===== 2025 Q4  (2025-04-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Lowenstein, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Madison. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our fiscal 2025 fourth quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance Operations. Let me remind you, our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including but not limited to statements regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations and assumptions and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors and risks that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K filed with the SEC this morning, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2024 and our quarterly results on Form 10-Q, previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Department at 804-747-0422, extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great, Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We're very pleased with the continuing momentum across our diversified business during the fourth quarter. Our results reflect solid execution and the strength of our business model. We delivered robust year-over-year EPS growth as we drove unit volume increases in sales and buys, materially increased gross profit, grew cap income, and realized additional cost efficiencies. Our associates, stores, technology, and digital capabilities, all seamlessly tied together, enable us to provide the most customer-centric car buying and selling experience. This is a key differentiator that gives us the right to win and access to the largest total addressable market in the used car space. This also positions us to drive sales, gain market share, and deliver significant year-over-year earnings growth for years to come. In the fourth quarter, on a year-over-year basis, we grew retail and wholesale unit volume. We delivered strong retail, wholesale, and EPP GPUs and materially improved service growth profit. We bought more vehicles from both consumers and dealers, achieving an all-time record with dealers. We grew CAF's net interest margin and continued to advance our full credit spectrum underwriting model. We materially leveraged SG&A as a percent of gross profit, and we also achieved double-digit EPS growth for the third consecutive quarter. For the fourth quarter of FY ‘25, we delivered total sales of $6 billion, up 7%, compared to last year, primarily driven by higher volume. In a retail business, total unit sales increased 6.2% and used unit comps were up 5.1% despite having one less selling day, inclement weather, and a delayed start to this year's tax season. Average selling price was in line with last year's fourth quarter. For the full-year, total retail unit sales increased 3.1%, and used unit comps were up 2.2%, with a decline in the first quarter more than offset by gains across the second, third, and fourth quarters. Our market share data indicates that our nationwide share of age zero to 10-year-old used vehicles was 3.7% in calendar 2024 consistent with 2023. External title data shows year-over-year, while our share came under pressure during the first half of 2024, it then recovered as we achieved accelerating gains through the second-half with particular strength in age zero to four vehicles, which grew through the entire year. The data indicates that our market share continued to grow year-over-year during January 2025, the latest period for which information is available. While I do not intend to provide another update until this time next year, we remain confident in our ability to achieve further market share gains and across 2025 and beyond. Fourth quarter retail gross profit per used unit was $2,322, a fourth quarter record up from last year's $2,251. Wholesale unit sales were up 3.1% versus the fourth quarter last year. Average selling price was flat year-over-year. Fourth quarter wholesale gross profit per unit was $1,045, which is historically strong, though down from the $1,120 a year ago. We bought approximately 269,000 vehicles during the quarter, up 15% from last year. We purchased approximately 223,000 vehicles from consumers, with more than half of those buys coming through our online incentive appraisal experience. With the support of our Edmund sales team, we sourced the remaining approximately 46,000 vehicles through dealers, which is up 114% from last year. For the fourth quarter, approximately 15% of retail unit sales were online, up from 14% last year. Total revenue from online transactions was approximately 29%, compared with 30% last year. All of our wholesale auctions in sales were virtual and are considered online transactions, which represented 17% of the total revenue for the quarter. Approximately 58% of retail unit sales were omni sales for this quarter, up from 55% in the prior year. As a reminder, our omni-channel sales definition incorporates customers who complete some, but not all, of the following transactional activities online, reserving the vehicle, financing the vehicle if needed, trading in or opting out of a trade-in, and creating a sales order. To better reflect the ways customers are utilizing our digital capabilities to buy a car. Going forward, we are updating our definition of an omni-channel sale to also include customers, who complete any of the following steps online. Pre-qualifying for financing, setting appointments, and signing up for notification on cars coming soon. Based on this updated definition, approximately 67% of our retail unit sales were omni this quarter, up from 64% last year. Of note, this does not impact how we calculate online sales since the steps to complete an online retail transaction remain the same. Across omni and online, our digital capabilities supported over 80% of our sales during the fourth quarter. We expect that our mix of digitally supported sales will continue to grow over time as we add further enhancements to our online tools, customers become more accustomed to leveraging them, and as we improve our ability to track their use. Turning to finance. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $159 million, up 8% from the same quarter last year. In a few moments, John will provide more detail on customer financing, the loan loss division, and cap contribution, as well as our progress on full credit spectrum lending and increasing caps penetration. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will share more information on our fourth quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. The momentum we built over the last few quarters continued into the fourth quarter. We achieved positive growth in retail and wholesale units, increased per unit and total dollar margin, grew cap income, and had strong flow through to our bottom line. Fourth quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.58, up 81% versus a year ago. Adjusted for a $12 million non-cash impairment within other expense related to an Edmunds lease, EPS was $0.64, which has doubled from a year ago. Total gross profit was $668 million, up 14% from last year's fourth quarter. Used retail margin of $424 million increased by 9%, with higher volume and per unit margins. We'll see a vehicle margin of $125 million declined by 4% with an increase in volume offset by a reduction in per unit margins. Other gross profit was $119 million, up 72% from a year ago. This was driven primarily by a combination of EPP and service. EPP increased by $8 million or $10 per retail unit as we lapped over the initial rollout of margin increases that took place in last year's fourth quarter. Service recorded a $1 million loss, which was a $44 million improvement over last year's fourth quarter. We achieved this performance improvement through successful cost coverage, efficiency measures, and growth and sales. On the SG&A front, expenses for the fourth quarter were $611 million, up 5% or $30 million from the prior year. SG&A leveraged by 770 basis points driven by growth and gross profit and our ongoing actions to improve expense efficiency. SG&A dollars for the fourth quarter versus last year were mainly impacted by two factors. First, total compensation and benefits increased by $22 million. Over half of this increase was due to our corporate bonus accrual, with the majority of the balance driven by unit volume growth. Second, advertising was up by $9 million due to timing. This was in line with the guidance we provided last quarter. In respect to capital allocation, during the fourth quarter we repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares for a total spend of $99 million. As of the end of the quarter, we had approximately $1.94 billion of repurchase authorization remaining. As we look ahead, I'll highlight a few key areas, which support our earnings model that Bill will speak to shortly. We are testing EPP product enhancements that will focus on increasing penetration and per unit margins. These enhancements are expected to drive a small year-over-year increase in per unit EPP margin in FY ‘26 with the potential for more expansion in fiscal ‘27. We expect service margin in FY ‘26 to grow year-over-year, predominantly in the first-half of the year, and to deliver a slight positive profit contribution for the full-year, as governed by sales performance given the leverage, de-leverage nature of service. Additionally, we expect service to continue to serve as a slight profit lever beyond FY ‘26. In respect to SG&A in the nearer term, we expect to require low-single-digit gross profit growth to lever on an annual basis, including in FY ‘26. This will be supported by our goal of hitting full year omni-cost neutrality in FY ‘26 for the first time, with continued improvement thereafter. We expect all three metrics per used unit, per total units, and as a percent of gross profit to be more efficient than pre-omni for the full-year. This reinforces our pathway back to a lower SG&A leverage ratio with the initial goal of returning to the mid-70% range over time as we see healthier consumer demand. In FY ‘26, we expect that marketing spend will be approximately the same as in FY ‘25 on a total unit basis. With regard to capital expenditures, we anticipate approximately $575 million in FY ‘26. The increase is primarily driven by the timing of land purchases as we experience favorability to our FY ‘25 outlook, due to the timing of certain deal closures. Similar to FY ‘24 and FY ‘25, the largest portion of our CapEx investment is related to the land and build out of facilities for long-term growth capacity in offsite reconditioning and auctions. In FY ‘26, we plan to open six new store locations, up from five in FY ‘25, and four stand-alone reconditioning and auction centers, up from two in FY ‘25. Our extensive nationwide footprint and logistics network continue to be a competitive advantage for CarMax. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. During the fourth quarter, CarMax Auto Finance originated approximately $1.9 billion, resulting in sales penetration of 42.3% net of three-day payoffs, which was in line with last year's fourth quarter. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 11.1%, a decrease of 40 basis points from a year ago, which was reflective of credit tightening and APR reductions executed prior to Q4. Third-party Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was 17.6% of sales, down 110 basis points from last year, while third-party Tier 3 volume accounted for 7.9% of sales down 30 basis points from last year. Cap income for the quarter was $159 million, which was up $12 million from FY ’24. This increase was driven by net interest margin, which remained steady from the third quarter at 6.2%, but is up 30 basis points from last year's fourth quarter. Provision for loan losses was $68 million and results in a total reserve balance of $459 million, or 2.61% of managed receivables. This sequential improvement in the reserve to receivable ratio reflects an additional quarter within more normalized provision, along with the continuation of previous credit tightening. Regarding our full spectrum lending initiative, we remain excited about CAF's continued efforts in this space, as well as the tremendous growth potential unlocked by the broadening of our securitization program. During the month of March, CAF began measured expansion by recapturing profitable portions of Tier 1 originations that we had shifted to our Tier 2 lenders as we tightened lending standards. This adjustment is targeted to grow our penetration by 100 to 150 basis points in the near-term and is enabled by our non-prime securitization program, which allows us to efficiently fund these non-prime receivables, while retaining the full economic value of the contracts. We were also pleased to successfully execute our second non-prime ABS transaction, which closed in late March and was well received in the market. We continue to learn from our new underwriting models and corresponding tests currently in place and anticipate capturing additional volume across Tier 2 and Tier 3 during the back half of the fiscal year. But as always, we will carefully monitor the consumer and the broader economy, and we'll adjust our origination strategy as needed. It is worth noting that in the first quarter, we are forecasted to have a larger provision sequentially and year-over-year driven by new origination volume. This stems from seasonally higher sales and a lower credit quality period plus the need for additional reserve given the profitable, but higher loss nature of the recaptured receivables that I mentioned a few moments ago. As a reminder, we expect this initial impact from building the loss reserve as we grow CAF penetration to be materially offset by future income over time. Now let's turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, John and Enrique. As I mentioned at the start of the call, I'm pleased with the momentum we are seeing across our business. The associate and customer-facing tools we launched during fiscal ‘25 are contributing to our results and to providing the most customer-centric car buying and selling experience. I'm proud of the steps we took during the year to further differentiate our offering and drive incremental operational efficiencies. Some examples include, for retail, we rolled out a number of new systems that enhance consumer shopping experiences, support conversion, and enable our associates to be more efficient. These include order processing in our stores, customer accounts online, AI-driven knowledge management in our CECs, and EV research and shopping tools on the Edmunds and CarMax websites. Our digital tools and enhancements have made it easier for consumers to self-progress in their shopping journey. Sky, our AI-powered virtual assistant, is now able to independently answer over half of the questions our customers ask it, reflecting more than a 20% year-over-year improvement. Additionally, the rate of fully self-progressed online sales grew by 25% across fiscal 2025. For supply, we enhanced both our consumer and dealer-facing appraisal experiences. We are now able to give digital offers to approximately 99% of the customers, who come to CarMax.com for an appraisal, and we made Max offer even easier to use. This has attracted more dealers to the offering and has driven strong record sourcing volume each quarter. For finance, we began testing new credit scoring models and corresponding strategies across the full credit spectrum, which positions us to further grow cap income modestly in the near-term and more materially over time. We also released an update to our finance-based shopping experience that seamlessly incorporates existing instant appraisal offers into our pre-qualification offering, giving customers more precise credit terms. And finally, we continue to focus on driving down cost of goods sold by pursuing incremental efficiency opportunities across our logistics network and reconditioning operations. We achieved savings of approximately $125 per unit this year and anticipate that we will achieve at least another $125 per unit in fiscal 2026. This exceeds the initial $200 target we set at the beginning of fiscal 2025. These efficiencies support affordability as we pass savings on to our customers and also support our margins. In fiscal 2026, we will leverage and enhance our capabilities to drive growth through better execution, innovative offers -- innovative efforts, and up-leveled experiences. Some examples include, for retail, we will continue leveraging data science and AI to offer even better digital experiences for our associates and consumers driving conversion and efficiency. We plan to improve our online vehicle transfer experience and to expand [CAF’s] (ph) functionality with additional data and new architecture. In recognition of the breadth and seamlessness of our best-in-class offering, we will also launch a new marketing campaign over the summer that will bring our omnichannel experience and our digital capabilities to the forefront for a broad set of consumers. For supply, we plan to streamline the online appraisal checkout process and expand appraisal pickup availability to new markets. We will also further enhance Max offer to attract new dealers, expanding our access to directly sourced vehicles. For credit, as John mentioned, we plan to continue expanding CAFs participation across the credit spectrum to grow penetration and capture profitable returns. Additionally, we plan to modernize the ownership experience on CAFs digital platform, which will enhance customer experience and drive operating efficiencies. Looking ahead, we've positioned the company to achieve ongoing growth in retail and wholesale unit sales and market share with double-digit EPS growth for years to come. We're excited about the power of the earning model we have built. Our model is designed to deliver an earnings per share growth CAGR in the high-teens when retail unit growth is in the mid-single-digits. In addition to retail and wholesale unit growth, other key inputs driving our model are strength in other gross profit, [CAFs] (ph) credit spectrum expansion, continued operating efficiencies, SG&A leverage, and our share repurchase program. Regarding our long-term goals, we are focused on growing the business and we continue to make progress towards those goals. However, at this point, we are moving the timeframes associated with them, given the potential impact of broader macro factors. Before turning to Q&A, I want to recognize two significant milestones. First, Fortune Magazine, recently named CarMax, is one of its 100 best companies to work for, for the 21st year in a row I'm incredibly proud of this recognition. It's due to our associates commitment to supporting each other our customers and our communities every day. Second we opened up our 250th store during the fourth quarter. Reaching 250 stores across the country is a fantastic accomplishment. I want to thank and congratulate all of our associates for the work that they do. They are our differentiator and the key to our success. In closing, we're excited about the strength of the business model and the opportunities that lie ahead to grow sales and earnings. We are proud to offer customers the ability to progress seamlessly through and across online and in-store channels, delivering what our research affirms is the most customer-centric buying and selling experience. This competitive advantage gives us access to the largest total addressable market in the used car space and provides a strong runway for future. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Madison?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open. You may now ask your question.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Sharon Zackfia: I guess as we -- as you think about fiscal '25 and kind of that tail of two-halves, where there were some share losses in the first-half followed by the accelerating gains in the second-half. As you kind of diagnose that, can you give us some insight into kind of what you think the drivers were between the first-half and the second-half and why you kind of saw that inflection? And I guess, secondarily, as we're kind of staring down this idea of maybe used car prices going up again with tariffs, I mean, what lessons did you learn over the past several years that could maybe help the business more if affordability becomes more challenged to get in the industry? Thank you.
Bill Nash: Okay, Sharon. On the first question about kind of first-half versus second-half. Look, the main driving factor that, and we talked about that being of the years, we were coming off of, if you remember last calendar -- last calendar year, that last quarter, there was a big price correction. Remember, it was the third last and third one that we saw. And when you have those big price corrections, I think if I remember correctly, it was probably around $3,000 in a very short period of time of depreciation. That impacts us a little bit differently. So I think you had that to kind of really worked into the fourth quarter that masked a lot of the things that we're providing benefit for the rest of the year. If you think about the improvements, and I cited a lot of them on the call today, but I think there's just a lot of factors. You take -- we're continuing to make the experience better for the consumers and our associates. We've got better execution. You've got the benefit of efficiency gains and kind of flexibility that gives you both in your pricing and your margin, making sure that you're competitively priced. Our inventory acquisition expansion, we've continued to set new records with our MAX offer. It just gives you a wider variety of inventory. And then I think the other thing is this year, we've also just seen a more normal pricing environment. So I think there's a lot of things going on there. But I do think that the actions that we've taken are really what's driving the momentum. And I think they were masked a little bit in the first quarter, because we were coming off of a big macro factor. As far as your second question goes, I think, it was just kind of -- if I remember correctly, it's what have we kind of learned how are we better positioned now versus previous. And again, I think there's a lot of things that we learned in the last two or three years. One of them, obviously, is we've sharpened our skills when we came out of COVID, our six to 10-year-old cars just wasn't a big focus for us, as big a focus and that's not really what customers were looking for, so we had to build that muscle up. So we have more six to 10-year-old cars that over time, I think other things, we've expanded the sourcing, which I just talked about. I think Jon spoke about the ABS bifurcation. If you remember, coming out of COVID, there's a lot of profitable loans out there, but we couldn't -- we had to pass them on to lenders because we had one ABS that required a certain return and certain loss ratios. So now having a second ABS, I think, absolutely helps us preserve some of those sales, you like to think all of them get picked up, but some of them won't get picked up. So I think that's another when you got the cost improvements that we've been focused on over the last couple of years. The work that Jon and his team have done on the FDS and making sure that we make it very easy for customers to understand their monthly payment and look for options that fit that monthly payment. So I think there's just a lot of great things as well as just the overall home experience. We didn't slow down during the last few years. We kept plugging along at it because we knew this is where we wanted to get. So I think there's a lot that goes into that.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. Bill, if you wouldn't mind commenting on quarter-to-date use comp trends, that would be great. And then as you think about this macro environment and the potential for new car tariffs driving double-digit increases in new car prices, what does that mean for you guys from a share gain perspective and from a used car industry growth perspective? Thank you.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Seth. On the comp trends -- look, if I look at the fourth quarter, December and January were very strong. February was a little softer, which we expected given that we had leap day last year. We also think February is slightly impacted by the delay of refunds. And what I mean by there is, if you remember, probably halfway through February, refunds were off significantly year-over-year. Now they caught up pretty much by the end of February, but I think it pushed a little bit into March, as well as we had some weather impacts. Then we get into March, and we saw a step-up that was a little stronger than the fourth quarter comp, and it continued the whole month until the end of March where we saw some strength -- some additional strength, which continued and then accelerated into the first few days of April, which obviously were early into April right now. From a comp standpoint, first quarter-to-date, we're running high single digits. Your second question, I think, it was on tariffs. Is that correct?
Seth Basham: Yes. New car tariffs, if they drive double-digit increases in new car prices, what does that mean for the used car industry and your ability to gain market share in that environment?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think it's, you know, there's a lot of moving pieces here and I'm sure it's probably changed even while we've been on this call, but there's a lot to watch. You want to look at the new car pricing, the supply, parts costs, used vehicle supply, just market volatility in general with consumer sentiment. Obviously, as you pointed out, new car prices are definitely going to go up. I think certainly, as new car prices go up, that will put a bigger spread between late-model used and new cars. So obviously, just the speculation of the tariffs and now the tariffs actually being out there, it's driven demand. I mean, you're seeing it in the franchise dealers. We're seeing it just based off of the step-up that I just spoke to. I think it will push some folks into looking at used cars, late model used cars, which is interesting, because that's what we're seeing a lot of interest in right now. Now I think over time, what could happen is that the used car prices will also go up. Now the question is how much will they go up over what period of time. I think the other thing to think about on the tariffs that impacts our business, as well as anybody that sells used cars, it's just a parts piece. When it comes to reconditioning, the parts will be going up. And it just makes our work that much more important on the efficiencies that we're going after on cost of goods sold to offset those increases.
Seth Basham: Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. I mean I love hearing about the investment in the recon centers and the auctions because it gives you more throughput in production capacity. I'm just curious, Bill, as you think about that, does that give you the ability to stay and maintain this presence in the six to 10-year old sort of car segment of the car population. And could that actually be increased over time? And sort of kind of along that same line, as you talk about the $200 million in COGS savings going -- it sounds like now $250 million. How much of that do you think you're going to be able to maintain as you kind of go through this reconditioning and other efficiencies and is 2,300 to 2,400, the new 2,200?
Bill Nash: Good morning, John. So on the reconditioning in the auctions, yes, look, we're thrilled. I mean, that's going to give us additional capacity, which is why you're seeing that we open up more. Certainly, we want to have the cars out on the lot. We sell zero to 10-year-old cars. We want to have what the consumers are looking for. And if they're looking for six to 10, we're certainly going to continue to try to move that mix without sacrificing the quality. I mean, that's something that you and I, we've talked about in the past is we don't want to push cars out there to meet an age parameter don't meet our quality standards. Because quite honestly, we're fine with taking those cars and wholesaling. And we just -- we don't get the retail market share for them, but it's a great business when you turn an $8,000 car making $1,000 every seven days. So interestingly, if I look at the sales mix this last quarter, we actually sold a little bit more zero to four cars than we did older cars. That's not to say we're not pushing on the older cars and putting out those at the consumers. It's just an interesting anecdote that actually, the consumers are looking a little bit more for the younger cars this quarter. I think on the $250 efficiency that we're going after, look, I think the big wildcard there is just how much tariffs end up impacting parts. I feel great about the fact that we're getting these efficiencies across the system in old stores, in old production centers and new stores. So I feel good about getting those. Then the question becomes how much will tariffs kind of offset that, which, again, we're going to continue to focus and go after that. The other thing I would tell you on these reconditioning centers, these off-site reconditioning centers the additional benefit that you get from that is that you now have the cars closer to the stores in the markets and we put them in -- we're putting them in markets where we have capacity challenges. And so we're having to pull cars from further distance for retail. Now with these auction -- of these production centers being closer, you cut down in your logistics, which is a savings that we're going to continue to get whether there's tariffs or not.
John Murphy: Good to hear. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning. Nice quarter. Congratulations.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Brian.
Brian Nagel: So I think Seth asked the question about the quarter to trend business, and you said, Bill, you running high single digits would be a step-up from what you did in Q4 and then particularly as you talked about February? So I guess, I know you're not -- I know you don't give guidance, but what I want to ask is as you're looking at the business, how should we -- particularly against what is a very fluid macro backdrop? And how should think about the sustainability of that early fiscal Q1 performance? I mean, do you think -- is it a catch-up from maybe February? Does it reflect potentially people buying cars ahead of time, because of tariffs? Or is the overall sustainability from your standpoint?
Bill Nash: Yes. First of all, I don't think it's a catch-up for February. And I think we probably got a little bit of benefit there because again, you're not going to get the catch up on the leap day miss, which you will get a little catch up on is the tax refunds, a little bit of weather. But that's very small in the scheme of things. So I wouldn't look at it nearly as nearly like a catch up. As you said, we don't give guidance for the full-year, but I will tell you, Brian, I mean, we expect that momentum that we've been seeing for the last three quarters, we're coming into the year very strong, and we've got some good momentum, and we would expect to continue that momentum obviously, you alluded to. I mean, there's a lot that's going on in the macro right now, and it's changing. It's a very fluid situation. We're constantly monitoring it. We're looking at mitigation plans, from a parts standpoint, all kinds of things. So it's a little hard to speak on the whole year, but I will tell you that we feel good about the momentum coming into this year.
Brian Nagel: That’s helpful. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with Truist. Your line is open.
Josh Shang: Hi, good morning, guys. Josh Shang on for Scott.
Bill Nash: Hello, John.
Josh Shang: You talked a bit about the improving market share here in the back half of the year. But within sitting just under 4% today, curious what do you think you have to do from here and what has to happen to get closer to that 5% target over time?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think everything that they're working on that I've highlighted earlier on this call, this -- look, our big focus right now is growing sales and robust EPS. And if you do those things, all the other stuff is going to work out great, including market share. If I look at the market share for this last year, we're gaining market share. We're taking it from other dealers. The interesting thing is you also see where P2P is growing market share. When you look at that zero to 10 space, and the P&P strength is really in kind of the older vehicles, which you would expect. So I think we're -- we've got all the steps in place to continue, as I said, January, which is the latest title data that we have at this point. We're continuing that share gain. And like I said, with Brian, we like the momentum that we're on and we would expect to continue to gain market share.
Josh Shang: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Lick with Stephens Inc. Your line is open.
Jeff Lick: Good morning, guys. Congrats on a nice quarter. I was wondering if we could talk about sourcing. In this quarter, you bought 46,000 units from dealers, which is the most you've ever done on a percent basis in terms of improvement or even unit basis and also your overall purchase of $2.69 was 89% of the combined U.S. I think a big thing going forward, especially in this tariff scenario is going to be your ability to source. Could you talk about both on the dealer front and the consumer front and any evolutions or changes and what drove the kind of pick up there and improvement in Q4?
Bill Nash: Yes. Yes, it's a great question. And you're right, I think sourcing is critical. We're very pleased with the Max offer product. I think it's a solution that works well for dealers, obviously, with the expansion. When I think about the performance there over the last year, it's been driven by, first and foremost, just dealer expansion. This quarter, we were up from an active dealer standpoint, 40% year-over-year. As I said in my prepared remarks, we also made it very easier for them to use. If you look at the last year, we've got a great instant offer program for them. We also have one that allows them to take pictures if they like us to see some of the pictures that might be unique to that vehicle. We consolidated the vehicle condition information, making it faster and easier we've made improvements. So -- because you realized a dealer may start this Max offer on the desktop, but they need a mobile device to go to the car or whatever. So we've made a very seamless transition to go from device to buy. So this past year was really about trying to make that experience better. The other thing that I would add is that we've also started to embed it in their inventory management system in the dealership, which just makes it more convenient. And as I look forward to the upcoming year, I think we can still -- we've got some improvements. We're working on some landing page improvements, and I think some more integrations into dealers, which will continue to attract dealers. So we feel good about it. We feel good about the momentum. I think you also asked about the consumers. And again, the consumers, as I said in my prepared remarks, we pretty much can give you an offer online now. There's very few cars that we can't. There is a small subset that we really need to see the car. But essentially 99% you can get those offers. We've made it easier. I think there's progress. We've got some things queued up there again. So with appraisal got drop-off, appraisal pick up. There are some other things that we're working on there. Again, just to enhance that experience and continue to drive incremental box.
Jeff Lick: And then the last two weeks have been kind of crazy. There's been a pickup in conversion at the auction lanes in general. Any comments in terms of just looking at what we just talked about with Q4, any changes with the last two weeks?
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, I think you hit the nail on head. If you look at the wholesale the last couple of weeks, it's -- there's a lot of folks out there trying to bid, which again, I think it just makes me feel really good about all of our initiatives on supply and sourcing directly versus having to go that route.
Jeff Lick: Awesome. Well congrats and good luck on the next quarter.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I just had a follow-up to Jeff's question earlier. Bill, trying to understand how are you as an organization trying to manage inventory acquisition over the next few weeks, couple of months. Given, firstly, there is already a lot of uncertainty around the tariffs, if it may happen, it may go away. We're hearing a lot about the auction lane activity. I mean, I'm curious like how are you managing your inventory acquisition in that backdrop? I mean do you think you need to be aggressive or you're just being cautious just in case tariffs actually don't stick ultimately, I'm just curious like how is the company is strategizing around that? And I have a very quick follow-up on service gross profit.
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, look, I think we manage inventory better than anybody in the business. We've been doing it for over 30-years. We are very familiar with operating and changing a fluid type of environment. Keep in mind, we have the benefit of professional buyers who are on the ground, they're seeing things coupled with data that we're getting coupled with our own auctions. So I feel really good about where we are, both from an inventory on the ground and our inventory going forward. And I have no doubt that the team will continue to execute at a very high level. And then you said you had a question on service as well.
Rajat Gupta: Yes. Curious what drove the significant -- I mean, typically, seasonally, we see like a big drop in like service gross profit. I'm curious what drove the improvement? Was it just better productivity? Just maybe some like cost takeout. Just trying to understand the cadence there. I think and we could talk about like flattish gross profit a little more than flattish for the full-year. So does it mean that this is going to be less seasonal from here on, on just that cadence? Just curious if you can add any more color on the service gross profit?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: I'll start maybe with your second point. The seasonality will still be in place. So from quarter-to-quarter, there's definitely still seasonal aspects to it, which is why we expect the first quarter of the year as they had in my prepared remarks, to probably the strongest in the year because volume is higher. We'll also be comping over some cost coverage metrics we did last year. But I'd tell you in terms of why it's getting better, there's really three things that are driving the improvement that we've seen over the past two years now, we've consistently improved our performance in service. Number one is efficiency opportunities that we've driven. We've made investments in technologies like RFID trackers investments in technologies we can have better reporting in the stores to manage our costs, that's number one. Number two is we have taken cost coverage as well. So to match cost inflation that we've seen and ability to increase our fees there. And part of that is also driven by what Bill has talked about, the efficiency improvements in COGS and logistics gives us an ability to take some fees there without increasing the price of our cars. And then lastly, certainly, sales being positive helps because service does have a large component of fixed cost. Certainly, when you think of all the technicians that we're trying to retain, there is an aspect of fixed costs, especially in the shorter term. So you have positive sales, stronger ability to leverage. And we would expect going into this year to have a year of profitability in service, which we haven't had in several years. And thereafter, too, feeding the earnings model that Bill talked about in our ability to deliver double-digit EPS growth over several years is also because of that as well.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. Got it. Great, thanks for all the color and good luck.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Michael Montani: Yes, hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Michael Montani: Just wanted to ask, I guess it's a two-part thing. One was, if you look at historically, periods of appreciating prices, what does that typically do for your market share? And then also your margins how would you typically respond there? Because historically, you've called out it can be challenging if we have abnormal depreciation. So if you get depreciation and price, does that help you from a share and margin perspective? And the follow-up question was you guys had mentioned an EPS outlook that includes if mid-single-digit unit growth is there, you could have high-teen EPS growth, so I'm wondering if there's anything we need to keep in mind as it relates to that for this current year? And then also, anything we should know about from a timing perspective as we think through quarterly cadence?
Bill Nash: Okay. So Michael, good morning. On an appreciating price environment, I think for every group that sells used cars, when you're an appreciating environment, it makes it easier. And I think generally in an appreciating environment, your margins are easier to manage because you're not having to do as many markdowns because again, you're going to sell the car if it's appreciating the next car is going to be a little bit more expensive. So I think it helps your margin. I think from a market share standpoint, too, would also help that. So I think that's good. And then your second question was on the model?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. So from the model, we've spent the past several years, as we all know, investing in our omnichannel model investing in capabilities, investing in efficiencies, and we feel very confident about our ability at this point to deliver robust EPS CAGR growth for several years, at least doing high teens like we mentioned in our prepared remarks, on just mid-single-digit retail sales. And that's enabled the strong margins strong growth in other GPU as well exceeding retail units. I talked about service. We talked about EPP opportunities. You're also talking about SG&A. We're done with the heavy investment period. We're pivoting from building capabilities to leveraging and enhancing them to grow efficiencies and to grow the bottom line. So we think we are really well positioned to grow. And then you throw in the share repurchase program that we're committed to that's also going to reduce our EPS. And then you take a look at CAF. We're making those investments there in terms of the full spectrum credit that Jon talked about, those are also kind of in the shorter term and the medium term and definitely in the longer term, accelerators to our EPS growth. So we think we've built a model here that is in this really strong position to deliver outsized returns.
Michael Montani: And anything cadence-wise to think about as we progress through the year? Because I think you called out there could be some CAF-related things to keep in mind in the first quarter. But then on the flip side, you also have potentially some benefits from the work you've done in service and EPT.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Before jumping into CAF, I'll turn it over to Jon. Certainly from service, we do expect the first-half of the year to perform probably better holding everything constant than the back half, purely due to seasonality. When you think of higher volume and comping over some cost coverage metrics we did last year. So for service, I would expect outsized performance in the front half. And then for CAF, I'll just turn it over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, I'd definitely like to take the opportunity to speak to cadence on provision coming up. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that anticipate a sequentially higher year-over-year increase in provision. And just to give some orders of magnitude around that. So I'll jump off in Q4. So we had a $68 million more normalized provision in Q4, you're going to have a sequentially higher provision in Q1, because it's a higher from a seasonality standpoint, it's a higher volume quarter, it is a lower credit quality quarter. So you can anticipate a, call it, 30% to 35% increase off of that Q4 number, simply from that aspect. Couple that with the fact that we said we are going to -- we have taken some volume back that we were giving to -- following to Tier 2 partners kind of undo a portion of our tightening. So you can add probably another 10% to 15% increase off of the Q4 number there. So you absolutely could see a 45% to 50% increase in provision in Q2. And that can -- sorry, in Q1, and that tightening will continue sorry, that increase will continue because, again, this is volume that we anticipate keeping. You're going to have to continue to provision for that added volume we're taking on. And then again, we will watch that economy very, very carefully -- but the back half of the year, we're anticipating taking in more volume from our Tier 2 and Tier 3 testing. So again, that would stack on there. All in the long run, a very, very good thing for CAF, but an impact in the near-term to our provision.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: That's relative to Q4.
Jon Daniels: And that's relative to Q4 is the key, yes.
Michael Montani: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So you've done a really nice job taking costs out of the business the last few years, fairly consistently beyond expectations. The question is, though, if the economy slows from here and sales turned negative to mid-single or high-single-digits again, as EPS declined high-teens very much like the upside? Or do you have levers left a disposal to continue to cut cost and mitigate the operating leverage?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. We feel good. Look, a couple of things. I mean one is we still have room for efficiency improvements. Those are part of our plan, irrespective of kind of the macro economy, we're going after those efficiency improvements. That's number one. Number two is if there is a downturn in the economy, we have full levers in the past. We're position to pull those levers if we had to. Again, you're looking at the management team here that's been through quite a few things here over the past few years. So we know kind of how to manage through these kind of environments, whether they're upswing or downswing.
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of John Healy with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
John Healy: Thanks for taking my question. Just kind of wanted to ask a big picture question, Bill. In the last couple of weeks, obviously, outside of the macro, probably the biggest item on used retail has just been some of the Amazon news. And Obviously, it doesn't appear like they're becoming a retailer per se in the auto space. But I would love to get your thoughts about them entering in the freight. And do you view them as an adversary competitor, maybe elevating your peers? Or do you view them potentially as a partner? And would you be surprised if you maybe work collaboratively with them going forward? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning. John. I don't think anybody was surprised to see them actually get into this space. They've been kind of talking about it. And to your point, they recently clarified that they're more interested in kind of the listings, the lead generation, the advertising. So the way I see it is, at this point, it's more like a facilitator that we facilitate with -- I mean we work with a lot of different facilitators. I would see us as more of a collaboration. We obviously a lot of traffic just through carmax.com, but we also -- we work with facilitators to help complement the carmax.com traffic. And I think that that's the way we kind of view it at this point. But certainly, it's something that you continue to monitor. I would also just tell you, it just makes me really glad that we've gone through this pivot to really become an omnichannel retailer, because I think customers are really looking for this combination of physical and digital assets when it comes to buying a car. And it's just -- it's a big competitive moat that we built, and it's very hard to replicate. So if you're going to get into the used car business, there's a lot that has to be considered.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Chris Pierce with Needham. Your line is open.
Chris Pierce: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Good morning.
Chris Pierce: Just curious, as you move kind of more into six to 10 less late model because of the opening of the credit spectrum, is that an opportunity for -- are you competing against dealers you haven't traditionally competed against at a larger rate, and there's a potential for a new set of share gains? Or is like the six to eight year-old car now what used to be the two to four-year-old car because of what's happened with new car production? Like is this a new competitive set? Or is it just kind of a continuation of the deals you've been competing against three years now?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think -- look, we've always sold one to 10-year-old cars. And I think the -- and I talked a little bit about this earlier, the biggest thing that we want to make sure that we do is that whatever we put the CarMax label on, it meets our quality standards. And when you start getting into the six to 10 population, there's a lot of vehicles that just don't meet the CarMax standards, and we're not going to flinch on that standard. That being said though, we've obviously built the muscle to continue to produce that type of car and get it up to the CarMax standard. So what I would say is it's continuing to compete in the space that we've been in. But quite honestly, it's a space where there's a lot of transactions that happened. I talked about the P2P consumer-to-consumer selling each other, especially in the seven, eight, nine year-old 10-year-old cars, there's a lot of vehicles in there that just while it's in the denominator, it's not going to necessarily be in our numerator said it's just not going to be able to be brought up to the quality standards. So I think that's the thing to think about. And I think the way it enhances is, again, if consumers are challenged on just everyday expenses, and they're trying to figure out how to work a budget and they need to -- they would traditionally buy a three or four-year-old car, they may be saying, okay, well, I'm going to buy a six or seven-year-old car. We want to be able to meet that need. I think it's very similar to the folks that are thinking they're going to buy a new car, and they realize, well, I can't get the new car to work in my monthly payment. I'm going to go down to a one or two-year-old late model car. So I think it's just kind of an evolution of the business and where the consumer is going.
Jon Daniels: Yes. Just one thing I want to clarify, Chris, you made the comments, as you go full spectrum and go six to 10, I think they're relatively disconnected. The fact that CAF is going full spectrum, all we're doing is likely taking some volume from our Tier 2 and Tier 3 partners. We will drive some incremental sales. But our Tier 2, Tier 3, even our Tier 1 players love six to 10-year-old cars. So I'd separate the inventory needs that we have from where CAF is playing in the credit spectrum.
Bill Nash: As well as they love zero to four. I mean it was back and forth. Absolutely. I'm glad you made that point, Jon.
Chris Pierce:
--:
Bill Nash: Yes, I'm sorry, if you ask -- I didn't catch that part of the question. So GPU tailwind. Look, when you sell older vehicles, they cost more to recondition, but especially in CarMax's case, they're kind of like a unicorn. Where it's at the CarMax quality standard. It certainly isn't a commodity. We think the quality is better than others. So those do bring a little bit more margin.
Chris Pierce: Okay, thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. Can you just talk a little bit more about the decision-making process to change the $2 million goal where you just withdrew the time line completely as opposed to saying, given macro factors, we think it will be more like fiscal '30, because doing it the way you did it just seems like it's a bit more pessimistic and maybe that was intentional or maybe it wasn't. I just wanted to get more clarification.
Bill Nash: Yes. It definitely wasn't pessimistic. Look, I think the important thing right now is everybody should know that we're focused on driving sales and driving robust EPS growth. And look, there are a lot of macro factors. If you see -- and I'll give you a prime example. If you see highly appreciating market, where you can get to the $30 billion way quicker. And it's really nothing that we've done at this point. Same thing is if you see a slowdown, it may delay the total units. So it's right now, there's just so much uncertainty out there. Why I put a target out there that's really speculative, not knowing exactly where this environment is going to go. And - we just think that that's the prudent thing. But it does not take the focus on what we're going after and those targets. It's just -- it doesn't make sense to put a range on them at this point.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. And just to build on that, like even in our earnings release, you'll notice like we are focused on growing sales and focus on growing the bottom line. And I think that's what's important in this kind of environment. And then at the appropriate time, we'll come back with a timing outlook as well. We just need some more stability in what's out there. But again, we are focused on driving sales and driving profitability.
David Whiston: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Murphy: Sorry, I just want to sneak one follow-up in. I understand that the long-term goals have been postponed here in the guidance, but you did reiterate the earnings per share growth model, give an update there. When you talk about double-digit earnings per share growth for years to come, you're talking about sort of mid -- that has to come with -- you get a CAGR of high-teens on EPS with unit growth in the mid-single-digits. I'm just curious, when you think about that, does that include the normalization of SG&A from this 90% range back down to 70%? Or is that after that happens? Because just because if you're taking SG&A down to back to the normal level, I mean, you're really kind of taking some of the growth capital that you've -- either you're putting into the model, which makes sense. But I'm just curious, is this kind of a run rate basis once we've gotten back to 70%, 75% SG&A to gross? Or does that include the normalization from 90% down to 7% in that statement?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Like over time, we expect to get back to the mid-70s. You know, it's going to take us some time to get there. All that's factored into the guidance that we're providing, right? So we expect that, again, with mid-single-digit retail unit growth, we'd expect a CAGR of high-teen EPS growth, and there's certain -- there's an assumption of SG&A kind of ramping down over time, but that's embedded in that guidance.
John Murphy: But to be fair, the mid-70 -- the gap between 90% and mid-70s that's now just the sort of CapEx or growth capital. That shouldn't be viewed as operating. So I'm just trying to understand, is this something that on an operating basis you think you can do once -- as regardless of that normalization of SG&A?
Bill Nash: John, unless we got some robust volumes. I can't see us getting back to the mid-70s this year, yet we stand by what the model. We feel really good about the momentum and think that we can provide a robust EPS growth even in the range that we're at right now. So...
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Again, the timing of getting back to the mid-70s is it's embedded in that guidance. And what I'd tell you is that you mentioned 91% where we ended this quarter relative to mid-70s. Q4 is the high point of SG&A as a percent of gross profit. For the year, we were in the low-80s, right? And so just as a point of clarification.
John Murphy: Okay, alright. Thank you very much.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks for allowing me just -- kind of the follow-up. I just wanted to clarify because we've gotten some like in -- through the course of the call. Just on the comments around CAF and provisioning, I understand the mechanics around the first quarter step up clearly. Just curious like was the suggestion from Jon that level of provisioning will continue through the remainder of the year or into 2Q, 3Q? Or it was just the fact that you're increasing the subprime mix or the mix that will continue. Just wanted to make sure we're tying those two comments appropriately? Thanks.
Jon Daniels: Yes. Happy to clarify that, Rajat. I appreciate the question. So yes, I think if you couple the two things, the larger one really in Q1 is certainly the step up in volume and the lower credit quality nature of Q1. So that is going to be the real big driver of the significant growth in the Q1 provision again, as compared to the Q4 provision referring to. And then, yes, you tack on to there, the fact that we are going to capture 100 to 150 basis points back at obviously, a highly profitable, but at a higher loss reserve requirement. So higher provisioning there. Now that 100, 150 basis points, we anticipate keeping it through subsequent quarters. And then again, on the back half, we look to tackle one more as we continue our testing in the Tier 2 and Tier 3 space. So that will add further, again, different seasonality in different quarters. But I just want you to keep in mind that, that added penetration added volume from CAF going deeper has to be factored into your provisioning going forward. Again, long run, it's a win, but one should keep that in mind. And then, of course, always the overarching comment of we will watch the macroeconomic situation, decide what we do. But I want to make sure you keep the added penetration in mind in subsequent quarters.
Bill Nash: The other thing I would just add to that, Rajat, because you said something about subprime mix. I mean what Jon is talking about here in the near-term is taking back stuff that we were originating earlier, not I just want to be clear, it's not going into subprime. It's basically pulling stuff back in that we had passed off to our Tier 2 partners. Now later in the year, when we decided to go deeper into Tier 2 and Tier 3 you could see a little bit of that. So I just want to make that distinction.
Rajat Gupta: Understood and thanks so much for clarifying that. Again thanks again and good luck.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Jon Daniels: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Michael Montani: Yes, hi, thanks for letting me sneak in other one in. I was just hoping -- could you clarify a little bit more what the Edmund's lease impairment charge was for? And then secondly, when could we think about the added penetration turning into a win? I guess more specifically, can you grow CAF profits if provisioning has to step up that much for this year?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, I'll take the first one. So we have a couple of floors in the Edmunds Santa Monica headquarter that we've been actively trying to sublease really since we acquired them. But it's been a hard market in L.A., as you can imagine. So more recently, in elementary school was impacted by the L.A. fires unfortunately and they were in need of space. So we ended up subleasing one of the floors to them. We're able to find the sublease, while helping the communities. So it really was a win-win situation, and that kind of is what drove the impairment there.
Jon Daniels: Yes. And Mike, to your second question, do we see -- given the provision growth in cap income short answer is absolutely yes. We see growth in FY '26 for cap income on top of the provision, that comes from strong net interest margins, obviously, mentioning our expenses and all of that. But yes, we absolutely see growth within the year and then, obviously, strong growth beyond that as the provision is trumped by the overall income we're going to gain.
Michael Montani: Understood. Thanks for the clarity.
Operator: Thank you. We do not have any further questions at this time. I'll hand the call back to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Well, great. Well, thank you all for joining the call today and for your questions and support. Again, I want to just congratulate all of our associates for how they build and enhance our great culture for everything they do to take care of each other, our customers and our communities, and we'll talk again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q3  (2024-12-19 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Lowenstein, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2025 third quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance Operations. Let me remind you, our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations and assumptions and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors and risks that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K filed with the SEC this morning, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2024 and our quarterly results on Form 10-Q, previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Department at 804-747-0422, extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great, thank you, David. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. We're very pleased with the continued positive trends across our diversified business during the third quarter with retail, wholesale and cap all posting year-over-year gains. Our solid execution in a more stable environment for vehicle valuations enabled us to deliver robust EPS growth as we drove unit volume increases in sales and buys, maintain strong margins, stabilize the provision for loan losses and realize cost efficiencies. Our results reflect the strength of our business model and we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. Our best-in-class omni-channel experience is and will continue to be a key differentiator that gives us access to the largest total addressable market in the used car space and provides a strong runway for future growth. In the third quarter, we grew retail and wholesale unit volume year-over-year. We delivered strong retail and wholesale GPUs, expanded EPP gross profit and improved service gross profit year-over-year. We bought more vehicles from both consumers and dealers year-over-year, achieving a third quarter record with dealers. We grew cap income year-over-year and continued to advance our full credit spectrum underwriting model. We materially levered SG&A as a percent of gross profit and we achieved double-digit EPS growth. For the third quarter of FY'25, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $6.2 billion, up 1% compared to last year, reflecting higher volume partially offset by lower prices. In our retail business, total unit sales increased 5.4% and used unit comps were up 4.3%. Average selling price declined approximately $1,100 per unit or 4% year-over-year. Third quarter retail gross profit per used unit was $2,306 in line with last year's $2,277. Wholesale unit sales were up 6.3% versus the third quarter last year. Average selling price declined approximately $500 per unit or 6% year-over-year. Third quarter wholesale gross profit per unit was $1,015 up from $961 a year ago. We bought approximately 270,000 vehicles during the quarter, up 8% from last year. We purchased approximately 237,000 vehicles from consumers with more than half of those buys coming through our online instant appraisal experience. With the support of our Edmunds sales teams, we sourced the remaining approximately 33,000 vehicles through dealers, which is up 47% from last year. We continue to see increased adoption of our omni-channel retail experience. For the third quarter, approximately 15% of retail unit sales were online up from 14% last year, approximately 56% of retail unit sales were omni sales this quarter up from 55% in the prior year. Total revenue from online transactions was approximately 32%, up from 31% last year. All of our third quarter wholesale auctions in sales were virtual and are considered online transactions, which represents 19% of total revenue for the quarter. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $160 million, up 8% from the same quarter last year. In a few minutes, John will provide more detail on customer financing, the loan loss provision, CAF contribution and our progress on full credit spectrum lending. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will share more information on our third quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora : Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. The momentum that we have been building over the last several quarters carried into the third quarter, as we delivered on all key financial fronts, positive retail unit comps, growth in wholesale unit volumes, robust vehicle margins, material growth and other gross profit per retail unit, growth in CAF income and strong flow through to the bottom line. Third quarter net earnings per diluted share with $0.81, up 56% versus a year ago. Total gross profit was $678 million, up 11% from last year's third quarter. Used retail margin of $425 million increased by 7% with higher volume and relatively flat per unit margins. Wholesale vehicle margin of $138 million grew by 12% due to increases in both volume and unit margins. Other gross profit was $115 million, up 25% from a year ago. This was driven primarily by a combination of EPP and service. EPP increased by $15 million, as we continue to benefit from higher Max care margins per contract. We expect margins per unit to be up slightly year-over-year in the fourth quarter, not by as much as we've experienced year-to-date, as we will be lapping over the initial rollout of margin increases that took place in last year's fourth quarter. Service margin improved by $10 million over last year's third quarter, recording in $11 million less. We achieved this performance improvement through successful cost coverage and efficiency measures and positive sales growth. We expect continued year-over-year improvement in the fourth quarter as governed by sales performance given the leverage deleverage nature of service. On the SG&A front, expenses for the third quarter were $576 million, up 3% or $16 million from the prior year. SG&A leveraged by 640 basis points driven by the growth and gross profit and our continued expense efficiency actions. SG&A dollars in the third quarter versus last year were mainly impacted by two factors. First, total compensation and benefits increased by $28 million. This was primarily driven by our corporate bonus accrual, which had been reduced in the last year's third quarter. Second, advertising was favorable by $9 million due to timing. Regard advertising, we expect that our spend in the fourth quarter on a total unit basis will be higher than our year-to-date rate and last year's fourth quarter, which was $219 per total unit. This aligns with the previous guidance we have given on advertising that we expect full year spend to be approximately $200 on a total unit basis. I also want to point out one noteworthy item. As discussed last quarter, as part of our focus on efficiency, we have been evaluating our logistics operations. This quarter we incurred a one-time charge of $5 million related to equipment and leasing arrangements that hit the other expense line. This is more than offset by efficiencies gained in our logistics operations. Regarding capital allocation during the third quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares for a total spend of $115 million. As of the end of the quarter, we had approximately $2.04 billion of repurchase authorization remaining. Now I'd like to turn the call over to John.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. During the third quarter, CarMax Auto Finance originated approximately $1.9 billion resulting in sales penetration of 43.1%, net of three day payoffs as compared to 44% during last year's third quarter. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 11.2%, decrease of 10 basis points from a year ago. Third party Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was 17.9% in line with a year ago, while third party Tier 3 volume accounted for 6.5% of sales compared to the 6.9% seen in last year's third quarter. CAF income for the quarter was $160 million, which was up $11 million from the same period last year, and was predominantly impacted by our net interest margin, which increased 35 basis points a year-over-year to 6.2%. The provision for loan losses was $73 million versus last year's provision of $68 million and results in a reserve balance of $479 million. While the $113 million provision for losses in the second quarter of this year was outsized and included a significant adjustment for the pre-existing receivable base, this quarter's $73 million provision represents our belief that based on observed performance within the quarter, our adjustment in Q2 adequately accounted for future lifetime losses. The $479 million reserve balance results in reserve to receivables ratio of 2.7% as compared to 2.82% at the end of Q2. This 12 basis point reduction is due to the combined effect of the more normalized provision within the quarter and the previous credit tightening still in place. As a normal course of business we are continuously exploring opportunities to help our customers through adjustments in our account servicing strategies. One such example is with payment extensions, which have historically impacted less than 1% of our portfolio in any given month and have been below industry levels. This tool has proven successful in helping customers navigate temporary challenges. During the quarter, we began testing an enhancement to our policy that further empowers delinquent customers to take advantage of a payment extension and more aligns with industry levels. While early performance results are encouraging and similar to those witnessed under the existing policy, we recognize that some customers will eventually return to delinquency and result in a charge off. And for this we have reserved accordingly. Regarding our full spectrum lending initiative during Q3, we continued to test our new credit scoring models and corresponding strategies across the entirety of both the Tier 1 and Tier 2 spaces. And in November, we began initial testing of our new Tier 3 model. During the quarter, we also successfully executed our second higher prime ABS deal. In the next several quarters we will remain disciplined in our testing plan, but we are excited for the significant growth opportunity that lies ahead for CAF. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jon and Enrique. As I mentioned at the start of the call, I'm pleased with the continued momentum we're seeing across our business. The differentiated omni-channel capabilities we've built over the past few years have strengthened our business model and our key to our performance. With these core capabilities in place, we are focused on refining the experience for associates and customers and are well positioned to leverage, what we have built to support future top and bottom line growth across our diversified business. Some examples include this quarter, we completed the nationwide rollout of our customer shopping accounts. As a reminder, these make it even easier for customers to see the steps they have taken on their shopping journey, whether on their own or with help from an associate. In addition, these accounts guide customers' next steps and create operational efficiencies by empowering associates to seamlessly search and update customer records regardless of where they originated. In addition to the customer shopping accounts, tools such as Sky, our AI powered virtual assistant are creating operating efficiencies and providing help when consumers need it. Our data show that customers are completing more remote steps year-over-year and this increase in remote steps is also improving conversion across all of our channels, online, in-store, and through our CECs. We continue to add helpful shopping information tools to our website. For example, now we show vehicle specific battery health information on most EVs. We also highlight tax credit eligible vehicles and allow customers to filter searches by cars that are eligible for the used EV tax credit. For supply, we've enhanced our industry leading online appraisal experience. We are now able to give digital offers to approximately 99% of the customers, who come to carmax.com for an appraisal. For finance as Jon mentioned, we recently began testing our new Tier 3 origination model. We're now testing new credit scoring models and the corresponding strategies across the full credit spectrum, which positions us to further grow cap income over time. And finally, we continue to focus on cost efficiencies, for example, we expanded our test of new transportation management process that leverages data science algorithms and AI to provide new planning and execution capabilities. The process essentially dispatches moves and automates communication between drivers and stores. We're pleased with the results and expect to see benefits to cost of goods sold over time. In closing, we're excited about the future and our ability to grow sales and earnings. Our best-in-class omni-channel experience, which is enabled by our great associates, physical footprint, technology and digital capabilities all tied seamlessly together is a key differentiator that strengthens our competitive mode and we believe will be increasingly important to win consumers going forward. We're excited to be in a position to pivot from building capabilities to leveraging and enhancing them to drive growth through better execution, innovation efforts and experiences. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Todd?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: First off, congratulations, nice quarter.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Brian.
Brian Nagel:
A - Bill Nash: Okay, on the first part of the question, Brian, as far as the normalized unit comp. I think it's a little hard to say at this point. What I would tell you is we're really pleased with the sales momentum. If we look at the comps during the quarter, and you go back to some of my commentary at the end of the second quarter where I said, we were running a little bit lighter. We actually performed better throughout the quarter. And even if you normalized for the day of week adjustment that I talked about last quarter sequentially each month got better. And quite honestly, as we're going forward, obviously December's a little early on, but December's performance month to date has accelerated as beyond the comp of the third quarter. So, we feel good about that and we feel good about the trajectory of sales and all else equal, I would tell you as we think about the fourth quarter. What I would tell you is we think the fourth quarter what I will tell you we think the fourth quarter will be stronger from a comp performance than the third quarter. And that's despite having some headwinds of a day a week. We lose a Saturday in the fourth quarter. We also lose leap day, which we had last year. So again, we feel good about the momentum going forward. And what was the second part of your question?
Brian Nagel: It's on SG&A and the leverage. I can check in.
Enrique Mayor-Mora : So now Brian, we continue to make progress on our goal of hitting a mid-70% SG&A to gross profit. And that's going to require continued improvement in sales volumes. And Bill has talked about our recent trends here, in addition to the cost management efforts that we have been undertaking now for a couple of years and just to point you back to what some of Bill's prepared remarks, we're past the heavy investment phase of our evolution. We're at a point where we're pivoting from building capabilities to leveraging and enhancing them to drive growth and efficiencies. What this means is lower gross profit growth to leverage SG&A as compared to our heavy investment phase. So we feel really good about our ability to leverage. At the same time, we're going to take a look at investment opportunities. We're not going to leverage just for the sake of leveraging. If there are opportunities to grow the top line and bottom line robustly, we will do that but yet we remain committed to our mid 70% SG&A leverage ratio as well. So we're encouraged by the trends.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia : I guess, when you think about the improvement you've seen over the last, six, seven months. Has it been a reflection more of conversion than traffic to the web or the stores? I guess if it has been more conversion, how much of that would you attribute to kind of prices coming down industry wide versus what you've been doing internally to kind of lessen the friction of the consumer experience?
Bill Nash : Yes, good morning, Sharon. Look, when I think about it, like if I look at this quarter for example, I would tell you I think that the performance is primarily driven by conversion, because if you look at our web traffic, it was fairly flat and it's conversion both looking at remote, engaged customers, but it's also conversion improvements in the actual store when customers are coming into the stores. And I think at the heart of your question is really, what's driving this? And what I would tell you is I do think it's a combination of internal and external factors to your point. Obviously, this is, I think our eighth quarter down our eighth quarter in a row where we have sales prices actually down a little bit year-over-year. So certainly as prices come down, I think that's a tailwind for us. I think having price stabilization, not a bunch of big price swings from an appreciation or depreciation, more specifically depreciation. I think that's a tailwind. But I would tell you equally important is the focus internally on execution through like experiences and efficiencies. And when I think about remote progression conversion or in-store conversion improvements, it's because we've improved the experience. I mean, even this quarter, talking about the customer shopping hub that's helping us, convert more customers by taking out friction. The CECs, we've been rolling out some tools there, knowledge management tool, which we'll finish rolling out the fourth quarter, helping our CECs to provide better experiences. It's the work we're doing on our cost of goods sold and taking waste out of the process there so that we can take that and make sure our prices continue to be more competitive. It's the inventory management and the quicker turns that we're doing, there's just a lot of different things that we're working on internally that I think are also complementary to some of the tailwinds that we see externally. So, I wouldn't say it's all one or the other. I think it's somewhere in between.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America.
John Murphy : Just to ask about the same store sales comp in a different way, everybody in the industry, including folks at the auction houses are saying that there's a real shortage of used supply and it's tough to get vehicles, but you're putting up good numbers. Obviously you're doing well on the sourcing side. But one thing that's interesting, I think the average price was down about $1,000 year-over-year. So, I'm just curious if you're making a concerted decision on sourcing to maybe go down market a little bit in age and maybe trim to open up the market to yourselves and get away from some of the competition where things are tighter sort of at the high end. And is that something that might be able to continue going forward to support same store sales comp?
Bill Nash: Yes, John, it's a great question. First of all, we feel great about our diversified sourcing, both from consumers and dealers and specifically to your questions, when you think about the age, if you look at year over year mix, like 0 to 5, 5 to 7, 8 plus year-over-year, they're very similar. I mean, 0 to 4 is up a point. It's actually up a little bit, a little bit newer vehicle. So there really wasn't a big mix shift in age of vehicles. And I think from a supply standpoint for us, because we're buying so many vehicles both from consumers and dealers directly, I think that's a nice benefit and helps to allow us to source vehicles that are just hard to find out there. To your point, if you're having to rely on third party.
John Murphy : So no change -- but no change in what you're doing as far as age, obviously, as you just mentioned or trim. I mean, are you able to kind of go down trim levels to try to open up a better pricing? Because I mean, usually go pricing sequentially is not actually going down. It's actually going up a little bit in the industry.
Bill Nash: Yes, I wouldn't say there's anything remarkable there. I think the only thing to note is the team has done a great job. If you look at our under $20,000 vehicles, we've done a great job bumping that number up kind of year-over-year, quarterly, sequentially, it's pretty similar. But year-over-year, it's a nice little bump up. And again, I think that goes back to the work that the team's doing on sourcing.
Enrique Mayor-Mora : Yes, 30% of our sales were cars less than 20 grand. So, tremendous work there. Last year 25%. So pretty material.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham : My first question is on your GPU performance in retail and then wholesale. Within retail, can you give us an update on your cost out initiatives? Are you still on track for $200 per unit? How much have you achieved so far and what are you doing with that savings? How much are you reinvesting in price?
Bill Nash : Yes, the $200, just to remind everybody that's really being driven by two large buckets, our reconditioning and our logistics. And I've spoken previously about the fact the way to think about it is probably 50-50 split $100, $100. And I tell you, on that journey, we're probably realizing about half of that. And I would split it up about half on reconditioning and half on logistics with the remainder coming in the upcoming quarters. We got a lot of good work going on there, feel really good about it. And so far what we're doing is we're passing the bulk of that on to the consumers, but it also allows us to make sure that we've got solid margins as well. And I would think that you should think about that going forward. I mean, we'll continue to look at it and we'll have decisions to make as we find it. But right now the bulk of that's going to the consumer.
Seth Basham : And then as a follow-up on the wholesale side, how much of the improvement there do you think is because of market conditions relative to some of the things you're doing, like Max offer? You posted some really good numbers this quarter.
Bill Nash : Yes, I think similar to the response Sharon, I think it's a combination. I mean, certainly this is a better environment than a year ago. You can remember there was some big depreciation. And you know, when depreciation -- steep depreciation happens like that, we're generally ahead of the curve marking down our offers. So that impacts your buy rate. So you certainly can't discount that. And having a more stabilized price environment has helped. But on the Max offer, I tell you, the team, the Edmunds team's done a phenomenal job with that product. And as I look at it, we increased our active dealers on that pretty substantially from where we were before to where we are now. I think our active dealers are up probably close to 40% or so year-over-year. And so, when you have more dealers in there, doing Max off, you can also buy volume. So I think it's a combination of the two.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas.
Chris Bottiglieri : Yes, just wanted to and just go through the allowance a little bit more detail. Hopefully just give us a sense like, you know, what your -- I think in the past you've given like the expected loss on new originations and get a sense like what kind of led the cut to the allowance. Is it more just the remaining vote or are you cutting the provision on new originations as well?
Enrique Mayor-Mora : And just to clarify, you know, the cut to provision, I just want to clarify how to think about that. Our provision, as we've laid out is going to be obviously on new originations. Chris, you referenced that new originations, what our expected loss or the life of those receivables are and then any true up that we need to do on the existing receivables based on observed performance in the quarter. Again, we said there's always going to be some form of a true up. Obviously, we said last quarter there was a sizable true up, no doubt that brought the total of the provision to $113 million. But there's always going to be a composition of those two things. If you look at our provision this quarter of those two things, again it's a much more normalized level, which suggests that to your point, the originations plus the true up, our true up was just not to the size that it was before, which is really ideally, what we want to have happened. To your question of origination, how we did $1.9 billion this quarter, remember that's against Tier 1 and the testing that's happening in Tier 2 and Tier 3. If you can assign some loss rate to that, you could see where it'd be maybe in the $60 million range from an origination standpoint. Again, we've tightened, remember in Tier 1, so that's helping us to some degree but we are testing in Tier 2 and Tier 3, it's going to offset that a little bit. And then the remaining obviously is going to be the true up. But again, a true up in a reasonable level, very different than last quarter and probably again that's why we refer to it as a normalized level of provision.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: Bill, I know you like to measure market share annually, but I think perceived market share has probably been something that held back your stock relative to peers at least this year. I'm curious, has prices stabilized? Do you have any evidence that you are back to gaining share?
Bill Nash : Yes, Craig, would I tell you, the last two quarters I've said, look, market share, I want to get back onto the annual cadence. Barring any type of big price swings and we just haven't seen any big price swings. So we'll update it at the end of the year. What do I tell you is we feel great about our sales momentum and we feel great about our ability to gain market share.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist.
Scot Ciccarelli : Two part question. First, outside of the price stabilization, what else would you attribute the magnitude of industry improvement too. Bill, just given your long experience in the industry? And then kind of part two there is, can you guys provide some more color around the payment extension? Like how's that process work and how's it reflected in the P&L?
Bill Nash : Sure. Scot, on your first question, as far as the market, I mean, I think there's conflicting numbers out there as far as the growth of the overall used car market. I think, it's very volatile from a month-to-month standpoint. But outside of price stabilization and I assume what you're talking about there is kind of how I refer to it, you don't see a lot of appreciation or depreciation, which that's in fact kind of if you look at the depreciation curves historically for this time of year, they line up fairly nicely, which we haven't seen that in a while. I think, the other thing is just something I talked about earlier, it's just the prices continue to moderate and I think having a gap between a late model used car and a new car, I think that has continued to expand a little bit. I think that helps the industry, especially on the late model used cars. The only other thing that I would tell you is I think consumers are still pinched from an inflationary standpoint, so they're looking for alternatives and used cars, whether it's a two year-old used car or 14 year olds used car. I think that helps the industry as well.
Enrique Mayor-Mora : Scot and I'll take your payment extension question first. I'll level set on kind of how we think about extensions and then specifically what we did. So, we really wanted to cite an example of where we're continuing to look for opportunity to help the consumer navigate. Again, temporary hardships. It's something that we've always done. It's very standard in the industry. Historically, as I said in my prepared remarks that's generally less than 1% of our units in any given month, and we've done some testing, that has brought it just slightly above that level. But we think this is a really good opportunity to help the consumer and ultimately lower loss. That's the goal that we're trying to do, help people stay in their car. So specifically, what happened within the quarter is if you look at our extension policy historically, it's been and we really kind of targeted that customer. That's a couple payments behind. So if there are a few payments behind, historically we've said, look I need you to make both of those payments and then we can give you a payment extension. In this environment, certainly higher payments, people weren't able to take advantage of those opportunities. So we looked at customers who said, if you cannot make two, we tried to see if they could make both, but if they can't, can you make one payment? And there were incremental customers that were able to do that. And so that allows them to take then a period to kind of get their finances in order. Now, we've started that at the beginning of the quarter. We've been able to watch people come out of that extension period and then see how they're behaving. And we're very pleased with what we're seeing. It's very much in line with our previous policy. And so, we feel really good about this action we've taken for the consumer. Now that being said, we know that some customers may unfortunately revert back into delinquency and loss. So that being said, we need to make sure that we have reserved accordingly for the actions that we've taken. And that's how placed on the P&L it's embodied in our provision and in our reserve. And we know that will happen, but we feel good about what we've done. We like the early results. Again, a relatively small number of customers we've impacted but we like what's occurred.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Lick with Stephens.
Jeff Lick : Congrats on a second consecutive positive quarter in the progress. The question revolves around the wholesale biz. Some pretty interesting growth dynamics 73 or 74 units of wholesale per retail, 50% growth in dealer buys, and with gross profit margins up as well. I'm just curious where you think you can take that. I think that's kind of a hidden source of gross profit, dollar growth for you. I'd love to know where you think this is going and how sustainable these games are?
Bill Nash : Yes, Jeff. Well, look, I want to take it as high as we can get it. I mean, there's a big focus internally. We've had it for a while to continue to buy more cars, whether they're retail cars or whether they're wholesale cars. And like I said earlier, this is a focus Edmunds has been able to really get more dealers signed up for this. I kind of think about the product. The product is in, let's call it a majority of the population but in that majority of the population, there's a lot more opportunity with dealers out there. So, we'll continue to push this as hard as we can because again, we want every single car, whether it's a wholesale car or a retail car.
Jeff Lick : And who do you think you're taking share from?
Bill Nash : Well, I think it's just a nice alternative for dealers. You know, they have different avenues of getting rid of unwanted cars, whether it's through your traditional brick and mortar auctions, whether it's through virtual auctions with other wholesalers. This is just one more tool that they have in their toolbox to leverage. And we see where a lot of dealers, they like using it and so we don't expect it to replace those other things, but it just gives them another opportunity to look at a different valuation.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bellinger with Mizuho.
David Bellinger : In terms of the operating environment, any noticeable differences lately or change in tone from your lending partners? Have they turned more aggressive post-election and willing to take on additional volume, maybe even those down the credit spectrum? Any additional color you can add as we gauge some of the lending appetite into 2025?
Bill Nash : Yes, I think short answer there is, I think they're kind of steady as she goes right now. They really haven't made significant adjustments. I think that plays through in the penetration that they see. And again, that's going to be a function of the lender and also the consumers that are coming to shop. But yes, I think generally, our partners love the CarMax business. They're supportive in tough times, and they're obviously supportive in good times, but they're being as careful as any lender should be right now. So I don't think a lot has changed over the quarter.
David Bellinger: If I could just add one other quick one. You had pretty significant earnings growth this quarter on the 4% comp. Maybe a bigger picture question. But as you begin to leverage and harvest a lot of this investment spend in the past few years and pushing more volume through the system. Should we expect a comp in that low single-digit, mid-single-digit type range to yield double-digit earnings growth from here? And then maybe the buyback is an accelerant on top of that. How should we think about the earnings growth and the sustainability from here?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: I mean our objective is for robust top line and bottom line growth. And I think that's the position that we put ourselves in with the investments that we've made. The operating environment out there has been challenging for the past couple of years, which has kind of hit some of those benefits. But I think as we come out of that here, we've had two positive quarters of comps. And as Bill talked about, that accelerated our comps have accelerated here into the fourth quarter. And I would expect moving forward that, like you said, we're in a position to harvest the investments we've made. So, we're excited about where we are today and kind of our path moving forward.
Operator: Your next question will come from Michael Montani with Evercore.
Michael Montani: Congrats on the quarter. Just wanted to ask -- follow the two parter trend. First, Bill, can you just talk about, I think 245 stores today? Is there opportunity to get that to 300 stores again? And how should we think about the cadence of build-out? Or can you lever multichannel at this point? And then I guess the related question is on the labor compensation and benefits growth now given that the model is more fixed cost structure, should we assume that compensation and benefits will grow slower than kind of top line units at this point for some nice leverage? Or how should we think through that?
Bill Nash: Yes, I'll take the first part, and then I'll let Enrique weigh in on the second part. So yes, we actually, 249 stores. So Michael, I want credit for there's other four. So 249 stores. And look, we think we can go beyond for the long term, we say 200, 300 stores. Obviously, we well back to 200 stores. We can go past 300 stores. And I think the way we think about it is every year, we're evaluating the pipeline and there's plenty of stores out there to go. And although, we're reaching a lot of the population, there's a lot of opportunity to still put some stores even in markets that we're in. And then there are some markets that we're still not in yet. So the way we think about it is we look at that pipeline every single year. Sometimes stores get added in pipeline, time stores get taken off of the pipeline. And what I would tell you is I think we've got a strategic footprint and as we continue to go in the progress with the omni-channel experience. If consumers are continuing to do more and we can sell more out of the existing footprint than we have and we end up taking some stores off of the end of the pipeline have been great. But I think you should feel pretty good about getting beyond the 300 stores even with improvements of the omni because I think having a strategic footprint is critical.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: In regard to comp and benefits in terms of leverage, we would expect to lever more strongly than we had in the past on that line item as we've been lowering the variable cost of our business. We've certainly been talking about our direct selling model, the omni-channel model, right? And what I'd tell you is that we're in the very late innings of efficiency relative to having that direct selling model. It's more efficient than the previous model. This quarter previous pre-omni model. This quarter, we were more efficient year-over-year when it came to per retail unit, total unit gross profit as well. And I'll point to a couple of things here that can really give you a sense of what's driving that. This quarter, year-over-year, our web chats through Sky were up 10% year-over-year. So that's driving, again, the consumer doing more of those activities on their own less need for labor. Containment rate was up 50% to 51% from 41%. That's more than a 25% increase in containment rate. Again, customer being able to do more of the work on their own. At the same time, our SLAs on the web and phone were up year-over-year. So from a customer service standpoint, it's getting better. So you can see we're really fine-tuning that model. We feel really good and what that means at the end of the day is less labor, but more effective labor and that should help us drive down our comp and benefits relative to where we had been on a leverage standpoint moving forward. So we're really excited about it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from Chris Pierce with Needham.
Christ Pierce: Bill, you sort of mentioned it on your -- one of your remarks to a prior question, but do you guys keep data on pay the consumer has pinched they're transferring from -- they're shifting from new to use? Like do you have data that you're picking up new customers and that's why they're preferencing used and could debut by these markets been strong?
Bill Nash: Yes. The data, if I think about it, we look at kind of overall used -- the overall used industry. So if I go back to last calendar quarter, traditionally, million -- 40 million used cars based on exchange hands. Last year -- last calendar year, only like 35.5 million exchange hands. And so when you think about that decline, the biggest part of that decline was in the 0 to 4%. So while the whole decline was down, whatever that is 12%, I think the 0 to 4%, 0 to 6% was down more like 18%. That's obviously a sweet spot for us. So I think just overall, consumers have been pinched. I think the fact that the used car industry has been depressed a little bit and I think it's impacted anybody that sells late model cars a little bit more over the last couple of years has been something to navigate. But I also look at this as an opportunity that look, consumers will come back. We will get back to the $40 million plus. I just think at this point, consumers have been managing their own pressures that they're realizing from an inflationary standpoint and everything else that they basically have to deal with on a daily basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JP Morgan.
Rajat Gupta: Good execution on the cost side here. I just had one clarification on the comps and then had a CAF question. On the comps, I mean, just to tap in a bid on some of the comments that you made the industry acceleration that you've seen in November, it looks like it's continuing into December. Clearly, your results are benefiting as well. John mentioned earlier, like used car prices have actually probably gone up recently. So I'm curious like what do you think has really changed in terms of just the consumer mindset here? Is it just pent-up demand being unleashed somewhat both election anxiety, I don't know was there some hurricane benefit? Just curious if you could just add some color on those aspects? And I just had one quick one on the cash reserves.
Bill Nash: Yes. I don't -- I can't necessarily say that something has changed in the consumer mindset. I would go back to some of my comments that I said earlier about the things that we've done internally to make the experience better, make friction, less friction, improve conversion. The fact that our prices are down year-over-year, I think that certainly helps as well. I mean, there's still some consumers that are pinched out there. For example, the consumers, I've talked about this in the past that make less than $3,000 in a monthly household. They're still half of what they used to be for us. And so they're still struggling. So I'm not sure that the consumer mindset has necessarily changed. I think it's more being driven by things that we're doing and just overall bigger kind of macro factors. As far as hurricanes go, I mean, it was immaterial. I mean, you are less than 0.5 point, I would think it's small.
Rajat Gupta: That's helpful. So clearly, there was like some meaningful shift around just the omni experience this quarter. I know you mentioned at the analyst event in October that you had the later innings getting the fruit service investments. It does look like that kind of had a big benefit, would you say this quarter relative to just the last quarter?
Bill Nash: Well, I think we've been -- it's not like it just happened this quarter. This is a build. And I think we saw some of the nice benefits last quarter. I think in the second quarter and now this quarter, third quarter, I think we just see a continued building here. I mean when you look at conversion, especially like the remote, if you can give customers to do more things from they're going to convert better. And when we look at remote activities, like a vehicle reservation or a pre-qual or an appointment, an instant offer. The more customers that do that, the more are going to convert. And we saw a nice little continued improvement in customers doing remote progression. And then like I said, we also saw nice conversion improvements in the stores, where the stores are doing a great job just executing, leveraging some of the tools that they've been giving some of the seamlessness between working with customers that may start in the store, maybe they go online later, having that information for our sales folks. There's just a lot of goodness. Once we got past building the capabilities, we've really been focused on now removing that friction. And I think last quarter with order processing being rolled out everywhere. This quarter, you had to have order process anywhere. We have the shopping count this quarter, getting the shopping account out there. There's just a lot of good momentum here and we're going to continue this. And like I said in our in my opening remarks. I think this is going to matter as we go forward. I think consumers are going to -- they're going to want this type of experience. And the more that you can have it seamless and frictionless, I think that's who's going to win.
Rajat Gupta: That's great color. And I think you probably answered like my CAF question as well. I mean it doesn't seem like there was a big change in the macro backdrop. So the reserve -- the lowering of the reserve in CAF, was just based on just recent tightening in your initial observed performance. Is that fair? And then nothing has changed in your macro outlook to drive that reserve lower?
Jon Daniels: Yes. And again, I probably wouldn't think about like the reserve as being cut. I know that you're looking at a benchmark from like last quarter, but I'd probably reverse the thinking and say, you look last quarter, we looked at the overall performance and we made an adjustment that really kind of refilled that reserve bucket significantly and we feel that was adequate and it's kind of what we said in our prepared remarks. So I think about this return to normal, if you will, is just a recognition that, that volume that we put aside at the end of Q2 was adequate for the receivable base that we have. So that's just how I just ask you to rethink about it.
Bill Nash: Yes, I would definitely -- I echo what Jon said because let me just put it a different way. If we didn't get that adjustment last quarter, then it would have been higher. Like we would expect it to come down because last quarter, we thought, hey, this is what we need. But sure enough, Jon and his team did a great job on estimating that. So you would expect it to come down. So I agree with Jon. Don't think about it as a cut because if it went the other way, that would have been -- we just didn't get it right last quarter. So I think that this is -- and really, year-over-year, it's actually up a little bit, so.
Operator: Your next question will come from David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston: It looks like inventory was a free cash flow drain for the quarter. I was just curious, is that building up for tax season? Or is there something else going on there working capital-wise?
Bill Nash: Yes. So inventory -- total inventory was up a little bit. And yes, that's really all that is, is just built we're in production mode right now, obviously, with the upcoming tax season and all. That's a normal seasonal thing that we do. I think the team has done a phenomenal job on inventory management this year. They really focused on it. I think our turns are improved for the quarter year-over-year and we feel like we're in good shape for the upcoming tax time.
David Whiston: And EPP penetration or EPP growth, was that penetration growth? Or did you raise prices?
Jon Daniels: Yes. We raised prices starting in the fourth quarter of last year. We fairly price inelastic product that we have and we raised prices last year. So, we'll be lapping over that in the fourth quarter here. And so we'd expect less of an increase year-over-year. I actually expect a slight increase year-over-year when it comes to the rate, but that was basically a margin increase that we took last year. Commensurately, penetration has fallen but at the end of the day, we're making -- again, making more money there.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Michael Montani with Evercore.
Michael Montani: Just wanted to get some early thoughts that you might have around the upcoming tax season and how you're thinking about and planning for that? And then also, we did notice some uptick in pricing recently that was alluded to before. So as it stands early in the quarter, are you starting to see your prices rise year-over-year as well?
Bill Nash: Yes. So Mike, on the tax season, look, I think tax season for us is all about flexibility. We're planning on having a decent tax season. You just kind of do a baseline well, think about what it was last year and make sure you're prepared for that. But I think more importantly is make sure you have that inventory that you need, but have the flexibility to go up or down depending on what you see. And I think the team has put us in a great position there regardless of if it materializes like last year, if it's better than last year, if it's softer, I think we're in a good spot. As far as prices, again, I think some of the durable actions we've taken and the diversification of sourcing, I feel good about our pricing right off the top of my head, I can't tell you for the December, how we're running, but I think we're probably a little bit lighter year-over-year. So we'll see how it pans out.
Operator: We don't have any further questions in queue at this time. I will now hand the call back to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Todd. Well, listen, thanks for joining the call today for your questions and support. As always, I want to thank our associates for everything they do, how they take care of each other and the customers and the communities. I want to wish all of our associates and all of you a great holiday season, and we will talk again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's third quarter fiscal year 2025 CarMax earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-09-26 09:00:00) =====
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2025 second quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance operations. Let me remind you, our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the company's future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations, and assumptions and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors and risks that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K filed with the SEC this morning, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2024 and our quarterly results on Form 10-Q, previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Department at 804-747-0422, extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We're pleased with our team's execution in the second quarter, as we achieve positive sales trends, strong margins, cost efficiencies, and EPS growth, while managing through industry-wide auto loan loss pressure. Beyond great execution, our results also reflect the positive impact of delivering associate and customer experience enhancements alongside declining prices and a more stable environment for vehicle valuations. In the second quarter, we grew retail unit volume year-over-year. We delivered strong retail and wholesale GPUs and expanded EPP and service gross profit. We bought more vehicles from dealers, achieving a second quarter record. We maintained stable CAF net interest margin and began to test our new full spectrum underwriting model. We materially levered SG&A as a percent of gross profit and we achieved double-digit EPS growth. For the second quarter of FY ‘25, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $7 billion, down 1% compared to last year, reflecting lower retail and wholesale prices, partially offset by higher retail volume. In our retail business, total unit sales increased 5.1% and used unit comps were up 4.3%. Average selling price declined approximately $1,250 per unit or 5% year-over-year. Second quarter retail gross profit per used unit was $2,269, consistent with last year's $2,251. Also, unit sales are down 0.3 versus the second quarter last year and improved sequentially from being down 8.3% in the first quarter of this year. Average selling prices declined approximately $1,150 per unit or 13% year-over-year. Second quarter wholesale gross profit per unit was $975 in line with $963 a year ago. We bought approximately 300,000 vehicles during the quarter, up 3% from last year. We purchased approximately 269,000 vehicles from consumers with more than half of those buys coming through our online instant appraisal experience. With the support of our Edmund sales team, we sourced the remaining approximately 31,000 vehicles through dealers up 60% from last year. We continue to see increased adoption of our omni-channel retail experience. For our second quarter online metrics, approximately 15% of retail unit sales were online up from 14% last year. Approximately 57% of retail unit sales were omni-sales this quarter, up from 55% in the prior year. Total revenue from online transactions was approximately 29%, slightly down from last year due to wholesale pricing coming down. All of our second quarter wholesale auctions and sales were virtual and are considered online transactions, which represented 17% of total revenue for the quarter. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $116 million, down 14% from the same period last year. CAF results were pressured by an uptick in losses that are being experienced industry-wide. In a few minutes, Jon will provide more detail on customer financing, the loan loss provision, cap contribution, and our progress on becoming a full credit spectrum lender. But at this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will share more information on our second quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill noted, we delivered on multiple fronts in the quarter, positive retail unit comps, robust vehicle margins, material growth, and other gross profit per retail unit, maintaining CAFs net interest margin, and strong flow through to the bottom line. Second quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.85, up 13% versus a year ago. This was despite the increase in our loan loss provision. Total gross profit was $760 million, up 9% from last year's second quarter. Used retail margin of $479 million increased by 6% with higher volume and relatively flat per unit margins. Wholesale vehicle margin of $138 million grew by 1% with margins offsetting a slight decrease in volume. Other gross profit was $144 million, up 33% from a year ago. This was driven primarily by a combination of EPP and service. EPP increased by $20 million as we continued to benefit from the higher max care margins per contract that we previously ruled out. Service delivered $3 million in margin, up $17 million from last year's second quarter. This performance reflected the combined impact of successful efficiency and cost coverage measures and positive sales growth. We expect continued year-over-year improvement for the balance of the year, as governed by sales performance given the leverage-deleverage nature of service. On the SG&A front, expenses for the second quarter were $611 million, up 4%, or $25 million from the prior year's quarter, but leveraged 4 percentage points supported by our continued discipline in spend and investment levels. This SG&A leverage would have been even stronger, if not for two main factors that impacted the second quarter. First, total compensation and benefits increased by $16 million. This was primarily driven by our corporate bonus accrual, which was lowered in last year's second quarter. Second, occupancy costs rose by $7 million, a higher increase in recent trends driven by the timing of store maintenance related spend. I also want to point out two noteworthy items. First, our omnichannel selling model, which includes commissions plus the cost of operating our CECs, continues to be more efficient as we further strengthen our digital progression tools and the optimal use of CEC labor. This quarter, we were more efficient year-over-year and versus pre-omni in the three key metrics, per retail unit, per total unit, and per gross margin dollar. Second, as Bill will discuss further, we continue to evaluate all aspects of our logistics operations to drive efficiencies. This includes equipment and leasing arrangements. As part of this evaluation, we may incur charges that we estimate will be less than $10 million in the near-term that would likely hit other income expense line. These charges will be more than offset by the efficiencies gained in our logistics operations over time. Regarding capital allocation, during the second quarter we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares for a total spend of $106 million. As of the end of the quarter, we had approximately $2.15 billion of repurchase authorization remaining. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. During the second quarter, CarMax Auto Finance originated approximately $2.2 billion, resulting in sales penetration of 42% net of three-day payoffs, as compared to 42.8% during last year's second quarter. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 11.5% and increased to 40 basis points from a year ago. Third-party Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was 17.7%, down slightly from 18.1% a year ago. And third-party Tier 3 volume accounted for 6.7% of sales, compared to the 6.4% seen in last year's second quarter. The combined third-party penetration of 24.4% remains in line with Q2 FY ‘24. CAF income for the quarter was $116 million, down $19 million from the same period last year, predominantly impacted by a year-over-year provision increase of $23 million. Net interest margin for the quarter was 6.1% in line with last year. The provision for loan losses for the quarter was $113 million and resulted in a reserve balance of $501 million. This compares to a provision of $90 million in last year's second quarter. Included in the $113 million provision is a $52 million, roughly 11% increase in our estimate of lifetime losses on existing loans, which we believe reflects industry-wide credit challenges. Also included in the provision is $61 million for expected losses on current quarter originations. The resulting reserve to receivables ratio was 2.82%, as compared to 2.79% at the end of Q1 and 3.08% from a year ago. Despite the growth in year-over-year provision, the reserve to receivables percentage only increased 3 basis points, which is a result of credit tightening measures we deployed over the course of the last two years and their growing impact on the near $18 billion portfolio. Regarding the broader credit industry, it has been well cited that a number of auto loan consumers are struggling in this inflationary environment, especially those borrowers, who originated contracts in 2022 and 2023, when elevated prices were coupled with high interest rates. To combat these results, lenders have generally tightened underwriting where necessary and have adjusted lifetime loss expectations based on weakening performance. CAF has to some degree experienced similar challenges emerging within the industry. But our customers have largely shown an ability to navigate this added inflationary burden. During this last quarter, we observed additional pressure on the consumer. And as a result, we added to our provision accordingly. Despite the adjustment, these higher ASP originations from 2022 and 2023 remain significantly profitable for CarMax, and it is clear that the material tightening deployed in early 2023 has had a meaningful impact on our vintage-level loss rates. In addition, we observed a pocket of customers generally concentrated at the lower end of the Tier 1 credit spectrum that were of noticeably higher risk, which we addressed through the further tightening of our underwriting strategy for cautionary reasons beginning in April 2024. While the loss allowance was previously adjusted for this pocket in the first quarter as a part of our standard loan loss modeling process, during the second quarter we observed further deterioration, which necessitated an additional adjustment on the pre-existing receivables. We believe this quarter's provision adequately captures the performance within the quarter and the resulting reserve is our best estimate of the remaining lifetime loss for the portfolio. As always, CAF will continue to balance credit risk, driving CarMax sales, and capturing its optimal share of highly profitable finance contracts. Now I will share an update on CAF's Securitization Program and Full Spectrum Lending Initiative. During the month of June, we successfully executed our first non-prime ABS transaction and followed in July with our first higher prime ABS deal. The success of these transactions reaffirms our belief that these complementary programs will provide significant additional funding capacity to support CarMax growth, while giving us the flexibility to capture a larger piece of the Tier 2 and Tier 3 landscape. Also during the second quarter, CAF successfully began testing its new full spectrum credit scoring models and corresponding strategies across both the Tier 1 and Tier 2 spaces. We expect our Tier 3 testing of the new model to begin during the third quarter. Now let's turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jon and Enrique. As I mentioned on our last earnings call, I'm proud of the durable actions we've been taking to support our business and further differentiate our offering. We are continuing to refine the experience and realize efficiencies that will support future growth. Some examples include, we've completed the nationwide rollout of our new order processing system across our stores and customer experience centers. As a reminder, this system helps associates guide customers through each step of the buying journey and provides a more seamless experience for customers who prefer to blend self-progression with assistance from associates. We're now focused on customer shopping accounts. These make it even easier for customers to see the steps they have taken on their shopping journey, whether on their own or with help from an associate. These accounts guide next steps and promote MaxCare, our extended service plan offering. We're currently testing in several stores and plan to deploy nationwide later this year. Our data science, CEC, and product teams have recently developed a new knowledge management system that we are testing in our CECs, which leverages generative AI to empower associates with instant access to the information they need. Associates can ask questions through a chat bot and receive an immediate response. We are finding this tool especially helpful for customer questions where the response varies from state-to-state. This will enable our CEC to be more effective and efficient, and we plan to launch the system across all CECs later this year. For finance-based shopping, we released an enhancement that seamlessly incorporates existing instant appraisal offers into our prequalification offering, giving customers more precise credit terms. And finally, we launched an EV Hub on carmax.com. The hub contains information and research tools that address top questions shoppers have about electric vehicles, including hybrids, and helps consumers determine if an electric vehicle is right for them. As I mentioned last quarter, we're focused on driving down cost of goods sold by pursuing incremental efficiency opportunities that we have identified across our logistics network and reconditioning operations. This supports affordability as we pass savings on to our customers and also supports our margins. After completing a comprehensive review of our logistics operation, we determine that centralizing some key functions will help us best leverage our network. During the second quarter, we centralized our home delivery, appraisal pickup, and Max offer moves by market. We plan to achieve further efficiencies in upcoming quarters as we roll out our enhanced transportation management system, which provides new planning and execution capabilities. In conclusion, we're encouraged by our second quarter performance, and assuming current market conditions continue, we feel good about our sales in the second-half of the year. We're excited about our future and our ability to grow sales and earnings, while continuing to enhance our best-in-class omnichannel experience for our associates and customers, strengthening our competitive mode. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Todd?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning. Great to see the progress on sales. My first question is just if you could give us an update on how unit comps are trending quarter-to-date?
Bill Nash: Yes, sure Seth. So first of all, we're pleased with how the sales have progressed. If I look at the comp cadence for the quarter, they actually sequentially got better, which was great to see. For September, with almost one full month into the third quarter, we're trending positive for the quarter in line with the second quarter, but a little bit softer at this point. I would also just point out that September has some heavy day of the week headwinds. One less Friday, one less Saturday, pick up at Sunday, but we get all that back in the quarter.
Seth Basham: That's helpful color. And then secondly on task, if you can get some color on your view of the market at this juncture? Does it make sense to push forward with the full spectrum lending given the credit headwinds and do you expect further tightening on your underwriting standards?
Jon Daniels: Sure. Appreciate the question, Seth. So first on the overall market, again, I think we stated clearly, and I think you've reported this, industry-wide loss rates clearly are out there. It's a stress consumer. I think that's why we've done the tightening that we've done. April ‘23, we're clearly seeing improvement in losses on those vintages. Mentioned again, further tightening in April ‘24. I'll address your tightening question right now. Right now, we feel good about where we sit. Everything that we've tightened on previously, highly profitable for CarMax, but just moves that we felt we wanted to make proactively on a cautionary basis. But right now we feel good about where we are again, never say never, we'll watch our portfolio very, very closely, but we feel good about what we're originating right now. And with regard to is this the right time for Tier 2 and Tier 3? Well, we're in learning mode and we're really excited about it. We deployed our Tier 2 underwriting model and strategies in the back portion of Q2. We're looking to get into the Tier 3 in probably the back portion of Q3. We're excited to learn and we're going to continue to learn throughout probably the fiscal quarter. We will decide when it makes sense to go in to go after more volume. We think it's great for the customer that there's going to be CAF in there. We know it's great for CarMax that CAF is going to be there. We think there's more opportunity there as we've all stated. So we'll pick the right time but we're excited to learn and we'll move in prudently and when it makes sense.
Bill Nash: And Seth, what I'd say is even in this kind of environment, I mean, these are really profitable loans that Jon and team can target and do an excellent job of targeting those loans in origination. So we're really excited about the full credit spectrum And yes, we'll continue to test in the back half of the year here.
Jon Daniels: And I'd be remiss if I didn't finish up with, you know, and that's what made the securitization program this summer so exciting for us. It really was a great success, both of those issuances, and I think it really sets us up well for the future, both in capacity and flexibility.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the call or question. I guess another question on the finance business. You know, how do we think about the profitability of CAF when you've got the higher losses on the one hand, but we’re also seeing funding costs obviously start to come down. Is this kind of the trough in terms of year-over-year decrease that we should expect? I mean, when do you think CAF can start to grow again in income? Just any kind of perspective around that would be helpful.
Jon Daniels: Yes, I appreciate the question, Sharon. So I'll kind of break it down between two of our -- yes, obviously our biggest fine items. You mentioned the interest rate aspect. So, right, that's going to show through in our NIM. Obviously, we've been very pleased with how we've managed NIM in this environment. You know, we've said six felt about the right level. We've hovered around that area and we've done that in the face of tightening, which actually is generally going to put pressure on NIM. And obviously we've been able to capture our share finance contracts, while in a raised rate environment. So we've been pleased about how that's operated. Obviously as rates trend down, often there's an opportunity for a lender to enjoy stickier rates and maybe capture a little bit more. But largely, you've got an $18 billion portfolio at the current NIM. It's going to be hard to make a lot of headway against that. But we would hope that would be a tailwind for us. With regard to the loss environment, which is kind of the other end of the spectrum, I really want to point out our provision. Let's talk about that this quarter. Ultimately, if you think about it, when we set our provision and our reserve at the end of a quarter, our goal clearly is to only have to in the successive quarter set a provision for what we newly originated in that quarter. It never happens that way as you're well aware. You're going to have points where sometimes it's going to be you're going to have the ability to release loans, because release provision because performance is excellent. You're going to have in a higher delinquency environment, higher loss environment, which we're operating in right now, we've seen, you know, change that we've had to make in the $10 million, $20 million, $30 million range. Let's make clear, we felt the $52 million adjustment on the existing portfolio was outsized versus previous quarters. It was important we noted that for everyone. And we would hope that obviously we have the provision and the reserve nailed for this quarter, but it's a big deal. So the difference between the $50 million and what I would say is in the last seven, eight quarters, $10 million, $20 million, $30 million on the high side a year ago, you know, I think the $50 million is certainly more than we would hope to do going forward. So again, you've got to gauge what you think our origination volume is, the provision there, and then what the true up is going to be. But again, I think this is outsized, hopefully, on a go-forward basis.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, I think a way to think about that is, of the $50 million, probably 2025 is probably what we've seen over the past year here, I would say. So you're looking at probably like a $30 million adjustment versus what we typically would have seen on the quarter.
Sharon Zackfia: Very helpful. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Sharon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Murphy with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Murphy: Good morning. Maybe just to stay on credit here. I mean as you see the trajectory get a bit worse, but it's still you know within the bounds of normal and even the lower end of the normal range? I'm just curious how you gauge sort of absolutely how you think about this going forward or sort of the rate of change? Are there specific you know metrics you guys are looking at internally? I mean you kind of cited tightening in April and then tightening again during the quarter. So it seems like you're moving with this, but I mean, how do you gauge where this may ultimately land?
Jon Daniels: Yes, I appreciate the question, John. Yes, I'll point to one metric, which is, again, our reserve to receivables, which is 2.82. And I think what that number highlights, quarter-over-quarter, in the face of a provision of $50 million, which we've just said is relatively outsized, is the tightening that we've done, and you mentioned that, the tightening that we've done. We've looked at our portfolio, we've looked at where we originate, highly profitable loans, we feel good about what's on our books, no doubt about that, but we really wanted to pinpoint those receivables and those customers that we felt could sustain or really perform extremely well in a stressed environment like Rian, and we've done that, and we've tightened, and we're seeing the relative performance play through in our vintage level early looks at losses. How bad could it get? Again, hard to say. We feel good about what we have. You've seen a provision that we think really captures where we think losses are headed. We've tightened to the right pockets. It's all very, very profitable. It's the question of what loss rate are we willing to accept provision for accordingly. We have the funding we think in place to really do whatever we want to do going forward. But again, we're going to be cautious and careful and do what we think makes sense in the quarters to go. So hopefully that addresses your question.
Bill Nash: And Jon, just one point of clarification. I think you said tightening in this quarter. We actually tightened in the -- we didn't do any tightening in this quarter. We didn't see the need to. We tightened in the previous quarter.
Jon Daniels: Yes, thanks for the clarification. ‘23 April and ‘24 of April, we have not done anything significant since April of ‘24 and don't see anything in the horizon right now.
John Murphy: Okay, that's super helpful. And just one quick follow-up on the sourcing side. I mean, everybody we talk to in the industry is having a tough time finding late model vehicles. It seems like you guys did a really good job in the quarter and actually got the 31,000 out of dealers. So I'm just curious what is changing there, what Edmunds is doing to help you source from dealers, who seem like they have a pretty tight hole in these vehicles and don't want to let them go? And what kind of an impact can that have going forward? Because there is a real shortage, but you did a good job this quarter. So just trying to understand what changed.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think the shortage is really highlighted by the off-leash, John, which you know, it’s -- I think it actually bottomed out in ‘22. I think there's a little bit of a step down next year in ‘25, and then it'll start going back up. But the reality is, because of our diversification of buys, whether the increase in our instant appraisal offers and certainly the MaxOffer, the Edmunds team has done a great job. If you look at year-over-year, we've probably got 50% more dealers that are active on it than they were a year ago. When it comes to, for example, leases, that's never been a significant part of our sales, but the interesting thing is with our IO and MaxOffer, we actually have better access to them than we did historically, even though the volume is down. So for us, the supply just hasn't been an issue.
John Murphy: Got it. Impressive in maintaining grosses. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So I have two quick questions. I'll merge them together. First off, with regard to the improving used car unit comps, so first off, congratulations. But is there anything you could really point to in the quarter that sort of say underpins that strengthening what we've seen in prior quarters? And then the second question I have with regard to finance, you know, as you look at this, the higher loan loss provision that you took here in the fiscal second quarter, is that more a reflection of what you're seeing in your portfolio or the inputs that come as a result of your analysis of the overall environment?
Bill Nash: All right, so I'll take the first part of that and Jon will tackle the second part. So Brian, on your first part, just kind of improvements and comps, kind of drivers. You know, I talked a little bit about this in my opening remarks. I think it's both internal things that we're doing. I also think there's some macro benefits as well. You know, from an internal standpoint, I'm really pleased with the team and the execution across the board, whether it's finding efficiencies in areas of cost of goods sold, which allow us to do different things with, better conversion in our CECs and stores. The experience, I highlighted that we got order processing. Last quarter I talked about the fact that we were testing that. We had it in some stores. We planned to get it out everywhere by the end of the year. We actually got it all out in this the very next quarter, which we're thrilled about, which really puts all of our stores, the CEC and the customer all on the same format. So it makes it much easier and seamless to go back and forth between assistance and help. So I think that's great. From a macro standpoint. Look, prices continue to come down and I think Enrique hold me on this, but I think this is seventh quarter in a row of year-over-year price declines in our ASP…
Enrique Mayor-Mora: That's right.
Bill Nash: …which you know, certainly they're not back to where they were, but every bit helps and then of course, you know, interest rates the future of interest rates coming down, I think will help that. We were able to source and have for sale more, less than $25,000 cars and more zero to four cars, which I think is great. And then of course, we also in this much more of a stable pricing environment. We've talked about that many times over the last few quarters about what happens when you see big price swings of which we saw two last fiscal year, one the year before. You know, we've got up and down depreciation, but it's much more normal. So I think it's a combination of things.
Jon Daniels: All right, Brian, and I'll take your second question. Basically, it was, hey, with our larger provision this quarter, but your question was, is it really on our portfolio, or is it the broader economic environment? I'm paraphrasing, but I want to be precise in my answer here. So, for Cecil and for our reserve methodology, we look at economic factors that are out there, as you might imagine, and so we weigh them into our decision. But more specifically, our adjustments are based on the observations that we have on our portfolio and the performance that we believe is broad in the industry. You take banks, obviously the ally banks of the world, other banks, other finance companies, you can see that they're citing similar performance issues. So I think it's occurring on books across the industry. We observed it on ours. We take into account economic factors, but it's largely on us, like on us on industry performance.
Brian Nagel: I appreciate the call. Thanks, guys.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Rajat Gupta with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just have one clarification and another question. On the September comms, did hear correctly that you're tracking positive year-over-your same-strand basis so far?
Bill Nash: Yes, for the September, well, really, I'm talking about the quarter trend is tracking positive for the quarter. It's in line with the second quarter. It's a little bit softer. But again, I want to point out, Rajat, that there is a day of week headwind there for sure with the one less Friday, one less Saturday, picking up at Sunday where a bunch of our stores are closed. All that will square away throughout the quarter.
Rajat Gupta: Oh, so you mean for the quarter you would expect it to be positive still? You know, that was the comment you were making?
Bill Nash: That's the current trend of sales, yes.
Rajat Gupta: Okay, got it. And then just on the advertising spending, I was surprised to see a big drop there. Curious, like, is there, what's happening there? I mean, is there like some efficiency you're getting with the advertising spending? I mean, is this the right level for unit spending we should be expecting? Any thoughts there would be helpful. Thanks.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, no, absolutely. I would say that, you know, quarter-to-quarter there's going to be some variation, right? But if you look at the first-half of this year, we're pretty much in line with where we've communicated is our target. And if you take a look at the back half of the year, it's going to be very similar. So I wouldn't read anything into this particular quarter with the marketing spend year-over-year on the total unit basis. It's just, you know, various as within a quarter. But again, first-half of the year, pretty much in line with what our expectations are and the back half of the year is in line with what we've communicated.
Rajat Gupta: Understood. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David Bellinger with the Mizuho. Please go ahead.
David Bellinger: Hey, thanks for the questions. First one, just on the worsening trends in the broader auto loan market, you've already got Tier 3 down to about a 7% penetration today. You've tightened up again. Just what's next here? You're beginning to plan the business with any type of contingencies for any potential downshift in volumes over the next few quarters? Maybe just help us think there are any further offsets or cost pullbacks you could have in a weakening credit environment?
Jon Daniels: Yes, so I guess let's speak about you mentioned the Tier 3 percentage. I think there's a couple things going on in the industry. You've got, again, worsening performance that we've talked about and, you know, CAF cited, you know, their tightening. I think, again, there's tightening that has occurred across the industry as well. That's well documented too. So I think we've done a great job of absorbing that tightening. Our lenders on our book of business, we think we have the best credit platform in the industry. We have very loyal partners and they've done some tightening no doubt. Every lender is going to do their own thing, but they've done some tightening just as we have. And we don't know what they're going to do going forward. When we speak to them, they feel like they're in a spot similar to us where they feel good about what they're originating. I want to speak to your Tier 3 comment down to 7%, I think that's maybe less about the tightening. Sure, there's some in there, but a lot of the Tier 2 and Tier 3 volume being down, I think that's really an affordability challenge that we've mentioned repeatedly where the consumer that's looking to purchase that is shopping is just not in a position to pull the trigger given the payments and the situation that occurs. Some of that could be from tightening, no doubt, but if you look at the sheer price point and the monthly payment, I think that's where they're struggling. So I think that's coming from as much the consumer as it is the tightening. So I don't think…
Bill Nash: Yes, the only thing I would add is David is that look, I think we feel great about the actions we've done. We feel great about the tightening that we've done. Our lenders and having conversations with them, they've already tightened. They feel good about the CarMax book of business. Jon talked about this lower income customer and he's absolutely right, I think where you're seeing the Tier 3 is not because of necessarily tightening. Sure, where there's been tightening, it's just an affordability issue. And when I look at lower income, household income consumers, it's still a fraction of what it used to be. So we actually think at some point that will come back.
David Bellinger: Got it. If I could just ask one more on the digital progression tools. You mentioned order processing. I think there's a new functionality where consumers can complete a transaction from home that's stored in stores. Is that something available in every location now? And can you talk about any improvement in conversion that you're seeing early on with this?
Bill Nash: Yes. So We just rolled it out everywhere recently. You're exactly right. It makes it more seamless whether you start in the store or you start online. What was happening before is if you started it online and you worked with the CEC and you did the whole thing through the CEC online, great, because all of our CECs were up on it. But if you started online, worked with a CEC, and then you went into the store, it wasn't as seamless, because we didn't have the stores on the new order processing. Now we have it everywhere. So it doesn't matter where you start. And this is a benefit not only for the customer, but for the associate as well, because when a store associate is working with a customer that's been doing something online, it's now transparent what they did. The next thing that we're doing, which I talked about, is really this shopping cart is what I kind of call it, where now the consumer can -- you had to get over processing everywhere at first. Now when they log into my CarMax account, they see everything they did in the store, they see everything they've done online. So again, it's a nice little continuation and it prompts them on the next step. So it's a little early to talk about what it's generating from a conversion standpoint. Although our conversion was up both in the CECs and the stores, we feel like it's just a better customer experience and it will pay off in dividends in the future, because the consumers are going to continue to want more.
David Bellinger: Very good. Thanks, Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. It's somewhat of a follow-up to the last question. But online sales as a percentage of total sales moved up to 15% from 14%. I think it was stuck around 14% for a while. Where do you think that metric should be in the coming years? And then as you shift to a lower touch process, should we start to see a benefit in unit profitability because of the low-touch nature of that transaction?
Bill Nash: Yes. So on the 15%, it's been around 14%, I think, for a couple of quarters. They did tick up a little more, quite honestly, I'm more excited about the two-point tick up in omni because that's where most of the customers are. There's only so many folks that just want to do everything online. And I would point out the 15% of people that did it online, the vast majority of them still wanted to come into the store to actually do the pickup talk about the car, that kind of thing. As far as more -- look, the more self-progression customers do, that is from an efficiency standpoint, that is a win, and I'll let Enrique talk a little bit about that.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're really excited about the progress that we've made on our omni selling model as compared to their pre-omni time period, not only from a year-over-year basis, but also relative to pre-omni this quarter, we're actually more efficient on those key metrics, right? So the key metrics that we've been talking about consistently here for a while is on a per total unit basis, on a per gross margin basis. And then also on a per retail unit basis, which we were more efficient. So we had committed to making progress on that and being as efficient and even more efficient and we're delivering on that and that should continue to accelerate here in an environment where sales come back and we should continue to see that flow through. So we're really, really pleased.
Craig Kennison: And Bill, just to push back on your point, customers that wanted purely digital experience really only have a couple of choices, you and a top competitor. And I would think that your perspective is you should have your fair share of that. Do you think you're getting it.
Bill Nash: Yes. The way I think about it is I don't have a target for -- whether they want to do it all in the store, whether they want to do a combination of the two, which is really what omni is all about it, they want to do everything. We want to have the best process for all three of those. So we're kind of agnostic when it comes to how they want to deliver. I think it's great 15% of them. But we don't force them one way or the other. So yes, I want my -- I definitely want our fair share of that. But I also don't mind if they think that that's what they want to do, and they end up coming in or doing everything in the store.
Craig Kennison: That’s fair. Thanks, Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. Apologies in advance for another finance question. Previously, you guys had been lowering provisions despite higher delinquencies. And I know, Jon, you were talking about a lot of different factors that you guys consider, but was the provision change based primarily on delinquencies increasingly converting into write-offs in your book? And then related to that, with delinquencies hitting 8% rates on your subprime after about three months. What are your initial loss expectations for the subprime pools? Thanks.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. On your first question, yes, if you look at kind of -- and again, we've said our provision is going to be a function of our origination mix, which is going to have different levels of provision at any point in time. But certainly, there's this added component. And if you look, we have been -- we call it throwing up adding volume based on the performance we've seen cited the delinquency level. In any given month, and I think we said this, we definitely had seen our customers operate fine and delinquency. They might come in, they might come out, but they were not rolling to loss at nearly the historic levels that we may have seen five, 10 years ago. It clearly was somebody that was navigating the environment fairly well. It so happens in this quarter, we saw that erode a little bit, and that's why we made the outsized adjustment. But again, it's always sort of on us performance what we're seeing, coupled with, obviously, the external or the economic factors, but it's mostly the O&S performance. We feel good about where we sit today with our reserve. We've made the adjustment. It was certainly outsized, it captures the performance. And we think our tightening will drive through to actually ultimately hopefully not having to make additional adjustments.
Bill Nash: Yes, and Scot, I mean, I think that's a fine point that I want to make sure I kind of reinforce in that just, because you're lowering the provision in the previous month, it doesn't mean you're not doing true-up. We were doing true-ups. In just the origination piece just speaks to the tightening that we've been doing. So again, I just want to make sure that, that point resonates with everyone.
Jon Daniels: Okay. And then I'll touch on your last question. I think you spoke about the subprime. So let's just talk about the different pockets. And again, it's more of a continuous rather than this sort of discrete the way I'll describe it. But the Tier 1 book of business, obviously, we've cited that is our bread and butter. That is where we have operated historically. It has been that 2% to 2.5% loss range. Obviously, we're excited about getting more full spectrum. We've operated in the Tier 3 space we've said certainly a higher loss level. It's been way back in the day, it was maybe 1% of our portfolio, but 10% of our losses. So you can do the math there on loss level you'd expect. And then Tier 2 is somewhere in between at different continuum. So when we look at a higher delinquency book, it is something that we manage. We believe it's highly profitable. We provide a great credit offer to the customer. I think for an earlier question, we'll go in that space when we think it makes sense and with the volume it makes sense, we're just excited for the flexibility to be able to do it, have the models that we're going to own to be able to do it. And again, we think it's just good business to be a part of.
Scot Ciccarelli: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Pierce with Needham. Please go ahead.
Chris Pierce: Hey, good morning. Just two questions. Do you think CDK helped the comp at all in the quarter given more independent dealers kind of rely on their software suite? And then other gross margins. You called out some -- we've seen headwinds, you called out some tailwinds. I just want the right way to kind of think what the pieces going forward?
Bill Nash: Okay. On the CDK, look, I don't think it really had any material impact. I think a lot of dealers had some workarounds plus, if I just look at our comp cadence through the quarter, it got better each month. So August was over July, and I think CDK kind of worked itself out through that point. So that's why I just don't think it had a material impact. And then what was your second question?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Other gross margin.
Chris Pierce: Other gross margins, yes, it's been trending quite positively. And then we had the EPP tailwinds, but you called out some equipment headwinds I just want to kind of the right way to think about it, if I heard that right.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. No, absolutely. So for other margins, look, we are really pleased with our performance and other gross margin rose by $36 million this quarter. That's a 33% year-over-year increase really driven by two components, right? Service continues to see year-over-year improvements which we committed to at the beginning of the year. I expect to continue to see that improvement in the back half of the year. It is somewhat governed by sales, given the leverage deleverage nature. But all things being equal, I would expect to see continued improvement year-over-year. And for EPP, we just, again, continue to see improvement. I'd expect to see that because it's really margin that we took earlier periods. And so I'd expect to see that increase in Q3. And then in Q4, we're going to start comping over some of the margin testing that we've done in the previous year. Nevertheless, but still expect to see some favorability year-over-year. So we're bullish on our other margin performance. In relation to -- in my prepared remarks, I talked about a potentially -- there may be up to $10 million impact, that would not be in gross margin, that would be in other income and expense, so non-gross margin, non-SG&A impact. And that's really just taking -- potentially taking a charge on as we optimize our logistics network we took a look at the associate side, we got to take a look at the truck side as well. So we need to make sure that we have the right amount of trucks ourselves that our dedicated partners also have the right amount of trucks and we expect that there may be a charge-off there, but we're still working through that. And that would be a onetime hit. So just wanted to call that out for the third or fourth quarter.
Chris Pierce: Perfect. And then just one last one. We've seen strength in the wholesale market kind of non-seasonal strength. I don't think used car retailers have much pricing power right now. So how should we think about GPUs from here? Could there be modest GPU compression around that? Or am I overreading into a month of strength in the wholesale market?
Bill Nash: You mean are we thinking that our GPU would come under strain going forward? Is that the question?
Chris Pierce: Yes, it's been -- it's cost to used car dealers more to buy cars in the wholesale market and pricing power is sort of limited right now based on where we're at as far as affordability.
Bill Nash: Yes. Look, our self-sufficiency when you look at what we're buying through the appraisal lane and through dealers is well over 70%. I think that plays a lot into our ability to get supply. I feel great about our own wholesale business. The team is doing a phenomenal job. If I look at -- and this probably speaks to your point, I look at the -- how many dealers are for every car, that continues to improve, which obviously helps us continue to manage margin be able to off the customers as much as possible for their vehicles. So again, I think some of the concerns on the supply side again, we just have not -- because of our self-sufficiency so high, we just have not had an issue.
Chris Pierce: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Ian Davis: Hey guys. This is Ian Davis on for Chris. Thanks for taking the question. Another one on credit, but hopefully a little bit more high level. One of your peers, online peers has been able to meaningfully expand their credit penetration at a level that we would estimate to be in the mid-80s versus your low-70s today? So acknowledging some of the conditions in the current environment that you've alluded to previously, what are the constraints that prevent you from getting to those levels today? And maybe what could you tell us about the makeup of the other 30% of customers that aren't procuring financing from CarMax for your lending partners?
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. I mean, I think speaking to us specifically, and I'll just break down our penetration. Again, we are looking to be a full spectrum lender, provide all customers' availability to credit. So we think that's why we have many lenders in our platform that have been there a long time, and we think we provide great credit offers across the credit spectrum. We're not trying to focus on a lower end, the middle-end to high-end, we want to provide it to all customers. And so therefore, we have additional lenders. Everybody has -- is going to benefit from CarMax. Our partner lenders want volume as well. We have volume. We know there's opportunity potentially to grow our volume, but we're looking to provide great offers to all customers within the credit spectrum. That's just an overarching goal of ours. With regard to the -- what prevents CAF from growing meaningfully, I think we've decided we're very excited about the ability to choose to grow when it makes sense. But again, we're not going to target one particular pocket. We want to make sure we're making offers across Tier 2, across Tier 3, but staying true to who we are in Tier 1, that is what we do. So that's specifically to CAF. You asked the question about those not procuring finance from CarMax and using a third-party. Again, those customers are absolutely going to be your higher end consumer. It's going to be those that are going to come down and put cash right down, because they don't want to pay higher interest rates that are out there in this environment. They are affiliated with the credit union, who absolutely is operating at a cost of fund advantage. So they're very rate sensitive. And those are folks that we try to compete with a CAF, but sometimes it's an environment where it's difficult to do so. And as long as we are looking to sell cars to those consumers and focusing on those consumers, which we are, we are going to have percentage of volume, in this case, it's maybe a little more outsized more than 30% this quarter of using external financing. That will shrink as the low rank consumer comes back. We believe that 100%, because they will, again, increase their size of the pie, thus lowering the non-finance side of the pie. So a lot in that answer, a lot of your question, I want to make sure I captured it holistically.
Ian Davis: Yes.
Bill Nash: Yes, I'm going to add a little bit more to that answer, which is, look, we could absolutely go there tomorrow. We would just limit the number of partners, we wouldn't allow three-day payoffs, but in reality, when you sell this many cars to the wide spectrum, especially your rate-sensitive customers, having more partners for lots of reasons is a great thing. Now do we have an opportunity to continue to increase our penetration? Absolutely. And we absolutely will over time. But I think you have to do it in a thoughtful way, especially as your volume grows.
Ian Davis: Got it. Really appreciate the answers from both of you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from John Healy with North Coast Research. Please go ahead.
John Healy: Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask just one big picture type question. You guys have talked about doing some things on the logistics side, which kind of gets you to where you want to be? But I haven't heard a lot of talk about the recon side of things. And I was just curious if you could address that if you're kind of happy with the state and approach to reconditioning and the ability to get a solid margin out of the business? Or are you maybe rethinking or retooling some things there in the background? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, John. I mean, look, this is an area of focus. I talked about it last quarter. I mentioned it in the remarks just high level. I didn't give any specific examples, but I feel great about the initiatives that we're doing on the reconditioning side. The difference between reconditioning and logistics is reconditioning is going to be a lot of little things adding up. So think about -- we're seeing some great improvements in some part utilization, whether it's OEM, non-OEM, when to replace, not to replace. We've got bringing some stuff in-house to not subletting as much, better capacity utilization, outlier store performance, with improvements time frame. There's a lot of things that will add up to some of the internal goals that we've talked about. And quite honestly, last quarter, I said, look, we're going after a couple of $100 between reconditioning and logistics, which that's not insignificant. And obviously, as you realize that you then have the luxury of deciding what to do with it, pass it on to customers or take it to margin. So we feel good about our progress there. on both fronts, whether it's logistics or it's in the reconditioning and both of which we're going to continue to get things over the next year from a benefit standpoint.
John Healy: Got it. And just one initial question for me. I think ad expense, advertising expense was actually down year-over-year for you guys and the comps were up. So just kind of wondering if there was some timing thing there or if you guys are maybe holding back or changing the way you're thinking about ad spending? Thanks.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. No, it was purely timing. If you look at the first half of the year, we're pretty much on course for what we had communicated was the target for the year. And so the first half of the year, I expect it's going to be similar to the back half in terms of the per total unit spend. So it was purely some timing in the second quarter.
John Healy: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our next question from David Whiston with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to go back to that explanation on the other financing channel. You said that they're very interest rate sensitive consumers, but you also said that they're more able to pay cash. So are most buyers in that bucket? Are they more budget conscious or are they more wealthy or unable to pay cash? In other words, are they borrowing more? Or are they just more cash buyers?
Jon Daniels: Yes, that consumer typically is definitely our higher-end consumer. Again, they're coming in with the affinity check with their bank or their credit union, but generally a very rate-sensitive consumer, but absolutely, a majority of that is cash. It's in cash in some form. It may be TrueCash. It may be home equity loan. It may be personal loan, but those are people that have -- generally have the wherewithal to not pay higher interest rates that are out there today. And you'll find people that are going to do that in all interest rate environments, but especially in this environment, it's cash users highly rate sensitive.
David Whiston: Okay. And on capital allocation, do you see buybacks continuing? Or are you feeling more cautious given the declines in credit quality?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: I'm feeling like we're on the pace that we communicated, and I would expect to continue to see that pace for the balance of the year.
David Whiston: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'm showing no further questions in queue. I'll turn the call back to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Todd. Listen, I want to thank everybody for joining the call and your questions and your support, obviously. We feel good about our progress. Also, I just want to share my thoughts are definitely with our associates and their families and the communities as Hurricane Helene approach is we have a number of stores in the storm's path, and as always, the safety of our associates is our top priority to those associates and everyone that's been impacted, please stay safe, and we will talk again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the second quarter fiscal year 2025 earnings release conference call. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-06-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q1 Quarter Fiscal Year 2025, CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded and I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Lowenstein, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein : Thank you, Savannah. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our Fiscal 2025 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance operations. Let me remind you, our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the company's future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations, and assumptions and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K filed with the SEC this morning and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024, previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Department at 804-747-0422, extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. During the quarter, we saw continued positive trends, including year-over-year price declines, improvement in vehicle value stability, and ongoing growth in upper funnel demand. We're encouraged by what we are seeing and are continuing to strengthen our business by delivering associate and customer wins that are differentiated and durable. In the first quarter, we delivered strong retail and wholesale GPUs and grew EPP margins. We sourced approximately 35,000 vehicles from dealers an all-time record. We increased used-saleable inventory units 5% year-over-year, while decreasing used total inventory units 4%. We grew CAF income 7% year-over-year under tightened lending standards and post-quarter end we launched our first non-prime securitization deal. We continued to actively manage our SG&A, and we repurchased over $100 million in shares. For the first quarter of FY ’25, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $7.1 billion, down 7% compared to last year, reflecting lower retail and wholesale volume and prices. In our retail business, total unit sales declined 3.1% and average selling price declined approximately $700 per unit or 3% year-over-year. Used unit comps were down 3.8% and we saw comp performance strengthen in the back half of the first quarter. First quarter retail gross profit per used unit was $2,347 in-line with last year's $2,361. Wholesale units sales were down 8.3% versus the first quarter last year as the industry experienced lower seasonal appreciation year-over-year. Average selling price defined approximately $900 per unit or 10%. Wholesale gross profit per unit was a first quarter record of $1,064 up from $1,042 a year ago. We bought approximately 314,000 vehicles during the quarter, down 9% from last year. The appreciation dynamics that I just mentioned impacted our overall buys as well. We purchased approximately 279,000 vehicles from consumers with slightly more than half of those buys coming through our online instant appraisal experience. With the support of our Edmund sales team, we sourced the remaining approximately 35,000 vehicles through dealers, up 70% from last year. For our first quarter online metrics, approximately 14% of retail unit sales were online consistent with last year. We continue to see ongoing adoption of our omnichannel retail experience, approximately 57% of retail unit sales were Omni sales this quarter, up from 54% in the prior year. Total revenue from online transactions was approximately 30% in-line with last year. All of our first quarter wholesale auctions and sales were virtual and are considered online transactions which represent 18% of total revenue for the quarter. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $147 million up 7% from the same period last year. In a few minutes, John will provide more detail on customer financing, the loan loss provision, CAF contribution, and our progress in becoming a full spectrum, full credit spectrum lender, which enables incremental growth in financing income. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our first quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora : Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill noted, we drove strong per unit margins this quarter for both used and wholesale. We also delivered growth and other gross profit margins and CAF contributions, while staying focused on managing SG&A. First quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.97 versus $1.44 a year ago. As a reminder, last year's quarter had a benefit of $59 million, which translates to a $0.28 per share from a legal settlements. Total gross profit was $792 million, down 3% from last year's first quarter. Used retail margin of $495 million declined by 4% with lower volume and relatively flat per unit margins. Wholesale vehicle margin of $157 million declined by 6% with lower volumes partially offset by higher per unit margins. Other gross profit was $139 million, up 3% from a year ago. This was driven by an $8 million increase in EPP. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter of FY’24, we tested raising MaxCare margins per contract, which drove overall product profitability despite a lower product penetration rate. With that, we rolled out the margin increases in late Q4 FY’24. [CAF] (ph) delivered $3 million in margin, flat with last year's first quarter. Performance was primarily supported by efficiency and cost coverage measures, offset by deleverage due to lower year-over-year sales in the quarter, as well as by timing. We expect year-over-year improvement for the balance of the year as governed by sales performance given the leverage, deleverage nature of service. On the SG&A front, expenses for the first quarter were $639 million up 3% or $19 million. From the prior year's quarter, when excluding the benefit from the $59 million legal settlement received during the first quarter of FY '24. Also pressuring SG&A this quarter was approximately $22 million of expense from share based compensation for certain retirement eligible executives and the lapping of favorable reserve adjustments related to non-CAF uncollectible receivables during last year's first quarter. Excluding these items, which we noted in our FY '24 year-end call, SG&A total dollars were down year-over-year in the first quarter due to our continued discipline in spend levels. SG&A dollars for the first quarter were mainly impacted by two additional factors. First, other overhead increased by $6 million when excluding last year's favorable legal settlement. Continued year-over-year favorability in non-CAF uncollectible receivables was more than offset by lapping over last year's first quarter favorable reserve adjustment. Second, total compensation and benefits, excluding share-based compensation expense, decreased by $3 million, mostly driven by our ongoing focus on efficiency in stores and CECs. Regarding capital allocation. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares for a total spend of $104 million, which was an acceleration in the pace from the repurchase levels in the second half of fiscal year '24. As of the end of the quarter, we had approximately $2.3 billion of repurchase authorization remaining. In the first quarter, we also paid off our $300 million floating rate term loan, which was scheduled to mature in early June. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. During the first quarter CarMax Auto Finance originated approximately $2.3 billion, resulting in sales penetration of 43.3% net of three-day payoffs, which was up 60 basis points from last year's first quarter. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 11.4%, an increase of 30 basis points from a year ago. Partner Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was 18.7%, down from 20.4% observed last year. Partner Tier 3 volume accounted for 7.5% of sales, up from 6.7% compared to last year, as our partners improved offers were in place for the entirety of the first quarter. Both tiers saw less application volume year-over-year as lower credit customers remain challenged with affordability. Also impacting each of these year-over-year results, but to a lesser degree, is CAF's continued decreased volume in Tier 3, as well as the increased test volume in Tier 2. CAF income for the quarter was $147 million, up $10 million from the same period last year, primarily driven by an increase in total interest margin. Note, fair market value adjustments from our hedging strategy accounted for $3 million in expense this quarter versus $9 million in expense during last year's first quarter. The net interest margin percentage for the quarter was 6.2%, up from last quarter, but in-line with our expected level of near 6%. The provision for loan losses was flat to last year $81 million and resulted in a reserve balance of $493 million or 2.79% of receivables compared to 2.78% at the end of last quarter. CAF's continued investment in the Tier 2 space, offset by the previously implemented tightening in Tier 1, contributed to a consistent reserve to receivable ratio. As was highlighted last quarter, CAF has been building the capability and infrastructure to scale its participation across all credit tiers. First, CAF has leveraged its learning in Tier 2, along with its experience operating in both Tiers 1 and 3 to develop a new full-spectrum underwriting model, which we will begin to test in the second quarter. From a funding perspective, we plan to expand our current asset-backed securitization program from a single platform to one that more broadly incorporates CAF’s receivables across distinct prime and non-prime segments. We believe this will allow us to better align our offering with each investor base and ultimately generate added funding capacity. To that end, our first non-prime ABS transaction is currently in the market with $625 million of offered notes. Having the ability to both successfully decision and efficiently fund the entirety of the credit spectrum at scale puts CAF in a strategic position to further complement our full roster of lending partners, while also driving additional finance income for the business. Now I will turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. As I mentioned earlier, we are encouraged by the positive trends we are seeing in pricing and vehicle value stability. I am proud of the durable actions we have been taking to support our business and further differentiate our offering, which are setting us up for continued improvements in our performance and future growth. Some examples include; we've expanded our vehicle sourcing capabilities by attracting more dealers to MaxOffer through product enhancements that make it even easier to use. We achieved record sourcing volume each month of the quarter and are excited about launching this capability in New York during the second quarter. We've increased used saleable inventory units while lowering total used inventory units through [with production] (ph) from new title management capabilities and focused inventory management in non-production stores. We have enhanced CAF’s ability to become a full spectrum lender, which positions us to further grow CAF income over time. We've raised our EPP margins and improved service gross profit. We have achieved efficiency gains in our stores and CECs that will scale very well as we buy and sell more cars. We have launched a number of EV research tools through Edmunds to help educate and build trust with consumers. We've also established test stores in California to evaluate new capabilities that support our operational readiness for increased EV sales and also enhance the customer experience. Finally, we have continued to further enhance our omni-channel capabilities we are rolling out our new order processing system to our stores and plan for it to be available nationwide later this year. The system helps associates guide customers through each step of the buying journey and provides a more seamless experience for consumers who prefer to blend self-progression with assistance from associates. In addition to these actions, we are focused on driving down cost of goods sold by pursuing incremental efficiency opportunities that we've identified across our logistics network and reconditioning operations. For logistics, we are testing a transportation management system that dispatches moves through a centralized team. The system automates communication between drivers and stores and provides new planning and execution capabilities. For reconditioning, we've identified opportunities to reduce costs such as parts acquisition, bringing elements of sublet work in-house and optimizing production workflow. In addition, we believe that balancing production capacity across our stores and stand-alone reconditioning centers, will drive further efficiencies and potentially enable us to take on more MaxCare work over time. All of these actions continue to make a stronger, better position to support consumers and fuel our excitement about our future growth in sales and profitability. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Savanna?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from John Healy with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
John Healy: Thank you. Bill, I'd love to just kind of start with the top of the funnel for you guys just on same-store sales. I think you mentioned that comp trends improved as we move through Q1. And would just love to get your thoughts on maybe how those improved and maybe what you're seeing now? And just as a follow-up to that, how do you answer the share question because I think that's the biggest one investors bring up is we see these numbers for CarMax, but how do you feel you guys are performing in the market versus peers? And if there is a delta, how do you explain that delta? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Thank you, John. On your first question, I think what you're asking is basically kind of comp cadence. So again if you go back to the fourth quarter, we -- the last call we did halfway through the quarter, we were running mid-single-digit negative comps. Obviously the back half of the quarter was better than the first half of the quarter which we were encouraged by. And then if you look at June month to-date for the new quarter, we also continue -- we continue to see some improved performance, and we're actually running slightly positive comp June month to date. So we're encouraged to see this continued improvement there. As far as market share data, if we look at the first three calendar months of the year, which we had the title data four, we are higher in the first calendar quarter of '24 than we were in the fourth quarter of calendar 2023. We were also similar to where we were last year in the first quarter -- calendar quarter. And just to remind you, the last two fourth quarters, we've seen big price corrections. And so that's -- this one was similar. We kind of bottomed out December, we're coming back up. It looks like we are coming up about the same rate as we did last year. So year-over-year market share is fairly similar. On the market share, look there is a lot of volatility there on short periods. And barring any other big price correction, my plan is not necessarily talk about the market share again until the end of the year, because already we are seeing -- we got some markets that are up, some markets that are down. I think looking over the longer period of time is the way to really look at it. So again, I'll update this again at the end of the year unless we see some big macro factor that's having an outsized impact on it. But we feel good about the trends.
John Healy: Thank you guys.
Bill Nash: Thanks John.
Operator: Our next question will come from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Hi, thanks a lot. And good morning. My multipart questions on cash. First, looking at the loss trends and your reserves, we continue to see losses increase in your securitized portfolio, your reserves looked a little bit light. Do you think that you're going to have to reserve more aggressively if the loss trends continue? And then secondly, how quickly can you ramp Tier 2 and Tier 3 lending, as you now have a non-prime securitization program?
Jon Daniels: Yes, I appreciate the question, Seth. So with regard to losses and delinquencies within the quarter, I would say largely, we were very much in-line with what we expected for the quarter. And I think that's reflected in the provision year-over-year is basically flat. If you look at our reserved receivable ratio flat sequentially. Certainly we published data on a quarterly basis. Remember, that's roughly 60% of our portfolio. But again, the trends there are as expected -- and bear in mind, in the quarter -- this quarter is typically a high volume quarter, so your actual provision will typically be higher because you've originated more and it's typically a lower credit quality quarter because of tax time as well, so I'll add that. But for the most part, a non-event for us from a delinquency and losses as it was right in-line with our expectations. To your second question, how quickly can we ramp the Tier 2 and Tier 3 volume. I think the easier way to answer that is kind of let us anchor to what we originate today. So 43% of sales, give or take in any given point is largely what we are doing today. The vast majority clearly is in Tier 1. In Tier 3, we've been historically larger, but we are at a small piece because we are really investing in Tier 2 and trying to understand that. It is in the higher portion of Tier 2. We are really excited about our non-prime securitization program. We think that's truly going to enable growth both in the lower end of the credit spectrum for us, to take a larger percentage of sales, but also to expand what we do in the higher end in what we call our higher prime segment. So we are looking forward to that. Now as far as ramping and the timing of the ramp, I would say in the near-term, maybe for the balance of the year, we are going to continue to just learn about the Tier 2 space. We are going to roll out our new models -- sorry, test our new models in the quarter. We are going to begin to learn about the entirety of the Tier 2 spectrum. And that will take some time. And as we grow that, we will certainly let folks know. But beyond that, we do think there is room for us to grow beyond 43%. Will it be 45%, 47%, 50%, remains to be seen the timing of how much and when, but we do believe it is substantial, but probably not doing much more than what we're doing today for the balance of the year.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: I do think longer term as well, when you assess when you think about funding capacity, do you think us entering into this market, which we are really excited about, it is probably another $2 billion to $3 billion worth of funding capacity that we are going to give ourselves when you think about how deep we can eventually go over time. So this is a really exciting program, and we expect to drive our financing income incrementally moving forward.
Seth Basham: Absolutely. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Bellinger with Mizuho.
David Bellinger: Hi, great. Thanks for taking my question. It's on the expense side. So if you look at the ad spend per total unit, I think that was up about 5% year-over-year compares to your guidance for flattish. Maybe just walk us through any changes you are seeing there on the ad spend line. And just overall, how we should think about SG&A dollars in Q2 and over the balance of the year?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks for the question. I would tell you that's pretty benign, right? I think quarter-to-quarter, it's going to be plus here, a little bit negative here on the total unit basis, which is again, how we manage our total advertising spend. So I wouldn't look at that as anything other than just kind of quarter-to-quarter fluctuations, but we are committed to managing to add roughly $200 per total unit for the balance of the year -- for the entire year, I should say.
Bill Nash: SG&A on the rest of the year.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: For the rest of the year -- sorry, can you repeat the question again?
David Bellinger: Yes. And just the second part is overall SG&A expense dollars. Just how should we think about that level through the balance of the year?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I think for the entire year, we are really focused in the first quarter, we are really proud of the fact that once you back out some of the noise that I spoke to, we were actually down SG&A year-over-year. I’d expect that for the balance of the year, that is going to be a little bit more challenging from a total dollar standpoint, but what I'll reemphasize here is what we are focused on. And what we're focused on is putting ourselves in a position through active cost management to be able to lever on low single-digit gross profit growth. And that's really what we're focused on. And so when you look at where we've been for the past several years in our heavy investment phase, that is a different story, right? And it really speaks to us migrating more to a little bit more of a fixed cost structure and an ability to lever when sales roll around which they will. And so that's how we think about our ability to leverage moving forward.
David Bellinger: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Brian Nagel: A couple of questions. I'll lump them together. The first, just with regard to the -- this first non-prime securitization. I think it's a follow-up to Seth's question before. But as we think about this development, I mean, how -- what are the ramifications, longer term for CarMax. Is this going to be a potential vehicle to drive better share, better profitability, both. I mean again, how should we think about the model [question] (ph) now with this capability? And then my second question, unrelated. You keep calling out the sourcing vehicles from dealers. I guess the question is the sustainability of that and just also the potential positives for margins or other sourcing. Thanks.
Jon Daniels: Thank you, Brian. I appreciate the question. I'll take the first one with regard to the non-prime securitization. Yes, I'm going to continue to anchor us to this kind of 43% of sales, as mentioned, we think there is some substantive volume that we can take above that. And the best way to kind of give orders of magnitude of the value, the long-term value here is we see it under the current financial situation, the current economics for every one point of sales that we can grab we think that can drive $10 million to $12 million worth of value to CarMax. Now bear in mind, that doesn't start day one when you begin to add that volume. Initially, you originate additional volume, you need to provision for loan losses, but eventually it becomes accretive. And once you get to steady state, that's where I'm referring to the $10 million to $12 million. So as you can imagine, as you tackle on additional points, you tackle on additional value for CarMax. And in the long run, we think it is very substantial and something we are looking forward to going after.
Bill Nash: Yes. And as far as the second part of your question, Brian, on dealer sourcing, look we're all about sourcing vehicles wherever we can find them. And traditionally, for us we've been sourcing them through consumers. And then what we don't get from consumers we've been buying it off-site auctions. This is just another step to diversify. We buy consumers. We can buy directly from dealers. And the ones that we're buying for dealers, the bulk of the -- it's a little different that we bought to consumers. The majority of those are -- there's a higher percentage of retail cars that we're buying from dealers. So while they are not as profitable as the ones we bought from consumers, they're certainly more profitable than one we have to go off-site for. So we are encouraged by it. We think it's -- this is an area that we can continue to grow. We're getting great responses from the dealers. We've made some improvements to the platform, which I think is part of why you are seeing this continued demand. And if I look at a year ago versus now, we've -- the dealers that are actively using it have bumped up, let's call it, roughly 50% in the last year, and we really haven't added -- I mean, we added a few more markets, but really haven't added that many more markets. So we're encouraged by it.
Brian Nagel : Thanks guys. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess it's kind of on the improvement in sales you've been seeing. I mean do you think that broader industry dynamics, do you think there's something operationally you are doing I know obviously, at the top of the funnel is increasing conversion has been down a little bit. Is that starting to improve for you? And if so, kind of where and why? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes. Thank you for the question, Sharon. Look, I think it is a combination of things. I think it reflects on just some of the continued work that we are doing internally, but it's also look vehicle prices, even though they were up quarter-over-quarter, they're always up from the fourth to the first, they were down $700 year-over-year. So we are seeing vehicle values be a little bit more stable. If you look at depreciation trends, for example, -- if you look at the last two years, they're all over the board from appreciation to depreciation and they are steep both ways. This year is a little bit more what I’d call normal, although there is a difference in the first quarter last year, just to expand on some of my comments earlier. Last year, we saw appreciation kind of in this first time period of the year of about $2,500. And then we saw about $1,100 depreciation this year. We only went up about $1,000 and then kind of flat by the end of the quarter. So you have a little bit of year-over-year dynamics. But again just the value stability that's nice. I mean we've always worked in an environment where there is been appreciation, depreciation, what's more impacted us the last 1.5 years, 2 years is these big price corrections. So I think it is a combination of factors.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Bill, I just had a question on strategy and operations. I think like you can all see like the factual data on the unit comps, in the market share. It's not where CarMax used to be historically. And if you look at your margins and like the EBITDA per unit, as you exclude the one-time items this quarter, they have not changed or improved. So I'm curious if you think the current strategy that you have around sourcing, the impact omni-channel has had on your in-store culture? Is all of that still the right approach. Or do you think something needs to change? Or are we just waiting for the industry backdrop to improve for CarMax to do better on all these metrics, especially when some of the public peers are doing better? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes, Rajat. Look I feel great about the strategy. I feel great about all the things that you talked about. I think what's really been the story for us particularly is really what you've seen over the last 1.5 years, and it's been more about these big price corrections. And what's going on in the market, the fact that we sell a late model, high-quality car from an affordability standpoint. So if you look at the data, you are seeing more 10-plus year old cars being sold here in the last two years. I think that's even the same case for the first calendar quarter. So I think the impact on the business have been more macro related, but we certainly have not been sitting here waiting for them to get better. We've been making ourselves stronger. And I think those dividends will continue to come back. They'll pay dividends as we go forward as sales come back. I mean keep in mind, last year I think the total used cars exchange was $35.5 million. It is typically north of $40 million. And the most impacted share of that group is the less than six year old. And again, it goes back to the affordability. So we feel great about our strategy. We feel great about the durable actions I told you that we've taken, which will continue to give us benefits as we go forward.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yeah. I do think it's important to point out as well, and Bill talked about it in his prepared remarks. Going after aggressively going after reconditioning costs, going after logistics costs and bringing those down. Those are material items moving forward that we anticipate that can support sales that can support margin, both of those items. So we're excited about those. So Rajat, it is a matter of aggressive also going after what we can control, and we can control that.
Bill Nash: The only other thing I would add to that, Rajat is when you go through experiences like this, you want to be a better, stronger company. So if this was to happen again in the future, what might you do different. And some of the things we've already talked about, the -- expanding our sourcing, Enrique just talked about really focusing on the cost of goods sold. Jon has talked about the financing. I actually think the financing, not only is it going to allow us to grow CAF income, I think there is an opportunity to actually grow units because I think there's little pockets that maybe our partners aren't picking up that we think are actually good little pockets that we can now do. I think the work that we've done on the variable cost for example. A lot of those factors, the EPP, the increase net, all those factors also enter into the equation on elasticity when it comes to measuring like should we lower prices, should we keep the prices the same. So again, I think we've learned a lot. We've made a lot of improvements. So if the situation has to happen together, we have more tools in our tool chest.
Rajat Gupta: Maybe just like on the June commentary, I mean is it fair to expect that the positive trends you're seeing should only get better through the course of the quarter? Or is there some monthly seasonality or comps to keep in mind there? Thanks.
Bill Nash: No, look, we are encouraged by the -- really the trend since the second half of the first quarter. Like I said, it is even continued into June. So we are encouraged by that, and we are going to keep getting after it. So I don't have a crystal ball to tell you exactly what's going to happen this year, but we feel good about the trajectory.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Bill, you mentioned some cost of goods sold initiatives related to logistics and reconditioning. Do you expect those savings to flow through to the bottom-line or to drive lower prices? And then is there any way for you to quantify the per unit impact of those initiatives?
Bill Nash: Yes. Great questions, Craig. And yes, we are -- from a quantification standpoint, look I think we have a couple of hundred bucks per unit per retail unit that we are going after over the next year or two between reconditioning and logistics. So as you know, that's not insignificant at all. And we are excited about it. It is not going to hit day one tomorrow. But across the two, we feel like there is kind of that amount of opportunity there. And then the other part of your question.
Craig Kennison: Do you expect that to hit the bottom-line? Or is that something --.
Bill Nash: Yes. So what I would tell you is, I mean, obviously, you have a decision to make when you start to pull that in. As I sit here right now, I'd say look, we'd probably flow that through in the form of pricing. But certainly you have decisions to make as you realize some of those efficiencies.
Craig Kennison: Why -- I guess just a follow up, why not take if your prices are competitive today, why not take those efficiencies to the bottom-line.
Bill Nash: Well, again, you have decisions to make. And again we will be looking at the affordability. We'll be looking at elasticity. There's lots of – it is hard for me to say what the situation is going to look like once we get there because there is a lot of factors that play into that. We may take some of it. We may take -- in the past, I mean, you've followed us long enough, at one point when we picked up some reconditioning savings, we took them to the bottom-line. But a lot of the years since then, we've been passing along and it helps us just manage overall margin that helps manage the price. So I just think there is a lot that goes into the equation that we'll have to look at that point in time.
Craig Kennison: Yeah, make sense Bill. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: So first, I just wanted to follow up that last question actually. Can you elaborate more on the parts acquisition? That sounds pretty material. Are you going direct to vendor and is sourcing yourself? Or are you asking your retail partners to reduce pricing. And then I have a question on credit. I know I'm breaking David’s rule, I apologize. I hope I'm not doing intentionally, sorry. But the prospectus on new non-prime securitization would suggest there is $5 billion of this type of receivable. How does that $5 billion legacy portfolio that's behind that securization, how does that differ between Tier 2? Like is Tier 2 just like a higher CNL than the legacy 5? Can you just elaborate like how this is different and [where is this going] (ph)? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Sure, Chris. Well, first of all, breaking Davi’s Rule, you're the only one that apologize and everybody has broken it up to this point. So we forgive you. The first part of the question I'll answer, and I'll pass it over to Jon on the [non-prime] (ph). So look, we've got unbelievable part partners. Parts partners have been around for a long time. So where we have national relationships with. So that's been great. We just see that there's some parts optimization internally that we can do better on and which parts we are getting from which source and which parts are being applied and not being applied. So that's just one of many things that we're working on. But I don't want you to come away. I think we had this we don't have good partners or whatever because we do, we have great national relationships, and we're pleased with those partners. We just think we can do a better job optimizing the parts so. Jon?
Jon Daniels: Yes. I appreciate the question, Chris. So if we think about the legacy $5 billion you referred to, if I look at kind of our overall portfolio or what we originate across our 43% again, we've historically operated our current program. The vast majority of that has been Tier 1 that we are putting into the current ABS program. If we think about that -- those receivables, we are going to basically split that and we are going to create a higher prime program, which is going to target, again we think a different investor base, really give us scale across what we would consider the higher portion of those historically securitized receivables. And then we dropped down the residual there, including -- and then add to that, the Tier 2 and the Tier 3 volume that we have not historically securitized, will be able to be lumped together into this non-prime program. So that's how you think about what we originate today. If you think about what we might go after in the future, there are small pockets of Tier 1 that we've tightened in today that we would be able to capture back, and we are always looking to do that. But then if you look at the entirety of Tier 2 and Tier 3, call that today, it is 27% of sales. That is a wide spectrum in all honesty, across that 27%. And so we think that there is volume being captured across all of that, and we will figure out what the right spot to be in is. So -- but again, this will enable us to grow down there. Now the last thing I'd want to make a point on is our partners have enjoyed that volume, and we love that they enjoy that volume. We anticipate selling a lot of cars in the future, and we want our partners right there with us along for the ride. So we will go after some of that volume in the -- in that Tier 2 and that Tier 3 space. We don't want it all, but we do think there is opportunity to grow there. So hopefully, that broad answers your question.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: I would just add said one thing, Chris. I think a general way to think about that split in the program between high prime and non-prime from a FICO perspective, I think of the non-prime is less than [$650 million] (ph) and then the high prime is greater than [$650 million] (ph), just a general way to think about the two pools.
Chris Bottiglieri: Gotcha. Okay. Thank you for all the help. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys. Bill, I know you've had a couple of different questions on market share, but I'm going to try to swing out a little bit differently here. From the outside, I guess, we can see growth rates of Carvana and the public dealers -- given your commentary earlier on mix, do you think it is your mix of late-model product, that's kind of the key driver to the relative growth rates that we are seeing? Or could there be other factors at play, whether it is credit approvals or something else?
Bill Nash: No, Scott. I think the biggest factor is really coming off that big price correction at the end of the calendar year last year. Remember, we hold our margins obviously, it is a highly fragmented market. There is lots of folks that don't hold their margins. They are getting rid of the inventory. So I think that's been a big factor most recently in the drop in the fourth quarter and now as we are starting to climb back out. But certainly, I think beyond that -- look as I said earlier, I think there's more cars that are being sold, for example that are 10 years and older, and that is just not a space that we really do anything. And I think the other thing is our bread and butter has always been kind of 0 to 4. That's probably 70% of historically what our sales are. And that's been an expensive ticket for folks. And so there -- we've seen people migrate down. We've seen like throughout the last couple of years, when you look at credit apps, people are looking for a little bit cheaper car, and that's across all the credit spectrum. So I think, there is a combination of things that are going on. And the other thing is we are just not going to -- we've spent 30 years making sure that we have a high-quality product, and we want to maintain that high-quality product. And so we understand that there is going to be some consumers that have traded down. So I think it is a combination of things.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Can I ask a follow-up. Where is -- when you look across your markets, I know historically the older management team used to refer to kind of 10% market share in certain markets like -- what is your highest market share in a specific market, just so we can kind of compare the 4% average to it?
Bill Nash: Yes. So we're -- our highest markets are over 10% still. And when we -- and I've talked about this in the past, when we rolled out on the originally in '20. We looked at those 15 oldest markets. And we actually saw a nice little acceleration in market share. Obviously, they grow a lot slower than the younger stores. But I don't know where the top end of that is, but it is the older ones, they're over double digits, over 10%.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Thanks guys.
Bill Nash : Thank you Scott.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Pierce with Needham. Please go ahead.
Chris Pierce: Can you talk about supply? I know we are seeing commercial vehicles at auction kind of grow year-over-year with more growth ahead. But is that the supply of cars that you need to come back that will help the overall share of newer cars in the market, gain share versus older share -- older cars and that helps you sort of gain share? Like what are you seeing from a supply perspective?
Bill Nash: Yes -- and a lot has been written and folks saying that we have a supply problem. And the reality is we are not having a problem sourcing the cars. If there is any impact on supply or from supply, it's just that it goes into the overall affordability question, but we can get to supply. Now having said that, I think it's great that the SAAR continues to go up. I think the most recent number I saw was like [15.7%] (ph) eventually, and we've already started to see it, to your point more cars that come into the market, again help bring the price down of the used cars and more specifically, 0 to 4. So I think it is more inventory owners. And I think that is good for the industry. I think it is good for us.
Chris Pierce: Okay. So just -- you're not having problems getting supply, but you're choosing not to source older vehicles, and that's what's sort of hurting the share, but I just want to make sure I'm kind of understanding where supply is going and the supply decisions you are making?
Bill Nash: Yes. So no, I appreciate the clarification because when you asked the question, you were talking more about the supply of I thought later-model cars. If there is any supply issue, it's just if you're looking for an older vehicle, for us we buy lots of older vehicles, but there is only so many of them that you can bring up to the quality standards. So if we have any supply issue at all, it would be more in the older vehicles that meet the CarMax standards. But again, I mean, we've had roughly one-third of our cars are, let's call it, more than six years old. That is quite up -- it's up a lot from where it was before. But if there's any supply, you'd probably be more in that bucket versus the late model bucket.
Chris Pierce: So just -- is the supply of vehicles that meet the CarMax standard growing? Or has it been flat not changing -- what's the right way to think about the supply vehicle that you're going to retail?
Bill Nash: Yes, I think as we look forward, you look holistically, whether it is an older CarMax vehicle that meets our parameters or younger one, I think the supply is improving just because of with the dynamic that you talked about earlier because the SAAR is continuing to go up, eventually, those cars come in. So and the impact has on us as well prices just start to come down. And I think that's good for the industry, and it's good for us.
Chris Pierce: Okay, thank you for that. I appreciate.
Bill Nash: Thank you Chris.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from David Bellinger with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
David Bellinger: Hi thanks guys. Just another one. Regarding the CDK and the dealer software issues that are pretty widespread right now, does CarMax have any exposure there? Are you seeing any changes in volumes or consumer activity? Just any clarity you can provide on just some of the near-term implications from this widespread issue?
Bill Nash: Yes. it's unfortunate for those dealers because I know there are a lot of them. We do not use CDK as our DMS. It has a small impact on us and the way it has an impact on us is -- we obviously work with a lot of other dealers from a parts standpoint. And if their systems are down, it can slow down parts, there is a little impact on title work as well. But I would say it's just minor in the scheme of things as far as the impact on us.
David Bellinger : Got it. Thank you.
Operator: I'll hand the call back to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Okay. Great. Well, I want to thank -- as always, Jon, I thank all of our associates for everything they do. I also want to thank you all for joining the call today. And just let you know, we just recently published the 2024 responsibility report, and I would encourage all of you to read it. It provides great updates on several of our key initiatives from climate related to the tangible impact we're making on our local communities. I think we're proud. I think it demonstrates our values and how we live. And it also positions us well to drive long-term sustainable value for all of our shareholders. So again, we appreciate your time today and we'll talk again next quarter.
Operator: And this will conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-04-11 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, welcome to the Q4 Fiscal Year 2024 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Lowenstein, AVP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2024 fourth quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance operations. Let me remind you our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the Company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations and assumptions and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K filed with the SEC this morning and our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422 extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We're encouraged by the performance of our business during the fourth quarter. We're continuing to leverage our strongest assets, our associates, capabilities, experience and culture to build momentum as we manage through the cycle. While affordability of used cars remains the challenge for consumers, pricing improved during the quarter. We continue to achieve efficiency improvements in our core operations and believe we are well positioned to drive growth as the market turns. In the fourth quarter, we posted our fifth consecutive quarter of sequential year-over-year retail used unit improvement and reported growth in total used unit sales and comps. We delivered strong retail and wholesale GPUs. We increased used saleable inventory units more than 10%, while holding used total inventory units flat year-over-year. We continue to actively manage our SG&A and we grew CAF income significantly as we delivered a substantial reduction in the provision for loan losses year-over-year, while maintaining stable net interest margins sequentially. For the fourth quarter of FY ‘24, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $5.6 billion, down 2%, compared to last year. This was driven by lower retail and wholesale prices and lower wholesale volume, partially offset by higher retail volume. In our retail business, total unit sales increased 1.3% and used unit comps were up 0.1%. Average selling price declined approximately $600 per unit or 2% year-over-year. Our market share data indicates that our nationwide share of zero to 10-year-old used vehicles declined from 4% in calendar ‘22 to 3.7% in 2023 as we prioritized profitability over near-term market share growth. As always, we continue to test price elasticity to validate our decisions. External title data shows that our market share initially accelerated relative to our performance across the second-half of 2022, but then came under pressure during multiple periods of steep depreciation. We remain confident in our ability to accelerate market share growth as used vehicle affordability continues to improve and as the volatility of vehicle value stabilizes. Fourth quarter retail gross profit per used unit was $2,251, relatively consistent with last year's fourth quarter record of $2,277. Wholesale unit sales were down 4% versus the fourth quarter last year. Average selling prices declined approximately $250 per unit, or 3% year-over-year. Fourth quarter wholesale gross profit per unit was $11.20, slightly down from $1,187 a year ago. As a reminder, last year's fourth quarter wholesale GPU was within $4 of our all-time record and benefited from appreciation and strong dealer demand, particularly at the end of last year's quarter. This prior year appreciation dynamic impacted our year-over-year performance and buys as well. We bought approximately 234,000 vehicles during the quarter, down 11% from last year. Of these vehicles, we purchased approximately 213,000 from consumers, with slightly more than half of those buys coming through our online instant appraisal experience. With the support of our Edmond sales team, we sourced the remaining approximately 21,000 vehicles through dealers up 45% from last year. For our fourth quarter online metrics, approximately 14% of retail unit sales were online consistent with last year. Approximately 55% of retail unit sales were omni sales this quarter, up from 52% in the prior year. All of our fourth quarter wholesale auctions and sales were virtual and are considered online transactions. This represents 17% of total revenue. Total revenue from online transactions was approximately 30% in line with last year. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $147 million, up 19% from $124 million during the same period last year. John will provide more detail on consumer financing, the loan loss provision, and CAF contribution in a few minutes. But at this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our fourth quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill noted, we drove another quarter of sequential improvement in our used unit sales with strong per unit margins for both used and wholesale and strong CAF contribution growth, while staying focused on managing SG&A. With quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.32 versus $0.44 a year ago, last year's quarter benefited from an $0.08 tailwind due to the receipt of Extended Protection Plan, or EPP, profit sharing revenues, as well as $0.04 from a lower tax rate, compared to a more normalized tax rate this quarter. Total gross profit was $586 million, down 4% from last year's fourth quarter. Used retail margin of $387 million was flat, with higher volume partially offset by a slightly lower per-unit margin. Wholesale vehicle margin decreased by 9% to $129 million, with a decrease in volume and per unit margin, compared to last year. Other gross profit was $69 million, down 15% from a year ago. This decrease was driven primarily by last year's receipt of $16 million in profit sharing revenues from our EPP partners. As noted on our third quarter call, we did not expect to receive profit sharing revenues this year as our partners experienced inflationary pressures and consumers returned to more normalized driving patterns. Partially offsetting this dynamic was the positive impact from price elasticity testing on our extended service product. During the quarter, we tested raising MaxCare margins per contract sold, which resulted in a slight decrease in product penetration, while driving overall profitability. We are encouraged by these results, and we have rolled out the margin increase nationally. Our expectation is that this action will drive approximately $20 per retail unit of incremental EPP margin in FY ‘25. Service decreased by $4 million, as compared to last year's fourth quarter. This decrease was primarily driven by wage pressures and planned lower production in the quarter as we pre-built inventory in the third quarter, due to holiday timing. For the full-year service improved by $75 million year-over-year. Our expectation is that we will continue to see significant year-over-year favorability in FY ‘25. The extent of this improvement will be governed by sales performance given the leverage, de-leverage nature of service. Third-party finance fees were down $3 million from a year ago, driven by higher volume in Tier 3 for which we pay a fee and lower volume in Tier 2 for which we receive a fee. On the SG&A front, expenses for the fourth quarter were $581 million, up 1% from the prior year's quarter. Our continued discipline in spend and investment levels allowed us to come in flat year-over-year when excluding share-based compensation. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter, we passed the year mark since initiating our significant cost management efforts. SG&A dollars for the fourth quarter versus last year were mainly impacted by three factors. First, other overhead decreased by $16 million. This decrease was driven primarily from reductions in spend for our technology platforms and from the continued favorability in non-CAF uncollectible receivables. Second, total compensation and benefits increased by $7 million, excluding an $8 million increase in share-based compensation. This increase was mostly driven by a higher corporate bonus accrual in the quarter. Third, advertising increased by $5 million. This reflects an increase as communicated last quarter due primarily to the timing of per unit spend. For full-year FY ‘24, we strongly outperformed the target we set out at the beginning of the year of requiring low-single-digit gross profit growth to lever SG&A, even when excluding the benefits from this year's legal settlements. Our ability to materially drive SG&A costs down year-over-year was led by favorability and non-CAF uncollectible receivables that reflects improved execution at our stores, at our corporate offices and by external partners. Our focus on driving efficiency gains in our stores and CECs, the planned reduction of technology spend and by aligning staffing levels and marketing spend to sales. In FY ‘25, we expect to require low-single-digit gross profit growth to lever SG&A, when excluding FY ‘24's favorable legal settlements. This reinforces our pathway back to a lower SG&A leverage ratio with our initial goal of returning to the mid-70% range over time once we see healthier consumer demand. We anticipate that SG&A will be pressured in the first quarter. As a reminder, we received $59 million in illegal settlement during the first quarter of FY ‘24. Additionally, in this year's first quarter, we expect an approximately $25 million impact due to share-based compensation for certain retirement eligible executives and a lapping of favorable reserve adjustments related to non-CAF uncollectible receivables during last year's first quarter. With regard to marketing going forward, we plan to speak to our spend on a per total unit basis, inclusive of total retail and wholesale units. We believe this more holistically reflects the impact of our marketing initiatives, which support both vehicle sales and buys. In FY ‘25, we expect full-year marketing spend on a total unit basis to be similar to FY ‘24 at approximately $200. Regarding capital structure, during the quarter we repurchased approximately 686,000 shares for a total spend of $49 million. Starting in the first quarter, we intend to modestly accelerate the pace of our share repurchases above the pace that we implemented in our third quarter of fiscal year ‘24. As of the end of the quarter, we had $2.36 billion of repurchase authorization remaining. For capital expenditures, we anticipate an investment level between $500 million to $550 million, up from the $465 million in FY ‘24. The year-over-year increase in plan spending is primarily related to the timing of spend for new stores. Like in FY ‘24, the largest portion of our CapEx investment remains related to the land and the buildout of facilities for long-term growth capacity and offsite reconditioning and auctions. In FY ‘25, we plan to open five new store locations. Consistent with our strategy, these new locations will be smaller cross-functional stores that complement our omni-channel strategy and leverage our scale. We also plan to open our second standalone reconditioning facility, which will be located in Richmond, Mississippi, as well as one offsite auction location in the Los Angeles metro market. We currently expect to open multiple offsite reconditioning and auction locations in FY ‘26. Our extensive nationwide footprint and logistics network continue to be a competitive advantage for CarMax. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks Enrique and good morning everyone. During the fourth quarter CarMax Auto Finance originated approximately $1.8 billion, resulting in sales penetration of 42.3% net of three-day payoffs, which was down 240 basis points from the same period last year. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers grew to 11.5%, an increase of 60 basis points from the last year's fourth quarter and 20 basis points sequentially. Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was 18.2%, down from 19.4% observed during last year's fourth quarter. Tier 3 accounted for 8.2% of sales, up 130 basis points from last year, as a partner began to ease previously implemented tightening. Also impacting each of these year-over-year results is CAF's continued decreased percentage in Tier 3, as well as the increased test volume in Tier 2. CAF income for the quarter was $147 million, up $23 million from the same period last year. This improvement was primarily driven by a $26 million year-over-year reduction in the provision for loan losses, slightly offset by a $3 million reduction in total interest margin. Note fair market value adjustments from our hedging strategy accounted for $4 million in expense this quarter versus $1 million of income in last year's fourth quarter. The $72 million provision within the quarter resulted in a reserve balance of $483 million or 2.78% of receivables, compared to 2.92% at the end of the third quarter. This highlights the significant impact that originations under our tightened credit policy are having on the Reserve as they continue to become a larger percentage of the full portfolio. In addition, observed performance within the portfolio aligned closely to our reserve expectations at the end of the third quarter and contributed to the reduction in the reserve. The margin to receivable rate of the portfolio remained steady at 5.9% for the quarter. We remain pleased with our ability to maintain a stable interest margin despite keeping our credit tightening in place. As I noted earlier, CAF continues to test across varying parts of the credit spectrum. Ultimately, CAF is building the capability to scale its participation across all credit Tiers, which will help to capture finance economics, drive sales, and fully complement our valued lending partnerships that are a key foundation of CarMax's best-in-class credit platform. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jon and Enrique. Fiscal 2024 was a challenging year across the used car industry as vehicle affordability and widespread macro factors continue to pressure sales. In response, we focused on what we could control and took deliberate steps to support our business both the near-term and long run. In addition to achieving the efficiencies across our entire organization that Enrique talked about, I am proud of the progress we've made in further enhancing our omni-channel capabilities as we prioritize projects designed to optimize experiences for our associates and customers and drive operating efficiencies. Some examples include, for retail, we leverage data science, automation, and AI to make it even easier for customers to complete key transaction steps like vehicle transfers on their own. We also enhance digital checkout functionality for appraisal customers, enabling them to submit their documents remotely and unlocking their ability to participate in our 30-minute express drop-off experience. Additionally, we expanded capabilities for Sky, our 24/7 virtual assistant, to include managing finance applications, vehicle transfers, appointment reservations, and appraisal offers. Customer adoption of Sky has been strong, and this has not only created efficiencies, but also widened bandwidth for our associates. For wholesale and vehicle acquisition, we modernized our auction platform to offer new services, including single sign-on across all of our systems, AI enhanced condition reports, early bidding capabilities, and automated bills of sale. Additionally, we streamline Max offer by rolling out our instant offer experience to all participating dealers. In the credit space, we have now incorporated all of our lenders into our finance-based shopping platform, expanding the breadth and depth of offers available to our customers. We continue to see great adoption with more than 80% of the consumers utilizing the best-in-class pre-qualification product as they begin the credit process. Finally, Edmunds launched a number of research and buy tools in support of its goal to be the leader in [Technical Difficulty] research. These include range tests, charging efficiencies, VIN-level battery health assessments, and EV tax credit incentive guides. Looking ahead to fiscal 2025, we will build on our progress from last year to further expand our competitive mode. We are confident that the actions we are taking will enable us to grow sales, profitable market share, and buys while also driving additional operational efficiencies as the market turns. Some examples include, for retail we plan to launch an evolved hub within our customers' online shopping accounts that will make it even easier to seamlessly go back and forth between assisted help and self-progression. Customers will be able to see the steps they have taken on their shopping journey, whether on their own or with help from a CEC or store associate. The hub will also guide next steps and promote MaxCare, our extended service plan offering. Additionally, we will continue to digitize work in support of our focus to build a leaner and high value assistance model for our CECs. This will enable existing resources to support higher transaction volume as we grow traffic and drive stronger conversion. As part of this effort, we will further integrate Sky into key communication channels and prove its ability to serve as the initial point of contact across many points in the customer's shopping journey. Sky will manage next steps on its own or seamlessly transition customers to a CEC associate via the customer's channel of choice. For vehicle acquisition. we'll focus to bring even more vehicles into our ecosystem. A key component of this will be our continued partnership with Edmunds to acquire vehicles from dealers. In the credit space, we plan to further optimize our prequalification product by integrating the customer's instant offer into the application process. As Jon mentioned, we will also continue to test CAFs participation across varying parts of the credit spectrum. As always, we will continue to pursue opportunities that enable us to provide outstanding offers for consumers, while driving sales and economics for the business. In regard to our long-term financial targets, we're maintaining our goal to sell more than 2 million combined retail and wholesale units annually. However, we are extending the timeframe for this goal between fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2030, due to the uncertainty in the timing of the market recovery and as we continue to focus on profitable market share growth. We will adjust the timeframe as we gain greater visibility into the industry's pace of recovery. Given higher average selling prices, we expect to achieve the $33 billion annual revenue target sooner than units. And similarly, we also expect to achieve more than 5% nationwide market share of zero to 10-year-old used vehicles sooner than units. Given the recent volatility in vehicle values, we will provide an updated timeframe for our expected achievement at the end of fiscal year 2025. Before turning to Q&A, I want to recognize two significant milestones. First, CarMax celebrated its 30th anniversary during fiscal 2024. I want to thank and congratulate all of our associates for the work that they do. They are the differentiator and the key to our success. Second, Fortune magazine recently named CarMax as one of the 100 best companies to work for, for the 20th year in a row. I'm incredibly proud of this recognition, particularly as we face a challenging year. It's due to our associates' commitment to supporting each other, our customers, and our communities every day. In closing, I'm proud of the progress we've made on our journey to deliver the most customer-centric experience in the industry. I'm encouraged by the sequentially quarterly improvements. We're driving across our business, and I'm excited about our focuses for fiscal 2025. Our core operations are strong and we are well positioned to drive growth as macro conditions improve. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. So Shelby?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line as Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. You may now ask your question.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot. I have one quarterly specific question and one big picture question. On the quarter, it seems like service gross profit was weaker than we anticipated. Can you help us understand how much of that pressure was transitory and how much improvement we should see in the service line in 2025?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Thanks, that’s a great question. We do believe it was transitory. We did have a couple things from a year-over-year standpoint. The planned lower production that we had communicated. So we did expect some headwinds there in the fourth quarter. We also had some wage pressures. Now that being said, we have undertaken in the fourth quarter, which will carry forward into next year, is even more efficiency initiatives, things and for labor specifically. We've invested in RFID tracking of inventory. We're going to leverage our tech and engineering investments to enhance reporting in our stores. We're focused on driving more MaxCare work to our shops and at the same time we've also taken labor and parts rates up to help offset inflationary pressures. So we do expect to see improvement, significant improvement year-over-year just like we deliver this year the significant improvement for the year as a whole and we expect that same next year. Now it is also certainly related to sales performance as well given the leverage, deleverage nature of service.
Seth Basham: Understood, thank you for that color(. And then secondly Bill, in regards to market share, you indicated on your last call that you started to see an improvement in market share towards the end of the fiscal third quarter. Seems like things slipped a little bit in the fourth quarter. Help us understand why and when should we expect to see market share increases going forward as the cycle turns?
Bill Nash: Yes, great question, Seth, and you're right. Last quarter I talked about October from a year-over-year standpoint actually inflecting positive, but also during the quarter -- third quarter, I talked about the steep depreciation. It was going to be interesting to see how competitors reacted. When I step back and think about market share kind of at the highest level, the two things that have been impacting us this year, and really some of it was last year as well, are affordability and then more relevant to this year is the steep depreciation periods that we've seen. So from the affordability standpoint, we've talked about that throughout the year as far as consumers may be trading down, trading into older vehicles, into zero to 10-year-old cars that maybe we don't sell, or just basically standing on the sidelines, because we see that there's demand out there yet people aren't actually pulling the trigger. The other thing that we saw during the year, we saw two very steep depreciation cycles. If I look at last year's calendar year and I talked about it in my prepared remarks, we were growing market share coming out of -- we were improving our market share coming out of last year. And then we ran into a period, let's call it four or five months, of steep depreciation starting in about April, and it was about $3,000. Then it stabilized for a little bit, and then we finished out the year with, again, another steep depreciation, probably the steepest we've seen in the shortest period of time, about another $3,000. And as we've talked about before, when we see the steep depreciation, that's really when we're testing our pricing elasticity, because we know that competitors, for their own reasons and for their business models, may end up taking down prices to move inventory, that kind of thing. And what we've said is we're going to continue to move forward on profitable market share growth. So I think what we saw in the fourth quarter, dealers were trying to figure that out in October, because a year ago, if you remember, we saw steep depreciation. There was a big influx of where we saw dealers letting inventory go. And then what happened in the beginning of the first quarter, they ended up buying a bunch of cars because they had sold through too much and that drove up appreciation. So I think this year, dealers were a little bit delayed, which is why you saw a little bit of an inflection in October. But then we saw a sell-off in November and December. The good news is that the January data we have, we can actually see where we're improving our market share in January. February, we don't have the actual data yet, but we feel good about February. So I think from a market share standpoint, this value volatility can be challenging and we'll continue to work and that's one of the reasons why we want to see how this kind of pans out over this year before we update that target. So hopefully that color is helpful.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. I guess two questions and hopefully you guys will forgive me. But on the improved affordability, can you give us some metrics around that? I mean, it's clear that new car prices are coming down and hopefully rates are toppish. So what was kind of an average loan payment that you originated this quarter versus maybe the third quarter or some historical benchmark just to give us an idea of how that's improving for the customer? And then secondarily, just on that market share dynamic, is there any region or any particular cohort of demographics that you've been more susceptible to this market share loss as some competitors may have been less rational? Thanks.
Jon Daniels: Sure, Sharon. It's Jon here. I'll take the first one on the loan payment. So historically, our average used car was $20,000 forever. So that translated typically, depending on the interest rate, $400 monthly payment. I think that's a good round number to think about. With the appreciation, you saw really a peak probably hit in kind of later, at calendar ‘22 of about $570, $580. That was -- I think we cited that was primarily driven by that financed amount. I mean, rates were on their way up, but that financed amount really was driving that. So that increase we kind of attributed to maybe an 85-15 split on the financed amount versus the interest rate going up. Now as we've cited, clearly, the vehicle prices are coming down. The financed amount is coming down to some degree and rates are going in the other direction. So we probably say this quarter we probably saw roughly a $525, $530 payment. Still two-thirds of that driven by that vehicle price still higher. Now the rates are a bigger contributor, but hopefully that gives you some perspective on how affordability has improved to some degree. Still a bit of a shock to a consumer that's used to a $400 monthly payment coming in at a $530 monthly payment. They're going to have to figure out how they work that into their budget going forward, but that hopefully gives you some context.
Bill Nash: And, Sharon, on the second part of your question, not necessarily a difference geographically. We talked about before, your Tier 3 customer, obviously, we have a lot less Tier 3 sales than we've had in the past. Our consumers that make less than $3,000 per month in a household, they've basically been cut in half. So certainly that lower finance customer, lower income coming in customers has been impacted. But we also see, and I talked about this in the third quarter just from working with one of the credit bureaus of the folks that don't end up buying, that apply for a loan at CarMax, it's not like we're seeing this big degradation where they're going to somebody else. They're just sitting on the sidelines. And I think part of that speaks to what Jon just spoke about. The other thing I would just remind everybody on the market share is, historically we have always grown market share. It's just when there's been unusual events. If you go back to the great financial crisis, if you go to COVID. And I would say, now in this period, we've got these very, very steep depreciations. I mean, we saw two this year, we saw one last year, we've just never seen these before. And so I think working through these, we'll get through them and then like always, we'll continue to grow market share.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rajat Gupta with JP Morgan. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to just quickly ask on -- how the first quarter was trending. Given you exited or you had positive comps in the fourth quarter, should we expect that trend to continue here? You know, because seasonality would imply like comp should move lower or negative again in the first quarter, but curious like what you're seeing and any updates you can give us there? And then just a broader question on the long-term target. It's almost like a four-year range, 2026 to 2030. Could you explain the thought process behind such a wide range? And where is the uncertainty really coming from? Is it on the demand side or is it on supply side? Any more color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes, so thanks for the question, Rajat. On the first question, kind of comp cadence, for the quarter, December, January negative comps, February was a positive comp resulting in a positive for the quarter. Since the quarter ended, it's been a little choppy. We've seen some weakness and right now, quarter to date, albeit early, and again choppy. We're seeing about a mid-single-digit negative comp right now, but again, it's early on and it's been choppy the last month and a half. On the second question, the market -- oh, the long-range targets -- well, keep in mind on the market share, we'll come back at the end of this year and update that. On the units one, yes, you're right, it is a wide range. We're going to come back and provide more visibility into that once we just get a better idea of the market recovery. Keep in mind, I think COGS latest numbers had this year finishing up about 35.5 million units, where traditionally we're at 40 million. And so I think their expectation to ours going to be fairly flat, maybe up a little bit in total used units in the zero to 10, it might be flat to even up a little bit less. So I think you're expecting when it comes to total used units, there's probably more growth in the over 10-year-old vehicles in the zero to 10. And so that's something of -- we want to get some visibility into that, especially when it comes to the units. The volatility also plays into it, though, because it also impacts -- vehicle volatility plays into it because it impacts your buy rate, which ultimately can impact your wholesale. So as we get more visibility into this market recovery, we'll come back and narrow that time frame for you.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, the expectation is not to hit the wide end of that range. Really is we're going to provide visibility once there's just a bit more stability in the market like building.
Rajat Gupta: Just to clarify on the zero to 10-year-old comment. I mean if you look at what's happened with like new car sales the last few years and just users originated on them, is there a chance that the zero to 10-year-old market takes another step down in calendar ‘25 before turning positive? Because that should be fairly visible, right, given what we know that's happened over the last three, four years?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the zero -- again, I think the zero to 10, what the estimates are out there is it's going to be flat to up a little bit. So we'll see where that actually pans out. I mean the -- keep in mind, there is a new car dynamic here where less cars were sold a couple of years ago. But again, I would also look back to -- we saw bigger declines back in the great financial crisis. So we'll see estimates are that it's going to be flat to up a little bit.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks for all the cover.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Brian Nagel: Hey guys, good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Brian.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Good morning.
Brian Nagel: Okay. Just my first question with regard to used sales, and maybe a bit bigger picture. But I guess it's much in the business. Look, you got the positive comp, albeit slightly. You got positive used car unit comp here in Q4. And then in response to the prior question, you talked about maybe some incremental weakness here in early Q1? But the question I have is as you're looking at this business, recognizing that you don't give guidance, there's a lot of moving parts out there. What has to happen? Because it seems like a lot of the key factors are starting to turn more favorable for CarMax, whether it be used car pricing moderating, rate stabilization, we're seeing the data, a better tax refund season. So I guess as you look, what's the kind of the equation, if you will, to get back to that normalized used car unit comp?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think we've hit on a couple of the major issues. The affordability has to continue to move down. I was encouraged, I mean this quarter was the first time we've been under a $26,000 average selling price in like two years. So that's a step in the right direction. I think there's a lot of positives out there you referred to like interest -- hopefully interest rates at least stable. And once they start coming down, I think that's certainly a good guide as well. I think building on some of the stuff that we've been working on, the efficiencies that we're working on that we've talked about is the fact that we've got sequential improvement. Jon talked about CAF becoming more of a full credit spectrum lender. There's opportunity there. I think there's opportunity in omni. I mean we've got a lot of good things that are positive, but we do need a little help on the affordability. And I think we also -- just that volatility, don't underestimate. I mean, when you have a year where you see depreciation of $6,000, keep in mind, we saw some appreciation at the beginning so it offset some of that. But $6,000 really in two different time periods. We just haven't seen that. And we had another of those last year, I would call them, their price corrections. And I think having some visibility into that and stabilizing that. If you get a -- we've shown like continued market share growth over the years, whether it's been appreciation, whether it's been normal depreciation, keep in mind, normally in the end of the year, there is depreciation. It's probably $1,500, $1,600 a year. We've been able to take market share in all those environments. So I think those are the two big factors for us.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: I think a couple of other just demand signals that we've seen. Web traffic was up again this quarter, year-over-year. Finance applications were up again this quarter. So there's demand signals that we're seeing out there just boils down to like we've been talking about really to the affordability question.
Brian Nagel: That's very helpful. If I could ask just one follow-up. You've talked now -- forget about tightening lending standard. We're seeing -- we're clearly seeing the benefits of that in the CAF data and particularly, I guess, the loan loss provision. I guess the question I have is to what extent is -- are your -- what potential is that, your tighter lending now impacting demand for used cars at CarMax?
Jon Daniels: Yes, appreciate the question. I mean, certainly, I think that's the benefit of our platform, right? CAF is able to tighten, and it's able to slow down to partners that are willing to -- maybe they're going to ask for a little more money down, it's going to be a little bit higher rate. But they are going to have the option to buy, and we see people get picked up down the line. We're very careful when we test rates. And we do any underwriting adjustments. We watch it very carefully. We test it. We know what's going to get picked up, and we're very thoughtful about the sales impact and any decision we make, whether it’d be pricing or underwriting. So certainly, there's going to be a few people that might not choose that higher rate that more down payment from our lenders down the line. But we believe, generally, they are very excited, Tier 2 partners are, when CAF passes on stuff, and they can go pick it up.
Bill Nash: Yes. But Brian, it's definitely a headwind. I mean we're tightening. We've got great partners and picking up some of that, but they don't pick it all up. And then it goes down to Tier 3, and you've seen where our Tier 3 volume just is in general. So there's no doubt that the tightening in general of the industry is having an impact.
Brian Nagel: Got it. I appreciate it, thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about sourcing, Bill. You bought 11% fewer cars. I know depreciation is a headwind, but you also have these innovative new tools like instant offer and Max offer that I thought might provide like a secular lift. So I'm wondering on instant offer, can you shed any light on just overall appraisal activity and buy rates to give us a feel for the kind of traction you have with that tool? And then on Max offer, how much of that 45% growth, albeit from a small base, is attributable to adding new dealers versus momentum with the existing dealers?
Bill Nash: Yes. Thanks for the question, Craig. On the -- from consumers, again, I think it's more -- I think when you're talking about the decline, it's more of a year-over-year dynamic. Buy rate this year was down a little bit versus last year. But keep in mind, last year, I think in the fourth quarter, we saw about $2,000 of appreciation. We didn't see that this quarter. It was much, much less than that by the end of the quarter. That has an impact because consumers always think their cars are worth more money. When you can put more on it, that helps buy. On the Max offer, the increase there is really -- well, we've increased the overall number of deals. The way we think about it, how many active dealers do you have. And of the deals we have, we saw about a 50% increase in active dealers actually using the tools. So we're encouraged by that. We haven't expanded to other areas. We think there's a lot of opportunity to continue to move this along, which is what I said earlier in my prepared remarks. It's going to be a focus for us.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Michael Montani: Hey guys, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask to start off. If you think about this year, is there any reason that this wouldn't be another year for CarMax to take market share? And then is there a need at all to either sacrifice gross profit per unit or potentially loosen credit standards to take share?
Bill Nash: Yes. I mean, look, you could -- if you lowered your prices, you could absolutely sell some more cars. But I'll go back to what I said earlier. I mean we're focused on profitable market share. And look, you can see it with the publicly traded auto retailers, they're swapping it off, sometimes units for GPU. And when you look at total comp GPU, it just -- it hasn't been necessarily a good decision. So we'll continue to test the elasticity. Our goal, obviously, every year is to gain market share. I am hopeful just looking at kind of depreciation trends, I'm hoping that this year will be a more normal depreciation and depreciation cycles, but we'll see. And I think that's going to be a factor. And again, I always couch it with we'll always test the elasticity to see if it makes sense to lower margins in order to get more units and more total gross profit.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And as far as the CAF lending standards, I mean, I think that's one of the things that we're optimistic about. We've tightened. We've tightened for a very for very purposeful reason. Obviously, we have partners down the line. But as Bill mentioned, yes, you do lose sales when CAF tightens. But we believe that the cycle will turn. The consumer will get healthier. And we're excited to go after more market share up and down the credit spectrum. So I think it absolutely is an opportunity on the other side of this.
Bill Nash: Yes. I'm optimistic with CAF. And I know the Fed is -- there's a decision on when they're going to cut rates. I mean it stabilizes and doesn't sound like it's going to go up. I'm going to knock on wood right now. But as that comes down, that's a tailwind for us for sure on a couple of different fronts from a CAF standpoint, margin standpoint but also from a sales standpoint.
Michael Montani: Just how to think about the mid-70s SG&A ratio target as well. Is that feasible for this year? Or how should we think about that?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I think the mid-70s SG&A as we've talked about, that is absolutely our next step in our progress. I think in terms of this coming year, we're going to need strong consumer demand also return. There's, obviously two variables in that equation, right? You have SG&A, which I feel we've made a lot of strides this past year, and we'll continue to focus on. But we really need that gross profit number to accelerate in order to hit that mid-70%. I think you hit it in FY '25 would really be a tough putt, just given the level -- the volumes of our unit sales over the past couple of years here.
Bill Nash: Well -- and I think also just given that they think that the market is overall going to be fairly flat.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Exactly.
Michael Montani: Got it. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Healy with Northcoast Research. Your line is open. You may now ask your question.
John Healy: Thank you. Just wanted to ask a bit about the wholesale business. It's a nice position where we kind of ended the year in terms of GPUs on wholesale. I was kind of curious kind of how you see that business from a GPU performing in ‘25, just given the expected, kind of, the sending of the used car market in terms of values with improving supply. Do you think we can hold at this kind of $1,000 level for a while? And can you talk a little bit about what you're doing with the auction side of the business? I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you're going to build a standalone auction facility, which I believe would be the first one for the company, maybe where you're going with that business and does that decoupling of auctions from the retail location potentially market new business line that you're getting into, not only from a self-sufficiency standpoint but maybe from a revenue standpoint?
Bill Nash: Yes. Thank you for the questions. On the wholesale margin, yes, I was especially pleased with the wholesale margin. Just given some of the year-over-year dynamics, the team did a phenomenal job. And I think it speaks to just some of the improvements we made in our overall auction process with technology, that kind of thing. I think you're thinking about it the right way. If you look at it on a yearly basis, I think a good target, give or take a little bit, is similar to what we ran for the year this year on wholesale margins. So I think you're thinking about that the right way. And I think it speaks to a lot of the improvements that we've made in the business. As far as the standalone auction facility, it is -- it's interesting because we actually have a couple of standalone auction facilities that we've built over time, just that are generally located right close to one of the stores from a extra capacity. But this -- you're right, this will be the first time that we've gone out and really kind of built the facility with the intention of it having to be an auction facility. I think going forward, you're going to see some of the standalone auction/production. The one that we're talking about for next year is just an auction facility. We may run some logistics hub out there. But right now, it's an auction facility. And it's really going to help us in a couple of different ways. The facility will be close to existing stores. And we'll be able to take wholesale vehicles out of existing stores, allow them to leverage the lots more from a service standpoint, more from a sales standpoint. We're ending up moving a lot of cars anyway from satellite and XF stores. And now taking them to this location will just help us continue to make benefits or improvements at standalone facilities, and I think they'll pan out well for us going forward. So our intention as we go forward is to build more of these things, get more of some of the wholesale sales out of the stores to free up space, free up capacity that we think will have other benefits to the business, whether it's, hey, you can do a little bit more MaxCare retail service. There's a lot of benefits to that, plus just the standardization of having these bigger locations in closed proximity to stores will also help us to innovate even quicker than what we've been able to do.
John Healy: Thank you guys.
Bill Nash: Thanks John.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist Securities. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys. Another market share follow-up, I guess. Bill, why do you think you lose share in disruptive periods? I mean historically, industry leaders in various retail verticals actually accelerate share gains during disruptive periods. What is different about the CarMax model why that may not follow a similar pattern?
Bill Nash: Well, when you say disruptive periods, I mean, the three periods, and I think Great Recession, if I think about COVID, I think what we're doing -- what's going on a little bit different. I mean here more recently, it's this vehicle volatility that I talked about earlier. And when there are shocks to the system of large depreciation over a short amount of time, you know how we run the model. We're like, okay, should we lower our prices? And is it overall better from a profitability standpoint? And what we've seen is it just doesn't pan out that way, which is why we hold the margins steady. Now there's lots of competitors don't do that. And they do what's right for their business. They've got different demands. They've got credit lines, things like that. So they have to do what's right for their business, and we have to do what's right for our business. So you will see -- we've seen this year when we hold the prices and others are liquidating inventory for various reasons. We -- trying to give up market share.
Scot Ciccarelli: So just philosophically, like is that the right decision over time? Like I understand like you can capture more profit. But if you want to be a growth vehicle and you have been for 20-plus years, I think you said 38, right? Is that the right decision to kind of hold the line on price and protect profit? Or should you be seeking market share? I'm just wondering philosophically how you guys are thinking about that? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, I mean, it's a good question. And obviously, we think philosophically, look, the buying cycle is every five years. And who -- if you had asked me at the beginning of this year, do you think there might be a price correction? I would say maybe, yes, probably another price correction coming out of last year. I didn't expect there to be two price corrections. I don't see this type of environment being able to replicate itself year after year. I think these are very unusual circumstances. So I do think that here in the short term, it is the right thing to do. It's not like this is going to be continuing to repeat. If it was, then we would look at the business model. But I think we believe that this is the right move.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Christopher Bottiglieri from BNP Paribas Exane. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Ian Davis: Hey, everyone. This is Ian Davis on for Chris. Thanks for the question. It seems you've been a bit more reliant on warehouse facilities than ABS in recent years ex the Tier 2 and Tier 3 pilot. So wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on how average FICO expected losses of loans in these warehouse facilities compares to maybe what you see in the -- similarly loans and ABS facilities?
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, I can take that one, Ian. Yes, I mean, I think you said excluding Tier 2 and Tier 3, so we're talking focused on the Tier 1 business. Yes, I mean, our focus is generally to bring in all the volume from Tier 1 into our warehouse facilities, and our goal would be to get it all into the ABS market. Now fundamentally, there are things that you need to pare back. There are certain criteria they need to meet. You need to have a title, they need to have made the first payment, et cetera. So you're going to have some higher risk stuff fall out. It's always going to happen. But our goal is to move all that volume from originations through the warehouse into ABS. Inherently because of those exclusions, you're going to have probably a little bit higher FICO in the ABS deals. If you look at deal over deal over deal, that change in FICO is coming from us changing what we're originating and that ultimately flowing through. Remember, it's going to take six, seven months to get into an ABS deal for when we originate it. But that movement over time in ABS is really what we're underwriting, probably less so what we're holding out into in a warehouse line.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And from a total capacity standpoint, where we certainly leverage the ABS market is the most efficient way to fund the business. We also -- as you've noted, we've also grown our kind of non-ABS funding with our banking partners. We have tremendous banking partners, and we've built out some facilities, additional facilities there. And we talked about that several years ago about just bridging out and having alternative finance options as we continue to grow the business. And that's what we've done.
Ian Davis: Got it. That's helpful. And if I could just slip another question in. We had read that CarMax may be removing the 30-day return policy. Is there any truth for this? And if there is, could you contextualize maybe how material abandoning the policy would be to earnings? And perhaps any other context in terms of customers valuing it or maybe using it, any context there would be helpful.
Bill Nash: Yes. So what you're referring to is the 30-day money back guarantee. And we're modifying it to 10 days money back, which is still industry-leading. And that's really due to really some experiential headwind, both for customers and associates, which also add increased expenses when you're talking about most of our customers -- a lot of our customers take advantage of it well before the 30-days. You get past the 10, some people are just working the system. Others, what we run into is some headwinds with DMVs and municipalities getting title work squared away, checks back, taxes back, that kind of thing. So I think that's what you're referring to.
Ian Davis: Yes, that's right. Yes, that's helpful. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Pierce with Needham. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
Chris Pierce: Hey, good morning. I just wanted to ask, are we set up for another period of excessive depreciation in the wholesale market because as we get the tax refund season, which we're sort of already through in the wholesale market, there's going to be normal depreciation. But like are we set for further excessive depreciation and what would limit excessive depreciation? Because as far as I can tell, dealers are already carrying lower inventories versus normal. So how -- is there anything that the industry can do to combat that? Or is it just we need to see that excessive depreciation because we need to get back to a $22,000 average used car?
Bill Nash: Yes. Chris, I'm not necessarily seeing what you're calling excessive depreciation. I'm really seeing more depreciation that's more in line with kind of what you would see between 2015 and 2019. It's actually, if look at it, appreciate a little bit more. But again, your average sales price is up higher. Just recently have we started to see some depreciation. So I haven't seen what you're referring to as far as excessive depreciation. And I think we may see more of a historical type of appreciation, depreciation throughout the year, but we'll see.
Chris Pierce: And is that because of lower dealer volumes or inventories? Or is that what gives you confidence that you think you'll see that -- you won't see abnormal depreciation this year like you saw last year?
Bill Nash: Well, I'm just going off of what I've seen so far kind of calendar year-to-date and comparing it to historical averages. The last 2, 3 years, it's kind of been all over the board from an appreciation standpoint and a depreciation standpoint. If you kind of take those years out and look more historical like 2015 to 2019, what does the depreciation curve look like? What does the NAAA data look like? I would say this year, calendar year-to-date is falling more in line with kind of what those cycles look like. So that's what I'm referring to.
Chris Pierce: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Murphy with Bank of America. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. I just wanted to see if you could talk about sort of the split of the zero to six and the seven to 10-year-old vehicle sold in the quarter and maybe on a year-over-year basis. And as we think about this, unless there's some massive economic boom that is not really expected, seems like through ‘24 and ‘25, the zero to six year old car population will continue to shrink, which is a supply issue for you guys, unless you shift a little bit more to the seven to 10-year-old bucket but also would help you out a lot on affordability. So it just seems like it could be a small strategy shift here that could alleviate some of the issues that we're facing. Just curious if you could comment on that as well. So mix and then potentially pushing a little bit more to seven to 10s.
Bill Nash: Yes. So I think looking at the quarter, if I look at zero to four versus, let's call it five plus, we were similar to last year. We were a little bit older than the third quarter. So I think our mix is -- it's interesting. It's almost 50-50 when you look at zero to four and the five plus. When I look at zero to six maybe versus the seven plus, it's -- for last year, it's very similar. Let's call it a 70-30 split, zero to six-year-old 70%, seven-plus 30% for us. Last quarter was a little bit -- and I made the remark last quarter that we had a little bit shift in some newer cars. So last quarter was a little bit more in the zero to six than this quarter. And I think, look, as we move forward, and I mentioned this earlier, you're right, as far as new cars, a year or two year ago, weren't as many new cars sold. But again, I would just point to you're still in the ballpark of 15-plus million SAAR run rate, which is much higher than what we saw coming out of the great financial crisis. And the other thing I would point to is that our self-sufficiency now for a couple of years on a yearly basis continues to be over 70%, which we didn't have prior, and we think that's a great tailwind. So for us, the supply hasn't really been the issue, it's the price. Now you could say, well, supply of just overall vehicles out there is causing price to go up, but our ability to acquire inventory has not been the issue. It's more the price.
John Murphy: Got it. And then just one follow-up on the sourcing side that you just talked about. You said dealer sourcing was up 21,000 units, about 45% on a year-over-year basis in the quarter. Is that something you think could increase? I mean, I think there's some concern that vehicles, late-model vehicles get caught further up funnel as openly, Manheim and ATB all kind of help with their virtual auctions to keep vehicles further up funnel. But it sounds like you actually kind of refute that with the increase in dealer sourcing. How much of an opportunity do you think dealer sourcing could be over time or maybe a risk as they hold on to more vehicles?
Bill Nash: Yes. Look, I'm pleased with the max offer. I mean we're continuing to buy more vehicles to that. We think it's a great product that's really resonating with dealers. And when you look at the mix of vehicles we're buying, it's actually skewed more retail than wholesale, which is a huge benefit. I think it's a very competitive product. And like I said, we've got a lot of dealers that are actively using it, and we plan to continue to push that. And when we talked about -- we've historically talked about self-sufficiency. We've always talked about it from a standpoint of just the consumers. Well, it really should start adding in this bucket as well, which, again, just helps keep our self-sufficiency very high.
John Murphy: Great. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you, John.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Bellinger with Mizuho. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
David Bellinger: Hey, thanks for the questions. Maybe just a follow-up on that last one and acquiring cars directly from consumers. Can you talk through just the quality of those vehicles? Are there any material differences versus those at the auction? And just overall, is there enough inventory out there from consumers in that $20,000 to $25,000 range right now? Or is that more of a limited opportunity?
Bill Nash: Yes. Actually, from a -- I was encouraged because this quarter, if you look at our sales are less than 20% -- or less than $20,000 vehicles, while year-over-year, it was similar. It actually was better than the third quarter. So we had more less than $20,000 cars. I think as far as what do the vehicles look like for consumers, buying vehicles from consumers is just a huge benefit. I mean you're buying vehicles that people in that area generally like. And the reason why it's important is to self-sufficiency is because those are more profitable than having to go off-site. And if you're having to go and secure all your vehicles off-site, that's an expensive channel to go through. And we have the luxury of having such a high self-sufficiency that we have to really kind of go out and obtain vehicles off-site on a limited basis.
David Bellinger: Got it. And if I could just follow-up one more on your quarter-to-date comment down mid-single digit. Is there anything that's really changed to explain that shift from positive comps in February, maybe some of the tax refund flows that might have impacted, but also, is there potentially just some pause on the part of the consumer with steeper price depreciation lately? And if that's the case, how long could that last?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think it just -- it's probably more just speaks to consumer. I think the consumer is still in a tough spot. The tax season -- I think overall, the tax season this year has been a little softer, although refunds are higher, the actual -- the refund dollar amounts are higher, the actual number of refunds is behind where it was last year. And while prices have gone down, obviously, interest rates are higher than a year ago. I think you still have the pressure of the consumers on everything else that they're basically buying food and housing, get inflationary pressure there. So I think it speaks more to the consumer mindset at this point. And like I said, it's been choppy. I mean there's been a -- we've had some weather things going on. It's just -- there's been a lot going on. So we'll continue to monitor and make adjustments as we can as we go through.
David Bellinger: Got it, thanks Bill.
Bill Nash: Okay, thank you, David.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from David Whiston with Morningstar. Your line is open. You may ask your question.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. Just a two-part question on affordability. You mentioned ASPs are continuing to fall, which is good. But are consumers even noticing the lower ASPs at this point? Are they entirely focused on unfavorable monthly payment due to interest rates? And also on that trading trade-offs scenario for affordability, is the consumer moving into cars away from light trucks? Or is it more just shifting into older than 5-year-old vehicles?
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, I think it's always been about the monthly payment for the consumers. And the prices are coming down. And as Jon said, the actual monthly payment is coming down, but it's still over $100 more than what it used to be. And so when a consumer is thinking about buying a car, let's say they're in a car right now. Well, they're making a certain monthly payment. And all of a sudden, they look and say, okay, well, I'm ready to swap out. They're like, oh my gosh, I'd have to pay another $100. That's where we're seeing it. And again, there's lots of data points to say consumers are just waiting on the sidelines right now and either for the monthly payments to come down or to figure out a way to work it into their budget with all the other expenses. So I think that's what you're seeing. Was there another part of your question?
David Whiston: Yes. Are they also moving away from light trucks into cars? Or are they just focused on an older vehicle to try to...
Bill Nash: It's interesting. If you look at the numbers for the quarter, from a class standpoint, we actually sold more like from a mix standpoint, more larger SUVs, more expensive type of cars. Now the average age, both of our wholesale and retail is up on what you've sold. But it's not like they're choosing to go compact versus larger SUV types, at least not for the quarter.
David Whiston: Okay. Are you worried about the off-lease shortage ramping up with the anniversary of the start of the chip shortage?
Bill Nash: Yes. Look, leased vehicles have never been a big piece of our inventory strategy. I mean -- and we've been through cycles before where there's been leased cars, and we've been through cycles where there haven't been leased cars. I think we've been in a cycle where there really haven't been leased cars because a lot of the manufacturers are requiring lease customers to take it back to the franchise dealer. We have customers wanting to sell it to lease vehicle, and we can't buy them because of those restrictions. And quite honestly, it's -- I think it's been a nice benefit for the franchise dealers, because they're able to get these things at a good rate base off of leases that were basically done a while ago. That will play out and not become such a benefit as we go into the future. But it just hasn't been a big source of inventory for us historically.
David Whiston: Okay, thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We don't have any further questions at this time. I'll hand the call back to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Well, listen, I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. Obviously, we've got lots going on. And we appreciate your questions and your support. Before I close, again, I just want to congratulate all of our associates for being named as a Great Place to Work for the 20th year in a row. We're all very proud of that and really speaks to our folks and the culture that they've really enhanced here and implemented here at CarMax. So thanks for your time today, and we'll talk again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Q4 fiscal year 2024 CarMax earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2023-12-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q3 Fiscal Year 2024 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Lowenstein, AVP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2024 third quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance operations. Let me remind you our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the Company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations and assumptions and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K filed with the SEC this morning and our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023, previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at (804) 747-0422 extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Our third quarter results reflect the continuation of our strategy that has yielded sequential year-over-year improvements across key components of our business for four straight quarters. While affordability of used car remains a challenge for consumers, we're excited about the positive impact we are seeing from our omnichannel investments, which reinforces our strong belief that we are well positioned for the future. This quarter, we delivered strong retail and wholesale GPUs. We bought more vehicles from consumers and dealers, and we also sold more wholesale units than a year ago. We further reduced SG&A from the prior year. We continued to strengthen the credit mix within NCAP's receivables portfolio, which had a positive impact on our loan loss provision, and we resumed our share repurchase program. For the third quarter of FY '24, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $6.1 billion, down 5% compared to last year. This was driven by lower retail and wholesale prices and lower retail volume partially offset by higher wholesale volume. In our retail business, total unit sales declined 2.9% and used unit comps were down 4.1%. Average selling price declined approximately $1,300 per unit or 5% year-over-year. Third quarter retail gross profit per used unit was $2,277, relatively consistent with $2,237 from last year. For the fourth quarter, our expectation is that our margin -- our per unit margin will be lower than last year's fourth quarter record margin. We continue to expect that per unit margin for the full year will be similar to last year. As always, we will continue to actively manage this as we test price elasticity and monitor the competitive landscape. Wholesale unit sales were up 7.7% versus the third quarter last year. Average selling price declined approximately $600 per unit or 7% year-over-year. Third quarter wholesale gross profit per unit was $961 in line with $966 a year ago. Like our outlook on retail GPU, we anticipate wholesale per unit margin for the full year will be similar to last year. As a reminder, last year's fourth quarter wholesale GPU was within $4 of our all-time record and benefited from appreciation and strong dealer demand, particularly at the end of the quarter. We expect this year's fourth quarter per unit margin will be more in line with our year-to-date performance and lower than last year. We bought approximately 250,000 vehicles from consumers and dealers during the quarter, up 5% from last year. Of these vehicles, we purchased approximately $228,000 from consumers with slightly more than half of those buys coming through our online instant appraisal experience. As a result, our self-sufficiency remained above 70% for the quarter. With the support of our Edmond sales team, we sourced the remaining approximately 22,000 vehicles through dealers, up from approximately 14,000 last year. In regard to our third quarter online metrics, approximately 14% of retail unit sales were online, up from 12% last year. Approximately 55% of retail unit sales were omni sales this quarter up from 52% in the prior year. All of our third quarter wholesale auctions and sales were virtual and are considered online transactions. This represents 19% of total revenue. Total revenue from online transactions was approximately 31%, up from 28% last year. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $149 million down slightly from $152 million during the same period last year. Jon will provide more detail on customer financing, the loan loss provision and CAF contribution in a few moments. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our third quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill noted, we drove another quarter of sequential improvement in year-over-year performance across our business and our P&L. Notable areas of improvement included used in wholesale unit sales and their respective margin dollars, total gross profit, CAF contribution, SG&A leverage and EPS. Third quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.52 versus $0.24 a year ago. Total gross profit was $613 million, up 6% from last year's third quarter. Used retail margin declined by 1% to $398 million with lower volume, partially offset by a slightly higher per unit margin. Wholesale vehicle margin increased by 7% to $123 million, with an increase in volume and flat per unit margin compared to last year. Other gross profit was $92 million, up 55% from a year ago. This increase was driven by service, which delivered a $33 million improvement over last year with this year's quarter reporting a $21 million loss. The efficiency and cost coverage measures that we put in place towards the end of FY '23 continued to drive improved year-over-year performance in FY '24. Extended protection plan or EPP revenues were relatively flat compared to last year's third quarter. We do not expect to receive profit-sharing revenues in the fourth quarter due to the inflationary pressures our partners have experienced. Third-party finance fees were down $2 million from a year ago, driven by lower volume in Tier 2 for which we receive a fee and higher volume in Tier 3 for which we pay a fee. On the SG&A front, expenses for the third quarter were $560 million, down 5% from the prior year's quarter as we continue to see benefits from our cost management efforts. SG&A as a percent of gross profit levered by 11 percentage points as compared to last year. The decrease in SG&A dollars over last year was mainly due to three factors. First, other overhead decreased by $19 million, this decrease was driven primarily by continued favorability in non-GAAP uncollectible receivables and, to a lesser degree, from reductions in spend for our technology platforms and from favorability in costs associated with lower staffing levels. Second, total compensation and benefits decreased by $20 million, excluding a $3 million increase in share-based compensation. This decrease was primarily driven by our continued focus on driving efficiency gains and aligning staffing levels in stores and CECs with sales. The decrease was also impacted by a lower corporate bonus accrual in the quarter. Third, advertising increased by $5 million. This reflects an increase in per unit spend as compared to last year's quarterly low level of per unit spend and was partially offset by lower units. As we have previously communicated, our expectation is for our full year marketing spend on a per unit basis to be similar to last year. Accordingly, we expect that our per unit spend in this year's fourth quarter will exceed last year's fourth quarter. Entering the fourth quarter, we have now passed the year mark since we initiated our significant cost management efforts. We are well on track to outperform the target we set out at the beginning of the year of requiring low single-digit gross profit growth to lever SG&A for the full year, even when excluding the benefits from this year's legal settlements. That being said, we remain disciplined with our spend and investment levels. Regarding capital structure, we resumed our share repurchase program in October. Repurchasing approximately 649,000 shares for a total spend of $42 million in the quarter. This pace is in line with the guidance we provided last quarter. As of the end of the quarter, we had $2.41 billion of repurchase authorization remaining. In terms of other uses of capital, such as new store openings, we will open four stores in the fourth quarter including two in the New York metro market and one in each of the Los Angeles and Chicago metro markets. We will also open our first stand-alone reconditioning center in the Atlanta metro market. Our extensive nationwide footprint and logistics network continue to be a competitive advantage for CarMax. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique. Good morning, everyone. During the third quarter, CarMax Auto Finance originated approximately $2 billion, resulting in penetration of 44% net of three-day payoffs, which was up from Q2 and relatively in line with the 44.4% observed during the third quarter last year. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 11.3%, an increase of 150 basis points from the same period last year and up 20 basis points from Q2. Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was sequentially in line with Q2 at 18%, but remains lower year-over-year as we have yet to fully comp over the partner tightening observed in the back half of calendar 2022. Tier 3 accounted for 6.9% of sales as compared to 6.1% last year, impacting each of these results as CAF's decreased percentage in Tier 3 as well as the increased test volume in Tier 2. CAF income for the quarter was $149 million, down $3.5 million from the same period last year, but up $14 million sequentially. The provision for the quarter was $68.3 million as compared to $85.7 million in the prior year's Q3. The $17 million favorability was offset by a year-over-year reduction in total interest margin of $20 million, driven by additional interest expense of $81 million. Note fair market value adjustments from our hedging strategy accounted for $6 million in expense this year versus $5 million of income last year. The total interest margin of the portfolio decreased to 5.9% from the 6.1% seen last quarter. This slight reduction is primarily a result of increased funding costs, including the fair market value adjustments along with CAF's deliberate credit tightening that began last year, which inherently removes higher margin, higher loss assets from new originations. CAF continued to offset these headwinds by adjusting customer rates but with a careful eye on three-day payoffs, sales and overall CarMax profitability. We are pleased with our ability to maintain a relatively stable net interest margin despite the volatile interest rate environment. The $68 million provision within the quarter resulted in a reserve balance of $512 million or 2.92% of receivables compared to 3.08% at the end of the second quarter. This 16 basis point reduction has occurred even with CAF's continued investment in the Tier 2 space and is evidence of the growing impact that our broader credit tightening is having on the overall portfolio. While CAF delinquency levels remain elevated versus historic norms, as has been the case industry-wide, we believe our reserve adjustment adequately reflects the anticipated future loss performance of our portfolio. The underwriting adjustments executed to date have been the right strategic moves to ensure we hit targeted loss levels, preserve our access to efficient funding yet still deliver strong future CAF earnings. We are well poised to recapture Tier 1 and Tier 3 volume as economic conditions improve and our continued learning in the Tier 2 space should provide a future growth opportunity. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Jon and Enrique. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we're excited about the contributions we are seeing from our omnichannel investments. Our omnichannel capabilities offer our customers a uniquely personalized car buying experience that enables them to do as much or as little online and in-stores they want. I'm proud of the progress that we've made on our journey to deliver the most customer-centric experience in the industry. As we have said before, we believe consumers in the used car industry will increasingly prefer to have the ability to progress digitally. We are seeing this in our data. At the end of fiscal year '20 when we completed our initial omnichannel rollout, approximately 40% of our customers leverage some or all of our digital capabilities to complete their transactions. That has grown to approximately 70% this year. I recognize that the market volatility over the past few years has made it challenging to see the direct benefits omnichannel has delivered to our business, so I want to share some proof points that we are seeing. First, our data indicates that omnichannel is driving incremental retail customers to CarMax. Customers who fully complete an online transaction are 10% more likely to be new to CarMax compared with our omnichannel and in-store customers. We have also found that our online consumers skew younger, which creates the opportunity to participate in more of their lifetime purchase cycles. Additionally, since initially completing our omnichannel rollout, we have seen outsized market share growth in our oldest 15 markets where we have not opened new stores since calendar 2013. In calendar 2019, the market share annual growth rate for these markets doubled from the average annual growth rate for the previous five years. Moreover, from the beginning of calendar 2019 to the end of calendar '22, the market share average annual growth rate for these older markets continue to exceed their pre omnichannel average growth rate. Second, instant offer, our online consumer-facing appraisal tool that is a core part of our omnichannel capabilities is significantly driving our vehicle purchases and wholesale sales. We doubled our bots from consumers of the year we launched instant offer. This enabled us to grow our self-sufficiency to over 70%, which we have maintained since we launched the tool. Online buyouts have also fueled our wholesale volume, which grew approximately 65% during the launch year and has remained well above the volume prior to instant offer. It's worth noting that our instant offer algorithms also support our dealer-facing Max offer vehicle sourcing application. Third, our omnichannel products are supporting double-digit web traffic growth. Finance based shopping has been our number one lead source. This multi-lender prequalification products gives customers the ability to digitally receive quick credit decisions across our inventory with no impact to their credit score. Over 80% of our customers are using this online tool as they begin the credit process. Finally, omnichannel is on track to be a more efficient cost structure compared to our store-only model. Our omnichannel cost structure has more fixed costs than our historical store-only structure. We continue to show sequential year-over-year improvements in key cost efficiency metrics for omnichannel overhead model. With a more fixed cost structure, we expect to lever more strongly than in the previous model as demand picks up. We expect the impact of our omnichannel capabilities will continue to grow over time as consumers demand a more personalized experience that combines online and in-store progression. We believe that many of our competitors across the used car industry will not be able to deliver this experience in a simple and seamless manner. In closing, we're confident we have the right strategy in place. Our consistent approach to control what we can and deliver the most customer-centric experience in the industry is driving sequential quarterly improvements across our business. We are well positioned to emerge from this cycle an even stronger company. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first with Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Jon, Enrique, maybe just want to circle back on the cash provision just given the impressive results here. I'm trying to understand the puts and takes. So, the allowance came down quite a bit, Jon, I think you talked about maybe just tighter underwriting there. But it looks like net charge-offs are at maybe the highest level we've seen in over a decade. So, I guess how can you -- can you help us reconcile those two factors? And how should we think about provisions has the credit improvement meant that nominally this is the right level of provisions going forward? Or how would you think about those trends as we move through the end of the year and the tax refund season?
Jon Daniels: Yes, Dan, absolutely appreciate the question and fully expected it. So first, let's start on the provision piece. Our provision in the quarter is going to be made up of two components. It's going to be our change in outlook on the losses that we expect on the existing book of business versus what we set at the end of Q2. Second, it's going to be the required reserve on losses on the new originations. So let's touch on the first piece. What I can tell you is if you look at our expectation at the beginning of Q2 and what we observed on that existing book of business over the course of Q3, there hasn't been a lot of change. Let's talk about the actuals and what we have observed because you referenced that. We publish on a monthly basis, our securitizations and how they're performing. It's important to note that that's about 60% of our receivables. We have a lot of stuff that has not yet been securitized. We've also mentioned that's been tighter. But what you see out there in the securitizations, we certainly observed two separate books of business there. The pre-COVID and the early COVID stuff that came in markedly lower than our target, well below the 2% to 2.5%. We knew that was going to come back into more normalized levels, and that's what we're seeing on the new stuff. We've also said that we believe there's front-loading occurring. If you look at those newer securitizations, especially in like the '21, 3, the '21, 4, the early '22 stuff, there is a clear curve difference in when the losses come in. We think its front loaded. All of that was contemplated when we set a reserve at the end of Q2. So largely, this first component of the provision did not -- there wasn't a major adjustment that we had to make, which means at the end of the day, our provision is primarily made up of our new originations, and we talked about this. Our new originations are significantly tighter. There's very limited Tier 3 volume, there's a test amount in Tier 2. And then our Tier 1 stuff, we've even been tightened there. So on that roughly $2 billion. It's a tighter book of business. It's a lower amount of overall loss. It's a relatively modest required provision, and that is the bulk of the Q3 provision.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: You're asking a nice continued solid progression here.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Brian Nagel: My question, I guess, just looking first at the wholesale business, that definitely inflected stronger here in the fiscal third quarter. I guess the question I would have is explain more kind of what was behind that inflection in sales growth? And are there reasons -- as you look at the wholesale business or the read-through over to your used car business, just given the natural kind of association with those two segments. And then just a quick follow-up. Any commentary I mean given what we saw here in Q3, any commentary how the quarter progressed and what we're seeing into early Q4?
Bill Nash: Yes. Great. Thank you for the questions, Brian. So yes, we are pleased with the wholesale growth. I think it's a combination of factors. I think one, there's a little bit of year-over-year dynamics playing in last year, given where we were, given where we saw sales, things that were going on in the marketplace, we actually pulled back on our offers. So I think you've got a little bit of that reflecting in kind of the year-over-year growth. But I also feel really good about the innovation on the product side of things. So when you think about Max offer, one of the things with Max offer, we completed this quarter the rollout of our instant offer component of it. We still had a few markets that did not have instant offer, which meant they had to take pictures of vehicles and then get a value. Now they have the option to just not take pictures, if they want to take pictures, they still can. So that's some of the innovation there that I think that helps. So we feel really great about the innovation. And as we go forward, it will probably be dependent more on what's going on in the market dynamics, that kind of thing at any given time. As far as kind of the quarter and just outlook -- look, obviously, the industry is still challenged, and everybody knows that. And obviously, our business isn't where we want it to be. But I do think there's some encouraging signs out there. I mean besides the fact that we have continued to have sequential improvements we saw a lot of depreciation this quarter, really steep depreciation. And while that causes some headwinds on in the near term, and it's going to cause some headwinds just in wholesale a little bit and even on the retail side. It's a short-term thing, and I think it benefits the overall used car industry, and it will benefit us because that will continue to come out on front-lit prices. You saw we're about $1,300 down this year, year-over-year on sales prices. From an acquisition standpoint, it was more like $1,500, but we had some mix adjustment stuff in there. So again, I think the steep depreciation is good. Interest rates if they at least stabilize, I think that's great. I think it's great for the business. I think that will help. And if they come down, I think that will be kind of extra icing on the cake. Another thing that I would point to is our market share. October, which is the latest period that we've gotten market share data on is the first month that we've actually comped our market share year-over-year. So I think that's encouraging. And then the other thing I would tell you is -- we've talked before about just comps and where the sales might be going. And we've done some analysis with one of the credit bureaus just trying to understand of the customers that apply for a loan through CAF, where do they go? And it seems like from the analysis we've done, there's a lot of customers that just once they decide they're not buying, they're not buying. So it's almost like there's a -- maybe hopefully, there's some pent-up demand that I think we'll see as the market comes back. So again, I think while there's some signs of encouragement, yes, the industry is still challenged. We're encouraged by that. And I think taking all that into consideration, also just bearing in mind, this whole time we've been working on cost control, becoming more efficient, having better experiences for our customers and our associates. I think all that plays well to into the future. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Operator: We'll turn now to Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: My question is also on CAF. Jon, could you give us some more color on those securitizations from late '21 through 2022 in terms of your expectations that the loss curves are going to flatten out because we haven't really seen that in the data yet.
Jon Daniels: Yes. I appreciate the question. Yes, I think the key thing to point to here is if you look at -- obviously, what's published out there right now is I think the 2019 stuff going forward. If you pull back and you look at sort of the 2016, '17, '18 stuff that I think is -- you probably have access to stuff. And you look at the typical shape of that curve, what we absolutely are seeing is the '21, 3 the '21, 4, looks like it's turning over. Now everybody is going to trend it their own way. But when we look at that and you look at the timing of loss, we absolutely see these things coming in certainly within our targeted range. The ‘22, 1 and the ‘22, 2 we're watching very closely, looks like that's beginning to turn over. Admittedly, the ‘22, 3, ‘22, 4 earlier in the life have not yet turned over, and so we're watching that very carefully. But neither had those previous ones I mentioned at the point at which they exist. So all of this, when we trended out, we know the sub-segments that are in there, we know how they perform and how early the loss comes. We absolutely believe all of this is coming in, in the 2% to 2.5% range, which is truly our target. So does that give you the color you need, Seth, anything further on that?
Seth Basham: That's helpful. Of the securitizations you have outstanding, are you forecasting losses for any of them above that 2% to 2.5% range?
Jon Daniels: For those -- for the securitizations we have today because, again, we have the luxury of breaking that down by sub-segment by different pockets. And we right now do not see anything above the 2.5%. Again, that's -- and again, that's a target. Yes. Not saying the inning is going to come above there. If something came up at 2.5%, 2.55% at the end of the day, we will reserve for it accordingly. It will be what it is. But no, right now, we do not see that. And I think the only other point I'll make is, again, this is what has been securitized to-date. Bear in mind, and I think you're well aware of this, Seth. It's four, five, six months before it ends up in a bulk of our tightening has absolutely occurred over the last year. So I fully expect as that stuff hits the market, you're going to see clearly the evidence of the tightening that we have done over the last year.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: As Jon had mentioned, a lot of the receivables that we don't see are in our warehouses, right? It's about, what, 60% roughly of what you'll see, are in the securitization data that's public, but there's a good chunk of receivables that are not necessarily public because they're an warehouses there in alternative facilities. And that's really where you see a lot of that tightening. That's blending into the overall loss rate.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: I had a question on AI. At your Analyst Day a few months ago, you highlighted several ways in which your tech team was driving innovation. I guess I'm wondering, very big picture, whether you see AI as a technology that is going to level the playing field for other used car retailers or rather might be a wedge technology that really does ultimately separate winners from losers.
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, thank you for the question, Craig. Well, first of all, I think we kind of have to separate AI versus generative AI because AI has been around a long time. We've been leveraging it for a long time in a lot of different aspects of the business. And when we talked about it most recently at the day that you're referring, it was really more generative AI. And I think at some point, folks will be embracing generative AI. I think the early adopters are the ones that get the benefit in the near term. And as you referenced, I mean, we're leveraging in a lot of different spots. We're leveraging in our creative. We're leveraging it in our coding. We're working on some generative AI assistance on a knowledge base for our CECs, which we think is going to be really powerful. We're leveraging it on a conversational search. We've got some tests going on right now where instead of typing in key search things, we can actually do conversational search with consumers. So again, I don't -- I think it's one of those things that's kind of going to be at the end of the day, you just need to have it. And if you don't, you're going to be at a disadvantage. So, I think those that embrace it earlier actually get an early benefit of embracing it.
Operator: We'll turn now to Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan.
Rajat Gupta: I had a follow-up question on CAF around net interest margin. Should we look at that 5.9% as a loan exposure and stable around that level going forward? I just wanted to clarify that and just have one quick follow-up on SG&A.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. I appreciate the question, Rajat. Yes, I think that's a fair thought, right? I mean we signaled a couple of quarters ago that we felt like that 6% range was about where we're going to level off. Remember, we're coming off of relatively historic high. So, we've been pleased that our ability to pass this rate along to the customer. Obviously, there was a shock in the interest rate market. So said it was coming, those higher interest rates were coming and it clearly has helped us to level off. So, we're pleased where we sit right now. And I think we would anticipate stabilizing at this level. Obviously, all bets are off with where the Fed heads, hopefully, rates aren't going up. If they remain stable, we think we're in a good spot. If they come down and turn down as a reminder, typically rate increases lag when rates go up and rate decreases lag when rates come down. So hopefully, potentially, we could enjoy some added margin on the way down. But right now, I think we're in a stable spot.
Bill Nash: Yes, Rajat, I just would add. Look, I think Jon has done a good job of kind of saying, look, we expect to be in this range. We said we were 6, 1 in the last couple of quarters, give us a little wiggle room depending on what the cost of funds in here, it's down a little bit, but it's really reflected the cost of funds. So I think the way we think about it is it's really no change in story, as Jon said.
Rajat Gupta: Understood. And just on SG&A, I mean, it looks like there are some continued actions you are taking there on the head count side. Can you give us a sense of what areas are these taking place at? Is it the CECs, or salespeople or Edmond? And any -- and is this an indication of your view on the market backdrop in any way in the near to medium term? And relatedly, could you quantify how much the impact was from the bonus accruals this quarter as well?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: That was a multi-pronged question there for that. If I miss one, just...
Rajat Gupta: Sorry.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: If I miss one, just remind what the question was in terms of where the reductions have been when it comes to compensation, which I think was your first question. It's really been across the board. We've had -- compared to last year, almost a 10% decrease in our head count when it comes to SG&A. And that's been across the board in our CECs. It's been in the business office and the stores and the field sales consultants down as well. So what you're really looking at is tight control of our overhead in compensation, better metric to sales, but also really driving efficiency. We continue to see quarter-over-quarter year-over-year improvements in the efficiency of the omni model. And we've talked about that on two of the three metrics that we track in terms of the impact of omni on total units, so used plus wholesale were more efficient than we used to be at this point. When you look at as a percent of total gross profit, we're more efficient than we used to be versus when we launched omni. And one indicator, we're still not as efficient, but we're working our way there is the omni operating model as compared on a per retail unit basis. Our goal is to be more efficient, but we're not quite there yet. So we feel really good about the progress we're making. And what that really does, that focus on efficiency positions us really well for when sales rebound and they will. And when they do, we do expect to flow through those sales at a stronger clip I think that was one of your questions.
Rajat Gupta: The other was like just the continued reductions in any way trying to -- or is it an indication of like the market backdrop in any way? Is there a view that you're taking on the volume recovery here, over the next few quarters? And then the third part of the question was just what would the -- if you could quantify the impact from the bonus accruals in the third quarter.
Bill Nash: Rajat, this is Bill. I'll take the first part. Enrique, you take SG&A. As far as, look, if you look at our staffing, I think for this whole year, we've been fairly stable. Like Enrique said, we're down about 10%, but head count total has been fairly consistent to the last few quarters. And I think we've really put ourselves in a position that we can be very nimble here. So depending on what happens with the business, if the business picks up. We feel really good about where we are from a staffing-wise, we can manage hours that kind of thing. If the business took a downturn for some reason, we also feel like we have some flexibility. So I think we've really kind of given ourselves a nimbleness that we feel good about going forward. And then I'll pass to you.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, but the corporate bonus pace within compensation. So very specifically, that was about $5 million in the quarter in terms of favorability.
Operator: We will turn now to Scot Ciccarelli with Truist.
Scot Ciccarelli: So I have a follow-up on the affordability issues. Do you guys think you need to get back to 2019 levels and affordability to get your 2019 volume levels back to -- get back to on a 2019 levels on a per store basis? And then related to that, any insight you guys could provide in 4Q? I think investors have generally been expecting comps to turn positive in 4Q just due to easy comparisons, but I believe some of the third-party data suggest trends might be still negative. I appreciate that.
Bill Nash: Yes. Sure, Scott. I think on the first part of your question, you're talking about affordability. And I assume you're talking about the price of cars where it was in 2019 versus where it is today? Am I interpreting the question, right?
Scot Ciccarelli: Correct?
Bill Nash: Look, I don't think I'd be hard pressed to say that I think we'll get back to the 2019 levels. I do think there's plenty of room -- back 2019, I think average sales price was 20,000. This period, it was a little over 27,000 and I think it's -- we'll get back down hopefully in the low 20s, low 20s or so, maybe mid- like 25 or so, all of those are better than where they are today. And we already see kind of year-over-year where our under $20,000 cars and our under $25,000 cards, we're making progress there. So we think that's a good sign. But do I think they'll get all the way there. I don't think so, partly because just new cars are becoming more and more expensive. So I think the bigger thing there is what does that gap look like in the future? And then as far as comps go, yes, look, I think the market, it's been a little choppy and from a consumer demand standpoint. If I look at the three months of the quarter, it was choppy. I mean, September was our best month, although it was still negative. October was the lowest month, November was similar to October, although it was a little -- it was better than -- November was better than October, although they were similar. And then December is similar to November, although right now, it's a little bit better. So, I think we're continuing to monitor elasticity, doing the things that we need to do. And I'm hopeful that as we see some of this depreciation manifest itself but on the front line. I think that will be good for the industry going forward.
Scot Ciccarelli: Bill, I guess my question is on the affordability issue. Like do you need -- how much improvement do you need in affordability to get your volume back on a kind of a per store basis to what you saw in 2019?
Bill Nash: Yes. Look, it's a hard question to be able to exactly answer what that needs to be. I think that, again, I think we can get back on to the comp growth without having to get back to 2019. And again, we've seen sequential improvements this year even though the prices haven't come down dramatically from the start of the year. So it's a hard question to answer, Scott. But look, our goal is to get back on to the comp growth. And the reality is if I look at first 10 months of this calendar year, which we have market share data for versus the last six months of last year. We're doing better from a market share standpoint for the first 10 months than we were the last six months of last year, which I think is encouraging. We haven't comped total year-over-year yet because the first half of last year was so strong. But as I said earlier, I'm encouraged by the fact that October is the first month we have month-over-month market share -- a year-over-year market share growth.
Operator: We'll go now to John Healy with Northcoast Research.
John Healy: Just wanted to ask, Bill, just your expectations kind of maybe on this year's tax season, it's just around the corner. And what you see as kind of maybe pluses or minuses. I don't know I know we all fixate on kind of the monthly trends, but anything relating to tax season, how you guys are feeling like that might impact this year's business or any kind of other exogenous factors that might go into kind of maybe how we see February or March demand levels kind of materialize?
Bill Nash: Yes, I'll tell you, John, if you know, I appreciate a call afterwards, and let's talk about it if you know the answer to that. I don't -- right now, I don't foresee there's nothing I can say that would say, okay, tax season is going to be dramatically different than last year. I mean I think in tax season, you expect to sell more cars, I think it will be similar. I think what's going to be interesting is last year, at the beginning of the calendar year. There was really steep appreciation in vehicles. And I think it will be interesting. We aren't counting on that steep appreciation. So it will be interesting to see the year-over-year dynamics of that from a pricing standpoint. But as we sit here right now, we're kind of planning a tax season that was similar to last year because we don't really see any signs that make it dramatically different.
Operator: We'll go now to Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: I guess a follow-up on that. Have you changed the way you show inventory on the website? Because it does look like there's been a big inventory build so far in the last few months. And if you're not expecting kind of a sea change in the tax refund season, I'm just curious on why we're seeing that inventory build.
Bill Nash: Yes, Sharon, that's a great question. And -- what you're seeing there is if you look at the average saleable inventory for the quarter, year-over-year, and the average, it's very similar to last year. If you look at the end of the quarter, to your point, it's up. And the reality is total inventory is up a little bit, and it's up in salable versus non-salable. And the reason it's up in salable is because we're planning some production shutdown. If you remember, last year, the holiday fell on the weekend well we don't build cars on the weekend. This year, it falls on a day, both January, but the first and December 25th fall on weekdays. And we want to give our folks time off and be able to join the holidays. So we actually did a little bit of a pre-build early on to make sure that we took in consideration that we want to have the shops closed and give time off for the holiday. So, it's really -- that's kind of what you're seeing. There is a little bit of year-over-year dynamics as well, but that's the bulk of what you're seeing.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. And any thought process yet on kind of how you're viewing expansion from a unit standpoint for next year?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: For new locations?
Sharon Zackfia: Yes.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, we'll provide that guidance in we usually provide that guidance in our Q4 call, and that's what we'll intend to do.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas.
Chris Bottiglieri: I was just hoping you could elaborate on the comment on not expecting to see a profit share in ESP. Would you expect F&I in Q4 to be similar to Q3? Is the historical seasonal difference primarily profit share? And then, does that have any spillover effect into next fiscal year, like in terms of how you set the -- I don't know, like anyway, just is there any spillover effect from the lower Q4 profit share?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. The seasonal effect is really more related to sales, right, and as sales map, so ESP penetration in dollars. So the only thing we've seen in the past couple of years is really in the fourth quarter where we've seen that profit share from our partners materialized at the end of the quarter. And last year was pretty material. I think it was over $15 million. And so I wanted to make sure we called that out. Just given the inflationary pressures that our partners have seen over the past year, it's just made their profitability a little bit more pinched. And at the end of the day, when we look for profit share, there needs to be a certain amount that they're seeing for us to have that -- to share in that. So what we've anticipated so far for this year is that we will not see that profit share. But again, that's really due to inflationary pressures that our partners are seeing.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay. And then I was hoping you could kind of elaborate on the warehouse portfolio. It's roughly 2/3 the size of the kind of securitized stuff. Like could you just maybe tell us a little bit more about what's in there? What's the average age today versus the securities portfolio? If you were to look at these like non-securitized non-Tier 2, 3 test receivables, like how does the loss performance of those vintages compared to like the like-for-like vintages that are in the securitized book? It sounds like you're signaling that it's better, but I was hoping you can just kind of elaborate on that a little bit more.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, I'll take that one, Chris. Yes, really, our warehouse lines provide that short-term funding until we take it to an ABS market or we look at other instruments to do a more permanent funding solution there. But our conduit lines right now primarily hold the newest assets until we take them to the market. So you've got -- this quarter stuff is going to sit there. Last quarter stuff is going to sit there. Let's call that $4 billion. There could be some spillover as well. So as we've mentioned, we've done significant tightening certainly from the Tier 3 and Tier 2. But if we isolate the Tier 1, we've tightened in the Tier 1 space. we would absolutely expect those Tier 1 assets to perform better than what's in the securitization. Again, all of it, we think it performs very well. But from a loss perspective, in particular, that conduit stuff is going to be a lower loss than what you're seeing in the most recent securitizations.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: The receivables will tend to sit in our warehouses for between three to six, seven months, right, until the time they then go into the securitizations. And so, that's why you see a little bit of a timing delay, right, between the performance of those two buckets of receivables.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Just one last quick one, just we brought it up. The season has been ticking up a little bit. Is that -- is there any -- I know some of it is the Tier 2, Tier 3, but is that just the ABS markets still aren't perfectly loose, you're just not secure as much as you would like to or why I guess why is it seizing up a little bit versus what we might have seen pre-COVID.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. I think that really comes down to volume. I mean, we're obviously a ton of sales CAF continues to originate $2 billion a quarter. We look at the securitization market and we try and match the amount of the volume that we put into each deal with the demand that's out there, obviously, with our growth. We're doing about $1.5 billion each deal times four deals. We're originating about $8 billion. That has great a year. That has grown over time. So therefore, naturally, it has to sit a little bit longer than the warehouses. I don't think it's anything unique going on there. It's just purely a timing thing.
Operator: We'll go now to Michael Montani with Evercore ISI.
Michael Montani: Yes. Wanted to ask, first off, on the provisioning front, we were thinking kind of $90 million plus seems to be a run rate trend and obviously, it came in better. So, is that the right way to think about this, maybe starting with a six handle in the near term given some of the tightening that you've done and all that we know? And then I just had an SG&A follow-up.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. So just to touch on the provision once again. Again, two main components. It's any change, we believe in the existing book of business versus what we had reserved for in the preceding quarter and then the new originations. The way I think about that is, let's take the second one first. New originations, we did $2 billion this year. There's a piece of Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 business. We've cited Tier 3 is limited. Tier 2 is in test volume. Tier 1 is the bulk of it. You sign an anticipated lifetime loss rate plus the cost to recover from a repossession standpoint, which is relatively small, but a sign up an overall expectation of the $2 billion. That's one piece of your provision. And then, it's a function of how well we've reserved for it from the preceding quarter. As we mentioned this quarter, we felt like we've done a good job. Nothing we saw within the quarter performance suggested we were materially off -- and so that's how you ended up with $68 million. So, I think you've got to bifurcate those two pieces and that's how you set your provision each successive quarter.
Michael Montani: And I guess just a follow-up then on SG&A to gross. Is the mid-70s kind of near-term target still the right way to think about that level? And just overall, I mean, do we think that SG&A dollars can continue to come down in the near term if this is kind of the demand backdrop? Or do we start to build SG&A dollars to try to drive volume and share.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. So a couple of questions there. In terms of the mid-70% SG&A as a percent of gross profit, it's absolutely our next step that we've communicated. We've made material strides in driving efficiency in our business. And hitting that mid-70 is our next school. But in addition to the cost management efforts that we've undertaken, we're also going to require the consumer to return with some strength. SG&A efficiency is also a function of gross profit. And so to hit that in 70%, we are going to need to see some decent gross profit growth as well, but that's absolutely our next step. When it comes to SG&A kind of moving forward, again, we're proud of the material year-over-year reductions that we've been able to deliver. And what I'll point out is that we've done that at the same time that we've improved our customer and our associate experience as we migrate further along in our omnichannel, right? And this focus on efficiency really positions us well for when sales rebound. Now for Q4, it will be a little bit more challenging as we've largely anniversaried over our cost levers. So Q4, I would tell you it will be more impacted by our sales performance in terms of that year-over-year SG&A dollar movement.
Bill Nash: Yes. And generally, historically, Q3 to Q4, your SG&A does go up to the reasons you're pointing, which is more volume, and as Enrique said, volume-driven.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America.
John Murphy: Just a question on inventory. I don't know if you can disclose this or if you have the information, but what do you think the average ASP is in your inventory that you'll sell out? I mean you've seen ASP come down about $2,000 from the peak, and we're still not getting the same-store sales comp lift that you might expect as that price is coming down. I'm just curious what's in inventory? And are you able to acquire inventory at lower prices going forward just to drive the comp?
Bill Nash: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. Yes, the within inventory now. Keep in mind, what we sold through the quarter it's more than 50% of that was bought prior to the quarter. So what's in inventory now is stuff that was bought during the quarter, which talked about, there's been some steep depreciation during the quarter, and we're continuing to see depreciation. So that should bring prices down. Keep in mind, though, just to kind of ground everyone in any given year, you need about -- just during the year, you need about $1,500 of depreciation, just to keep your sales prices flat, and that's just because as new cars come out, they're more expensive. So you really don't get much benefit until after you get over $1,500 on an annual basis. So I do -- we do feel while we don't disclose what we think the average price is, it is our inventory -- saleable inventory at this point is cheaper than what was sold in the quarter.
John Murphy: That's very helpful. And then just one follow-up on the market share, I mean, obviously, that's an output of what's going on in the market and your actions and competitive forces. I mean how do you think about what's going on in the competitive landscape? Because I mean if you think about a company like an automation at about 1.3 million used vehicles last year. Or on an LTM basis, they just stepped up their buying outside of their dealerships and they did about 100,000 units outside their dealerships from say had been doing before. So, it just seems like that the franchise side, and that's one unique example, but are going after some of the same vehicles that you are even outside the traditional channels. Are you seeing that as you're going out there and acquiring or is that just -- is that kind of a one-off?
Bill Nash: You mean as far as the acquisition of vehicles?
John Murphy: Well, I mean, the franchise dealers traditionally would take flow from the new vehicle, the trade-ins and other sources. But they've stepped outside of that traditional channel are going out to third parties or not in auctions, but direct-to-consumer as well, and that was an incremental source of 100,000 units for them on an LTM basis, and that's just new, right? That's just incremental and new activity. So, I'm just curious, if that's unique to them or you're seeing that sort of more in general?
Bill Nash: Yes. No, I think -- look, you're very aware of just kind of the volume that's out there in auctions, especially zero- to four-year-old vehicles. And if folks are looking for that inventory, they got to be a little bit more creative. So, it doesn't surprise me that other folks are doing that. Our zero to four sales actually year-over-year went up a little bit. So, I would -- I mean that's one data point that you have. I think all the dealers are just trying to get vehicles from wherever they can. And that's why I'm excited about some of the product innovation when it comes to things like Max offer. When we talk about sales efficiency, that's just from the consumers we don't add in there, what we're getting from other dealers. And that product skews more retail than it does wholesale. So, it doesn't surprise me that you have an example of that. I think folks that can do things like that, they're going to try to do that. And then, there's a lot of competitors. Let me keep in mind, there's tens of thousands of competitors that sell zero to 10-year-old cars. Some of them don't have that ability.
Operator: We'll take our final question from David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston: Just wanted to ask about advertising expense, which did go up year-over-year, whereas for the nine months, it's down what was the catalyst to make you increase spending this quarter is what I'm curious about.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, that's going to be very much a function just of our CapEx spend and the depreciation there. But then also when it comes to our technology spend, portion of our technology spend is going to be depreciated, right? And so, you'll see that impact in our D&A.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think on the advertising piece. Look, we're in this for the long haul. And so, we're going to spend money on brand, we're going to spend money on acquisition. Keep in mind, and we're trying to think about in the new year, how to talk about advertising. When we talk about advertising, keep in mind, that's advertising for sales, that's advertising for buy, that's advertising on Edmond. So all along, we've said, hey, we're going to spend more in the back half of the year, but it's going to be similar on a full year basis. And so we're actually executing it. Now I don't want you to think that we're just like going in advertising. We're absolutely measuring the ROI. But what you got to realize is sometimes if the ROIs not go on sales, you may shift some to buys or you may shift some to Edmond. So, it just depends on what's going on in a given quarter, but we would expect -- and generally, you spend a little bit more in the fourth quarter because it's -- you've got tax season coming, which is an increase in volume. So that's really what you're seeing.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, David, sorry, apologize. I thought you were asking about depreciation.
David Whiston: I appreciate the clarification.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: You got an extra answer?
David Whiston: Are you guys being more aggressive on your offers to consumers who want to sell a vehicle to you with wholesale units up nearly 8%? I was just curious if you're looking to acquire more vehicles.
Bill Nash: Look, we want to acquire all the vehicles, but we're going to do it in a very thoughtful, profitable way. I mean you could -- we could buy a lot more cars, but it wouldn't make sense from a profitability standpoint. So, I think the team has done a phenomenal job, especially given the steep depreciation that we've seen, how they've been able to stay on top of it because that's definitely a short-term headwind.
Operator: And at this time, we have no additional questions standing by. I'd like to turn the call back over to Bill for closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Jamie. Well, I want to thank all of you for joining the call today and for your questions and your continued support. As always, I want to thank our associates for everything they do to how to take care of each other and the customers and the communities. I want to wish all of them a happy holiday season as loves all of you all. And we will talk again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-09-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Lowenstein, AVP Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Chelsea. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2024 second quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance Operations. Let me remind you, our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations and assumptions and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important facts that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K filed with the SEC this morning and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2023 previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Department at 804-747-0422, extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great, thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Although our second quarter results largely reflect the same widespread pressures that we cited over the past year, we continue to see sequential quarterly improvement across our business. We believe the deliberate steps we are taking to control what we can are supporting our business now while also positioning us well for the future. This quarter we delivered strong retail GPU. We further reduced SG&A year-over-year. We maintained used sellable inventory units at a similar level to the first quarter, while total inventory dollars decreased by 18% year-over-year, split approximately evenly between lower units and reduced acquisition costs. We drove strong wholesale GPU despite experiencing steep depreciation and we stabilized CAF’s net interest margins while we maintained penetration. For the second quarter of FY '24, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $7.1 billion, down 13% compared to last year, driven by lower retail and wholesale volume and prices. In our retail business, while total unit sales declined 7.4% and used unit comps were down 9%, we continued to achieve sequential quarterly improvement. Further, comp sales improved sequentially by month across the second quarter. Average selling price declined approximately $1200 per unit or 4% year-over-year. Retail gross profit per used unit was $2,251, similar to last year's second quarter record high of $2,282. We continue to expect this year's full year per unit margin will be similar to last year. As always, we will continue to test price elasticity and monitor the competitive landscape. Wholesale unit sales were down 11.2% versus the second quarter last year. Like used unit sales, this reflects continued sequential improvement year-over-year from the second half of last year and this year's first quarter. Average selling price declined approximately $1,300 per unit or 12% year-over-year. Wholesale gross profit per unit was $963, up from $881 a year ago. We achieved this despite experiencing steep depreciation that was concentrated primarily in June and July. We bought approximately 292,000 vehicles from consumers and dealers during the quarter, down 15% from last year as we adjusted offers to reflect the steep depreciation that we're seeing in the marketplace. Of these vehicles, we purchased approximately 273,000 from consumers in the quarter with a little more than half of those buyers coming through our online instant appraisal experience. As a result, our self-sufficiency remained above 70% during the quarter. Supported by Edmunds sales team, we sourced the remaining approximately 19,000 vehicles through dealers, down 5% from last year. In regard to our second quarter online metrics, approximately 14% of retail unit sales were online, up from 11% last year. Approximately 55% of retail unit sales were omni sales this quarter, up from 53% in the prior year. Nearly all of our second quarter wholesale auctions in sales, which represents 19% of total revenue remained virtual and are considered online transactions. Total revenue resulting from online transactions was approximately 31%, up slightly from 30% last year. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $135 million, down from $183 million during the same period last year. Jon will provide more detail on customer financing, the loan loss provision and cash contributions in a few minutes. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our second quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone. As Bill noted, we drove another quarter of sequential improvement in year-over-year performance across key financial metrics, including unit sales, wholesale margins, gross profit, SG&A, and EPS. Second quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.75 versus $0.79 a year ago. Total gross profit was $697 million, down 5% from last year's second quarter. Used retail margin declined by 9% to $452 million, driven by lower volume at similar per unit margins. Wholesale vehicle margin declined by 3% to $137 million with a decrease in volume partially offset by stronger per unit margin performance. Other gross profit was $108 million, up 6% from last year's second quarter. This increase was driven by service, which delivered a $20 million improvement over last year with this year's quarter reporting a $14 million loss. As we communicated in our last two earnings calls, our expectation is that service will deliver improved year-over-year performance for FY '24 as a result of the efficiency and cost coverage measures that we've put in place. The extent of the improvement will also depend on sales performance given the leveraged deleveraged nature of service. The improvement in service was partially offset by reduction in extended protection planned or EPP revenues and third party finance fees. EPP revenues were down $8 million primarily due to lower sales and were to a lesser degree impacted by slightly lower penetration rates, partially due to recent pricing increases taken to offset cost pressures experienced by our third party providers. These items were partially offset by favorability in year-over-year reserve adjustments. Third party finance fees were down $4 million from last year's second quarter, driven by lower volume in Tier 2 for which we receive a fee. On the SG&A front, expenses for the second quarter were $586 million, down 12% from the prior year's quarter as we continue to see the benefits of our cost management efforts. To a lesser degree, we also had some timing favorability in the quarter. SG&A as a percent of gross profit was 84%, a leverage of 6.3 points as compared to last year's second quarter. The decrease in SG&A dollars over last year was mainly due to the following. First, other overhead decreased by $41 million. This decrease was driven by several factors, including continued favorability in non-CAF uncollectible receivables, favorability in costs associated with lower staffing levels, and from reductions in spend for our technology platforms and strategic initiatives, which included a timing benefit this quarter. We also had two smaller items in the quarter that largely offset each other. These consisted of additional settlement dollars from the same class action lawsuit we spoke to in the first quarter, offset by unfavorable self-insured losses related to multiple hailstorm events. Second, total compensation and benefits decreased $28 million, excluding a $7 million increase in share based compensation. This decrease was primarily driven by our continued focus on driving efficiency gains and aligning staffing levels in stores and CECs to sales. Third, we reduced advertising by $17 million. This decrease was due to a reduction in per unit spend as compared to last year's peak per unit spend, lower volume and timing. As we communicated on our fourth quarter call, as we enter the back half of FY '24, we will have largely anniversaried over the year-over-year benefits from our cost management efforts. With that said, we remain disciplined with our spend. We also expect timing in marketing and technology spend to impact the back half of FY '24. In regard to marketing, we still expect our full year spend on a per unit basis to be similar to FY '23 spend level. Accordingly, our spend in the back half of FY '24 will exceed the per unit spend from the front half. Regarding technology spend, approximately $10 million of the year-to-date, the year-over-year favorability experience and other overhead will hit the back half of FY '24. We remain committed to effectively managing our cost structure. Our performance in the first half of the year has us on track to deliver on our goal of low single digit gross profit growth to lever SG&A for the full year, even when excluding the benefits from this year's legal settlements. Regarding capital structure, while we paused the repurchase of our common stocks during the third quarter of fiscal 2023, we intend to restart our share repurchase program this quarter. We expect a modest initial pace that would be below the average quarterly paces prior to our pause. Our objective is to appropriately manage our net leverage to maintain financial flexibility and to efficiently access capital markets for both CAF and CarMax as a whole, while also returning capital back to shareholders. As of the end of the quarter, we had $2.45 billion of repurchase authorization remaining. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique and good morning everyone. During the second quarter, CarMax Auto Finance originated $2.2 billion resulting in penetration of 42.8% net of three day payoffs, which was consistent with Q1 and up from 41.2% observed during the second quarter last year. Within the quarter, CAF tightened further within Tier 3 and is retaining only a modest amount of volume at this time. We have however, slightly increased our investment in the Tier 2 space in an effort to continue our learning and additional credit pockets that we believe will provide future opportunity. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 11.1%, an increase of 170 basis points from the same period last year and in line with Q1. Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was 18.1% as a combination of previous lender tightening and consumer hesitation, especially in the lower credit tiers, drove the majority of reduction versus the 21.6% penetration observed last year. Tier 3 accounted for 6.4% of sales as compared to 6% last year, as lenders benefited slightly from CAFs and Tier 2s tightening. CAF income for the quarter was $135 million, down from $183 million in the same period last year. This $48 million year-over-year decrease is driven by a $90 million increase in interest expense, partially offset by $60 million of growth in interest and fee income as well as a $14 million increase in loss provision. Note our interest expense was impacted by a negative $1.2 million fair market value adjustment from our hedging strategy versus a positive $9.4 million adjustment seen in the same period last year. Within the quarter, total interest margin on the full portfolio decreased to $265 million, down $30 million from the same period last year. The corresponding margin to receivables rate of 6.1% however has levelled off as expected and is in line with Q1. I am proud of the teams' continued ability to effectively manage finance margin CAF penetration and sales conversion to benefit CarMax as a whole. The loan loss provision in Q2 of $90 million results in an ending reserve balance of $538 million or 3.08% of ending receivables. This is compared to a reserve of $535 million last quarter, which was 3.11% of receivables. The slight reduction in the reserve to receivables rate is a function of the portfolio tightening, partially offset by the modest additional investment in the Tier 2 business and adjustments on loss expectations within the existing portfolio. We believe the tightening will have a positive impact on the future required reserve, but we will also continue to look for opportunities to capture long-term profitability for CarMax while maintaining a targeted Tier 1 cumulative net credit loss rate of 2% to 2.5%. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you Jon and Enrique. As I mentioned at the start of the call, we believe the steps we are taking in response to the current environment are supporting our business in the near-term while also positioning us well for the long run. We will continue to focus on delivering what we believe is the most customer centric experience in the industry as we prioritize initiatives that drive operational efficiencies and make our omni channel experience faster, simpler and more seamless for our associates and customers. Some examples from the second quarter include for online, we're rolling out a number of new capabilities that enhance our digital shopping experience and our customer experience centers or CECs. We launched a new order processing system. Sales orders generated through the new system automatically connect to customers' online accounts and to our progression tracker. This tool guides customers through each step of the car buying journey and provides a more seamless experience for customers who prefer to blend self-progression with assistance from associates. We've begun testing this system in our stores, which will unlock this functionality for all of our customers, regardless of where they start their buying journey. We are also expanding capabilities for Sky, our 24/7 virtual assistant. As you might recall, Sky enables us to officially assist customers via automated chat functionality while taking work out of our CEC system. In addition to supporting workflows related to the finance applications, vehicle transfers and appointment reservations, Sky is now able to identify customers who have an appraisal instant offer. Sky helps these customers complete the next steps for their trade in. Previously, associates would have to reach out to provide further support. We've been pleased with our customers' adoption of Sky as they progress in their shopping journey. For our stores, we're continuing to leverage data automation to reduce costs and improve transaction speed and accuracy. We have deployed an integrated payoff service in our business office, which allows associates to obtain automated payoff amounts for over 40% of the lenders holding titles for the cars we buy from consumers. In many instances, this service also enables us to receive titles faster by expediting payoffs. For auctions, we continue to test enhancements to our platform by upgrading the information we provide dealers, which enables them to submit more informed bids. For example, we launched the test using technology from our investment and partnership with UBI [ph] that provides more detailed information on tire conditions including brand, speed, size and tread depth of each tire. Dealer feedback on this offering has been positive and we plan to roll out other enhancements in the upcoming quarters. Before turning to Q&A, I want to recognize two significant milestones in the company's history. First, this June, we celebrated the two-year anniversary of welcoming all the talented Edmunds associates to our team. We're very excited with the value that we have created together so far as we continue to build out our vehicle and customer acquisition programs. For example, as I've previously mentioned, we utilized the Edmunds sales team to sign up and support dealers for our Max software product, which has enabled us to extend our market leading position as a buyer of cars. We also recently launched an appraisal tool for dealer websites that makes instant offers based on CarMax's algorithm that are redeemable via Max offer. We have received positive feedback from dealers that are utilizing this service and are pleased with the initial results.
Recurrent: Second, we've launched customized range maps on edmunds.com that enable customers to determine how far they can drive on a single charge based on zip code specific to their route. And third, we have built guide to help customers evaluate potential tax credits and incentives for EVs. These cover all available federal and state EV programs, plus thousands of incentive offers from local utilities and municipalities across the country, with more to come. Also this month, we are celebrating CarMax's 30th anniversary. I want to thank and congratulate all of our associates for the work that they do. They are the differentiator and they are the key to our success. Not many companies have the opportunity to revolutionize an industry twice. We're proud to have reshaped the used car industry by driving integrity, honesty and transparency in every interaction. We are excited to reshape the industry again by offering a uniquely personalized car buying experience that enables customers to do as much or as little online and in stores they want. We're confident in the future of our diversified business model and believe the deliberate steps we are taking today will drive growth in the years ahead. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Chelsea?
Operator: And our first question will come from Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Yes, thank you. My question goes to trade in cycles, with rates moving higher, are you seeing elongated trade in cycles from your customers that are reluctant to give up lower rates that they might have locked in during the pandemic?
Bill Nash: Yes, Craig, good morning. I think what we're seeing is, there's absolutely some customers that are because of either the affordability issue which really goes into their monthly payment, customers staying on the sidelines, which would answer the question, are the trade in cycles a little longer? Yes, I would say the trade in cycle is a little longer. As far as how to quantify that, I can't give you a specific number, but we absolutely see traffic flow coming in at the top of the funnel where there's interest and again continue to fall off at the conversion point when people actually start to see their monthly payments and this is especially true in the lower credit customers.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Good morning.
Jon Daniels: Good morning.
Brian Nagel: So I have a couple of questions, I'll merge them together. First off with regard to the buyback, just maybe talk a little about the decision to restart here and then maybe explain a little bit your comment about the modest start, how you expect to start modestly? Then the second question just with respect to demand, so as we're seeing as you highlighted in your comments, there's been a sequential improvement in your used car unit comps and they are still negative, but better than they have been. Comparison is getting easier because you look at the data, are you seeing anything that suggests that, that in certain pockets you're actually seeing real demand improve or maybe some benefits of what you've done to merchandise better older lower priced vehicles? Thanks.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, I'll jump in on the first question. So an important component of our capital allocation strategy has been returning capital back to shareholders. Our goal in that strategy is really to balance investing in the business, ensuring the capital structure that we have is where we want it to be and then returning capital back to shareholders. The past few quarters of our sequential improvement in our performance has really placed us in a position where we're able to restart albeit at a modest pace. Modest really means an initial amount below our average from the pre-pause quarterly pace which was about $150 million a quarter. So initially we're going to begin with roughly $50 million a quarter, plus or minus. It's a quarterly amount that when annualized would roughly offset annual dilution. So it could be a little heavy, it could be a little light in our goal, but that's what we're initially targeting.
Bill Nash: Yes, and Brian on the second part of your question, I'll go back to a little bit of what I told Craig. We're seeing good top of funnel folks shopping. It's just when it comes to actually meeting the monthly payments that's where we see the fall off. I think specific to your question, we are seeing still an increased demand for the little bit older vehicles. In our own sales for the quarter, if I think about cars over six years old, 60,000 miles, the sales for that pocket sequentially ticked up not only quarter-over-quarter but certainly year-over-year. So there still is that demand. I think the market data would also tell you if you look at vehicles that are older than 10 years old that sector of vehicle is actually performing a little bit better than the zero to 10 at this point.
Brian Nagel: Very helpful. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Our next question will come from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. My question is on the competitive environment. How are you thinking about the outlook here over the next six months or so based on a shift in demand to those older vehicles as well as the potential ripple effects of the UAW strikes?
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning, Seth. Well, first of all on the UAW strikes, I think it's a little too early to know exactly what the price -- the precise impact of those strikes are going to be. Obviously we're closely monitoring the situation to try to identify downstream impacts of the vehicle supply pricing and parts and a lot of that's going to depend on how long the strike goes on. Obviously this isn't the first time we've worked through an issue like this and I think it's one of our strengths having gone through cycles like this in the past and been able to navigate them and I don't expect any difference there. I think as far as the competitive environment, again I think consumers are pressured right now and we'll continue to monitor and provide vehicles that are a little bit older. Keep in mind there's a large subset of the zero to 10 year old cars that just don't meet our parameters so much. Our technicians are great and no matter how good they are and how much money we put into them, they just can't make the cut as a CarMax car, and so we're not going to sacrifice on quality. But we'll continue to put out their vehicles that match our quality that they're also looking for.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: In terms of affordability as well, we still have over a quarter of our inventory is priced less than $20,000. So in terms of hitting that affordability, it certainly is a focus for us.
Seth Basham: Just as a followup, in terms of your ability to source late model vehicles, which are still a majority of what you're selling, are you seeing any more challenges or do you expect that to change going forward?
Bill Nash: No, we aren't seeing any anymore. In fact this quarter I think compared to the previous quarter, we actually went up a little bit in the 0 to 4 category as far as sales go. And again I think the fact that our self-sufficiency is above 70% which doesn't take into consideration anything that we're getting through our Max offer and Max offer there's a nice selection of retail cars in there as well. So I haven't really seen much of a change there and again we've been through cycles like this where we've seen a shortage of late model cars to a more extreme degree than we're seeing right now.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Seth.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Healy with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
John Healy: Thank you. I just want to ask a follow-up question to your comment Bill about the conversion cycle. What's happening after that initial disappointment with the consumer that they can't afford the vehicle? Are you seeing them come back a couple of weeks later? Do you think they're going to the private market? Are they just sitting on the sidelines? I know your sales folks are persistent, so we'd just love to kind of get perspective of what's happening after they meet that surprise affordability roadblock.
Bill Nash: Yes, it's a great question John. If I look at just web traffic and kind of use that as a proxy, we're -- we probably were averaging for the quarter about 37 million hits, which is up substantially year-over-year, and even up over the quarter, probably by about 3 million, 2 million to 3 million hits, which tells me, look, we've got a lot of folks that are out there and they're interested in their window shopping, and some of those are absolutely repeat offenders. It's, those aren't unique, visits. As far as where they're going, look, I think there's a lot of folks unless, they just, their car isn't running anymore. They're just delaying the purchase. I do think that for some of the folks that cannot delay the purchase, I absolutely think that some of them are going down to a different level of car just to make sure that they can afford the monthly payments and to have reliable transportation.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, and I'll tack onto that, John. I think, and that's one of the real values of our finance product. You can easily apply online and then providing the answers back on all the vehicles, you again can very easily pivot and find something in your range, sort, filter accordingly. So I think that's one of the things that we're real excited about being able to provide that to our customer.
Bill Nash: Well, and the fact that having so many lenders on the platform basically competing for the customers also gives them the best interest rate, which is a key component of the monthly payment.
John Healy: Great. Thanks guys.
Bill Nash: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Thank you. Good morning, guys. So I think on the call you commented Bill that comps improved by month, but I think comparison challenges eased, if I'm not mistaken. So what would the monthly cadence look like on a two or three-year stack basis? And then kind of related to that, I know you guys don't guide, haven’t for a very long time, but any reason to believe comps shouldn't turn positive in the back half, just based on current trends and comparisons?
Bill Nash: Yes, Scot, if we look at the quarter specifically, I think I talked about the last call at the beginning of the quarter we're starting out how the last quarter ended on average. And we did, as I said in the call, we did see improvement each month of the quarter and September so far is very similar to similar with a little bit of improvement to where August was. We're not going to give guidance on the rest of the year, but as you said, I mean the comps do because of last year's performance, the comps do get a little bit easier.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. So if I were just to break down 2Q, you're not commenting on 3Q obviously, if I was looking at stacks, like is there a way to kind of look at on a two or three-year stack and help us understand whether there was improvement on that basis?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Well, the two-year stack in the second quarter was better than the first quarter. So I think when it comes to intra quarter, we try not to talk too much about the details of month-to-month especially when looking over year, but I would tell you that second quarter, two-year basis better than the first quarter, as like Bill said.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay, I'll take the rest offline. Thanks guys.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. I apologize if you answered this, my cell cut out and I had to redial in. But obviously you're resuming the share repurchase program. What are the thoughts at this point on store openings? I don't know if you even reiterated the plan for this year and I know you had kind of left the door open and maybe accelerating next year. So just thoughts on that or if perhaps the idea has changed in terms of harvesting more sales at existing locations rather than growing the store base meaningfully?
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning, Sharon. Yes, our outlook at this point, what we've already said hasn't changed. So this year we have a few more stores that we're going to open up, so that will get us to a total of five this year, plus the one standalone production facility that we've talked about down in the Atlanta market. We have not come out and said exactly the number of stores that we'll be building next year yet. We'll talk about that later on in the year, probably Q4 and let you know.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes and that's regular routine. We provide that update on an annual basis along with our CapEx guidance for the year.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, thanks.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Sharon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Michael Montani: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask on the credit front, if you can provide an update on credit availability? And then also to the extent some of the credit behavior was less favorable, how should we think about provisioning, given the current background is kind of $90 million the right number for now? Any color you can give there would be great.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, I'll take them in order. So, credit availability for CarMax again, I think this is one of the values of having the multitude of lenders that we have. We really continue to provide our customers with great access to credit. Now, I think it's not surprised in the industry that obviously lenders are always looking to shore up their portfolios and they've tightened where they've needed to. We've seen most of our tightening from our partners if you will, probably the back half of last calendar year. CAF has tightened over the course of the year and I think that's just standard lending practices that you're going to find right now. But ultimately I think we provide fantastic access to credit certainly in the high 90% range from a mid to over and probably 95% approval rate to customers when they apply. And again, I think we give them access, to see other vehicles that are available to them. Regarding overall performance in the quarter for CAF in particular, we continue to look at our overall portfolio. I'm going to look at this from the lens of our Tier 1 business. We securitize everything. We report on that on a monthly basis, how that's performing. If you really look at the older deals that you might compare the newer deals to the 2017, the 2018, the 2019, even the 2020 deals, exceptionally low loss rates, well below the 2% to 2.5% range they're trending towards right now and obviously for all the reasons that we've cited before, access to cash, government stimulus, all that, so they really outperformed. What we're seeing currently in the newer vintages is really highly expected. It's just a reversion back to sort of the normalized levels that the industry has seen from a lending perspective. So we are -- we were anticipating the 2021 to 2022 deals to go back to that 2% to 2.5% range. I would tell you we're seeing with these higher monthly payments we're probably at the higher portion of that range and that's why we've done the tightening that we've done. We've done it over the course of the last year to some degree in Tier 3, and also pockets in Tier 1 where we see opportunity to pull back. We want to make sure we operate well within that 2% to 2.5% range and I think we've done a nice job there. So ultimately, as you think about the provision going forward, it's a combination of several things I cited in the prepared remarks. The existing portfolio, which again yes, I think we have a good handle on, I think it's going to operate in that 2% to 2.5% range and we've done a nice job there. You've got the new originations, which are certainly going to come in lower, given the tightening. We've pulled back to some degree on the Tier 3. It's a small portion of our business and the Tier 2, we're excited about that space and we see great opportunity. So if you put all that together I think our reserve speaks for itself. We've come from a 311 to a 308. I think it's relatively stable. We think we're well reserved and we'll see how the consumer performs, but I think we're in a good spot right now.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Murphy with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. I just wanted to ask Bill, as you go through periods of steep depreciation, like you're talking about, and we've seen in the used car market on pricing, typically they're accompanied by supply increases, which would drive same-store sales higher. I'm just curious what you're seeing, in the market right now as far as availability and flow of vehicles, maybe in the 0 to 6 year old bucket, which is the target, and then maybe in the 6 to 10 year old, which is a growing target for you over time?
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning, John. When I think -- look back at the depreciation for the quarter, like I said, there was steep depreciation in June and July and quite honestly it started in May. So if you look at May, June and July, there was probably about $3,000 of depreciation, which is absolutely it's steep. And the biggest impact it has on us obviously is really more on the buys, because we're going to adjust accordingly and consumers are always thinking that their vehicles are worth more, so it impacts the buys early on until the rest of the market shifts. So from a buy standpoint, it's a headwind in the short-term. But again, I think the team did a phenomenal job not only maintaining the retail margins, but the wholesale margins, which we haven't talked about because year-over-year they were up even in this steep environment. As far as availability, look, if you're having to rely on outside sources, there's just, it's a, there's a limited supply. And if I think back over at least my tenure here at CarMax, there's just less vehicles available through third party auctions and it's been that way for a while. So, and I don't foresee that changing greatly in the near-term, which is also why we're thrilled to have our self-sufficiency so high and we're continuing to look for avenues to continue to source inventory really retail or wholesale, however we can outside of those sources.
John Murphy: And maybe just a followup, I mean, do you think you could ever get meaningfully above that 70% self-sufficiency that you're at right now, which is pretty damn good to start with, but I mean, are there other avenues maybe through Edmunds or other ways that you could increase that meaningfully?
Bill Nash: Yes, look we could take it to a 100% tomorrow. It's all depends on what you put on the vehicles. I think, we probably, I say this, we probably would never get to a 100% self-sufficiency because You're always going to want to have little pockets of inventory that you're going to want to supplement or whatever. But again, our goal is to drive as much as -- drive it as high as possible. It's been pretty steady in that 70-ish, in that range which we feel we feel good about. And again, I think the key thing here is, it's not only on the retail cars, but we'll also buy every wholesale car as well, so we're absolutely focused on that.
John Murphy: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Hope you could elaborate more on compensation expense. I know you said you're lapping cost cuts, but it seems like that compensation cost cuts have sequentially ramped each quarter. So my question is like, if you look at the full year CAGR that's got in particularly better relative to units particularly Q2 versus Q1, are you still actively reducing headcount if unit trends maintain normal seasonality from here what would happen to compensation? Would that also behave normal or would that be better or worse than normal seasonality?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks for the question, Chris. Yes, at this point with compensation, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we have pretty much anniversaried over the benefits of some of the stronger levers we put in place. So when thinking of compensation that I would think of that for the back half of the year one or more pressured clients, if you will, relative to what we've been here for the past couple quarters. So we've copped over those levers. At the same time, we go through the decision process at this time of year about staffing for tax time, right? And depending on what the expectation is for tax time, we start to ramp up our associate level there as well. So I do expect compensation will be one of the line items moving forward that will be a little bit more pressured relative to what we've been for the past few quarters here.
Jon Daniels: Yes, Chris, and just to bring it to home with some numbers, if you look at a year ago staffing wise, total company we're down about 3000 or so associates and that's pretty consistent with what the first quarter was as well. So we've kind of, as long as we're keeping staffing to where we feel like we need sales to Enrique's point, it will be, the back half of the year will just be you, you won't see as much pickup there.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, which we believe we're appropriately staffed. So those cost management efforts we undertook successfully at this point we're largely successfully staffed and appropriately staffed and so…
Jon Daniels: Yes, the only other thing would be that, and Enrique touched on this in his earlier remarks for everyone to keep in mind is as the back half of the year progresses, that's generally from a seasonality standpoint when we start to think about next year's tax time and building for that and so that generally requires a little bit larger headcount. So we'll be monitoring that as we go through the back half.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got it. That makes sense. And then just quickly on car buying, I think you called that out, it seemed like it was July and August when pricing was the worst, or sorry, June and July, as pricing kind of stabilized a bit in September and lesser extent August, have you seen, are you buying cars more often or more frequently higher conversion from customers, has that kind of trend maintained its pace?
Bill Nash: Yes, so June and July were the worst. August actually was up a little bit and then September [indiscernible] data is probably flattish to a little bit up from a depreciation standpoint or in appreciation standpoint. So I would call August and September fairly similar, but it was a reversal of the steep depreciation. And I think as we look forward to the rest of the year, I think what we'll probably see now, this is assuming no other macro factors and obviously there's a lot of things out there, especially when you start thinking about the strike, but outside of that, I would think, we would continue to see probably more normal seasonal depreciation barring any other new event.
Chris Bottiglieri: And that helps your car buying, like you expect that to pick back up from here or is that, or do you think it's like the level?
Bill Nash: Well, I think what that does is it does a couple of things. One, as depreciation continues, obviously that feeds out onto your front lot prices, so I think that helps some on the affordability issue. I think also more stable depreciation. It just makes it easier to run the business. We do a phenomenal job and the team did a phenomenal job even with that steep depreciation that we saw in the quarter, but when you're starting to see normal depreciation, that's just, that's kind of business as usual for us.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got it. That makes sense. Thank you for the help. I appreciate it.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rajat Gupta with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I just had one question, one clarification. On retail GPU it was a little larger than seasonal decline in the second quarter versus first quarter, last 10 plus years, the average sequential move has been $50 lower. I mean this quarter was more than a 100. Just curious if there were any one-time items that impacted that or were there any pricing tests, anything you would call out? And one clarification.
Bill Nash: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rajat. Yes, when I think about this quarter, actually, I'm pleased. I'm pleased because we talked about last quarter coming in to more in line with where we were last year, which remember last year was a record high for us and as you pointed out, I mean, $30 is within the, in the noise for us. So, I feel good about that, especially considering the environment, that's out there. I think, the first quarter obviously was a record high, and I think there was some dynamics in that quarter where you purchased the vehicles and then we saw some appreciation in that quarter, which keeps you from having to do markdowns, that kind of thing. So I look at the first quarter as more of an anomaly, which is why we set the, said what we did last quarter. We thought we'd be more in line in the second quarter with the second quarter last year. And we reiterate, we think we'll be more in line for the whole year with the whole year of last year, which is still a step up from where we've historically run of $80 to a $100.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And Rajat, just as a reminder, the first quarter, there's some seasonality benefit too, right? So the first quarter tends to be our strongest from a GPU standpoint, just within tax time, so that happening as well?
Rajat Gupta: Right, right. Yes, that's helpful. And just you mentioned earlier around the supply situation and the fact that there are several cars in the 0 to 10 year old that may not meet your reconditioning needs. As we look into later this year, into the next couple years, it looks like, you're building more dependency on the greater than 6 year old cars to grow your business. Yes, how do you get around some of those quality constraints, reconditioning constraints for those cars, because the 0 to 4 year old supply is likely going to get worse before it gets better. So how do we manage through that to return to growth in the business in the next couple of years? Thanks.
Jon Daniels: Yes. Well what I would remind you Rajat is if you go back when we had the last big bubble go through on late model cars, back in the financial crisis, the new car sales rate in 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, it bounced around anywhere between $10.5 million and a little over $13 million. If you look at the period from like 2020, 2021, 2022, and even the estimate for this year, you're talking about 2014 to over 2015. So, my point in pointing that out is, we've been through far worse situations than what we're seeing now as far as a bubble of 0 to 4 or 0 to 6 year old cars that we're going to be facing. And again, we're in a better position than we were back then because our self-sufficiency is so high and we're getting those cars directly from consumers and other sources. So we feel very good about our ability to navigate the future, whether it's consumers wanting 0 to 6 year old cars or whether it's consumers wanting to buy something a little bit older.
Rajat Gupta: Understood, that's helpful color. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hey, good morning guys.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: I wanted to ask a followup on CAF, and maybe it ties into the affordability discussion, but the weighted average rate here was flat, I think sequentially at 11.1% despite maybe rising benchmark rates and your recent trend of passing through price. So, I guess, are we seeing customers push back on rates? Should we maybe take that as a sign customers have reached their limit on affordability and are you guys at maybe the end of your ability to pass through more APR at CAF despite the rising kind of rate environment? Just curious, why that's sequentially flat line from here?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes, great question Daniel. A couple of things that are subtle in there to point out. First, the flat quarter-over-quarter also realize we did some tightening in there. If you pull back in the Tier 3 space, we pick pockets in the Tier 1 space, that's going to offset any sequential growth in the APR. I can tell you that we did continue to test and raise APRs within the quarter, but bear in mind, I think one of the key things for us is, we're not looking to maximize finance margin. When we do our testing and pass this along to the customer, we're taking into accounts, are they able to purchase the car? Are they going to end up paying off with someone else where we wouldn't gain any finance income? So we very carefully test different rates and then adjust those rates in smaller pockets to optimize the overall CarMax value. So I think that's why you're seeing the sequential piece. But certainly, obviously there are payment pressures as Bill mentioned, so we continue to be very careful with that. But that's why you're seeing sequential quarter-over-quarter flat. It's -- the tightening is offsetting it.
Daniel Imbro: So to followup that question, your strategy would more be to maximize units sold, not maximize margins at CAF, did we hear that right?
Jon Daniels: No. I would say we contemplate that in the decision. We look at units sold, we look at amount of finance margin that CAF captures and also contemplate, remember they can pay off in three days. So we could sell the car, but CAF could lose the financing if they choose to go down the street to their bank or their credit union. So we put all that together to optimize for CarMax in total, not just maximize one dimension or the other. That's CarMax's total profitability, right? How we think about it. That's right.
Daniel Imbro: Perfect. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Whiston with Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. Just sticking with those other financing channels you just mentioned Enrique, I'm just curious why this year other is gaining a lot at the expense of Tier 2? Are there just more cash only buyers in the market now or is there a problem with Tier 2 consumers willing to buy or are other lenders just taking the opportunity from you?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes, David. I think there's a couple things going on there. First I think what you really do see is the affordability is definitely a challenge in the bottom portion of the credit spectrum, kind of that mid-tier to the subprime space. We see great demand across the credit spectrum, but ultimately when they see the monthly payment it's the higher end guys that are able to follow through with the purchase. So that's going to benefit both cash and kind of the outside financing population. You did see some pullback, as I mentioned the back half of last year in the Tier 2 space, so there's also some tightening that's hurting the penetration there just around it out in Tier 3, they did benefit from that tightening, right. Those customers flow down to the Tier 3 space. But I think it predominantly is, it's affordability. Those higher end customers can buy and that's why you see the percentage of sales are a little more skewed to the high end. I think there's demand everywhere, but that's really what's driving it.
David Whiston: Okay. And could you just briefly give me some examples of what non-CAF uncollectable receivables are?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, so those are going to be, so this hits in the SG&A bucket, right? And these are going to be receivables that our finance partners originate and underwrite that end up having a title processing issue or a down payment challenge that we end up having to buy back. So that's an area of focus for us. Over the past year, we've made material improvements, as I've talked about on previous quarters, both in execution in our stores, in our home office. The DMVs have also got better in terms of turning around those titles as well as the banks in terms of turning around the processing. So, we saw another quarter of benefit this quarter, we expect to see some more benefit in the back half of the year. Probably not as strong as the first half of the year as we start to lap over that accentuated focus last year that we had on making sure we're managing those.
David Whiston: And I'm sorry; do you do a 100% of that servicing for the third party lenders in terms of the collection stuff?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: No, we do not. That's, we do not underwrite it. That's the third party partners that would underwrite it and then service it. That's right.
David Whiston: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We do have another question from Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Michael Montani: Hey guys, thanks for letting me sneak one more in. I just wanted to ask about, if you could give any incremental color around the sales trends by income level and when you think about the improvements sequentially to the down 9 comp and then throughout the quarter, what are you seeing for upper income versus lower income consumers? And then how does that filter into your desire to spend into ad dollars for the back half of the year?
Bill Nash: Okay. Yes, so as I said earlier, I mean, we're seeing the biggest pinch probably on the, not probably on the, we are seeing it on the lower consumer. And think about it, from a monthly household income of let's say $3000 to $4,000 that had, that segment of sales for us has shrunk dramatically. So it's probably in the last couple of years it's down probably and it's probably down about 50% in the $3,000 and less household incomes about 50% less than what it used to be. So that's absolutely a headwind, which again speaks to the affordability. As far as advertising goes, that's an area where Jim and Sarah and team, they constantly are looking at it. And I think an interesting thing that everybody needs to keep in mind is, because we've got this big buying engine also, when we talk about advertising, it's advertising for sales, but it's also advertising for buy. So while you may pull back on sales, you may do more on buy. So it's a walk that we do, and that team does a great job measuring the ROI. So to Enrique's comments earlier, what we're expecting to do in the back half, that certainly could shift if we see something in the marketplace that says, hey you don't need to spend as much, it's not fruitful or on the flip side, hey you may want to spend a little bit more and so we're constantly monitoring that. But I think the guidance that Enrique gave is really the way to think about it and then we'll continue to monitor it.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We don't have any further questions at this time. I'll hand the call back to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Well, I thank you all for joining the call today and for your questions and your continued support. I do want to one more time congratulate the CarMax team on achieving our 30th anniversary and I just want to thank them for everything that they do every day to take care of each other and our customers and the communities and we will talk again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That concludes the second quarter fiscal year 2024 CarMax earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-06-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the FY'24 Q1 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Lowenstein, AVP Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Chelsea. Good morning. Thank you, everyone for joining our fiscal 2024 first quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance Operations. Let me remind you, our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations and assumptions and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K filed with the SEC this morning and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28th, 2023 previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Department at 804-747-0422, extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Although the first quarter remained challenging due to the same factors we cited in fiscal '23, we're seeing sequential quarterly improvements across our business. We are focused on controlling what we can as we take deliberate steps to support our business for both the near-term and the long run. This quarter, we reduced SG&A independent of the legal settlement. We delivered strong retail GPU. We increased used saleable inventory units while driving down total inventory dollars 13% year-over-year. We drove strong wholesale GPU as our unit volume continued to recover. And finally, we grew CAF's penetration even as we raised CAF's consumer rates to help offset higher cost of funds and tighten lending standards in reaction to the current environment. For the first quarter of FY'24, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $7.7 billion, down 17% compared to last year, driven by lower retail and wholesale volume and prices. In our retail business, total unit sales declined 9.6% and used unit comps were down 11.4%, which reflects an improvement from down 22.4% and 14.1% year-over-year during last year's third and fourth quarters. Average selling price declined approximately $1,600 per unit or 5% year-over-year. First quarter retail gross profit per used unit was $2,361, consistent with the $2,339 last year. Historically, margin tends to run higher during the first quarter compared to the rest of the year. In the current environment, we expect this year's second quarter and full year margins will be similar to last year, slightly ahead of the full year $2,100 to $2,200 range that we spoke to last quarter. As always, we'll continue to test price elasticity and monitor the competitive landscape. Wholesale unit sales were down 13.6% versus the first quarter last year, which reflects continued improvement from the 36.7% and the 19.3% year-over-year declines during last year's third and fourth quarter. Average selling price declined approximately $2,000 per unit or 18% year-over-year. Wholesale gross profit per unit was $1,042 in line with $1,029 during last year's first quarter. We bought approximately 343,000 vehicles from consumers and dealers during the quarter, down 5% from last year, and an improvement from the 40% and 22% year-over-year declines during last year's third and fourth quarters. Of these vehicles, we purchased approximately 323,000 from consumers in the quarter, with a little more than half of those buyers coming through our online instant appraisal experience. As a result, our self-sufficiency remained above 70% during the quarter. We sourced the remaining approximately 20,000 vehicles through dealers, up 20% from last year, supported by Edmunds sales team. In regard to our first quarter online metrics, approximately 14% of retail unit sales were online, up from 11% last year. Approximately 54% of retail unit sales were omni sales this quarter, which is consistent with the prior year. Nearly all of our first quarter wholesale auctions and sales, which represents 20% of total revenue, remained virtual and are considered online transactions. Total revenue resulting from online transactions was approximately 31%, which is in line with last year. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $137 million, down from $204 million during the same period last year. Jon will provide more detail on customer financing, the loan loss provision and CAF contributions in a few moments. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our first quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our continued focus on managing what is in our control drove another quarter of sequential improvement in year-over-year performance across key financial metrics, including unit sales, SG&A leverage, gross profit and EPS. First quarter net earnings per diluted share was $1.44, down from $1.56 a year ago. Included in our EPS this quarter was the equivalent of $0.28 or $59 million related to a legal settlement. Total gross profit was $817 million, down 7% from last year's first quarter. Used retail margin of $515 million and wholesale vehicle margin of $168 million declined 9% and 12%, respectively. The year-over-year decreases were driven by lower volume across retail and wholesale. This was partially offset by strong margin performance with both retail and wholesale per unit margins up slightly from last year's numbers. Other gross profit was $135 million, up 12% from last year's first quarter. This increase was driven by service, which delivered $4 million in margin, a $26 million improvement over last year. As we communicated in our Q4 FY'23 year-end earnings call, our expectation is that service will deliver improved year-over-year performance in FY'24, driven by the efficiency and cost coverage measures that we put in place. Our first quarter has us off to a solid start. The improvement in service was partially offset by reductions in extended protection plan or EPP revenues and third-party finance fees. EPP revenues were down $5 million, primarily due to lower sales, partially offset by stronger margins that were implemented at the end of last year's first quarter. Third-party finance fees were down $3 million to last year's first quarter. Lower volume in Tier 2, for which we receive a fee, was partially offset by a reduction in Tier 3 volume for which we pay a fee. On the SG&A front, expenses for the first quarter were $560 million, down 15% from the prior year's quarter. Excluding the benefit from the legal settlement, SG&A was down 6% from the prior year's quarter, as we continue to see the benefits of our cost management efforts. SG&A as a percent of gross profit was 68%. Excluding the benefit from the settlement, our SG&A leverage was 76%, roughly flat to last year's first quarter. The change in SG&A dollars over last year was mainly due to the following factors. First, other overhead decreased by $79 million, of which $59 million was due to the settlement. The balance of year-over-year favorability was driven by several factors, including favorability in non-CAF uncollectible receivables, which benefited partially from timing, favorability and costs associated with lower staffing levels and a variety of other smaller costs. Second, we reduced advertising by $17 million. While our advertising expense on a total dollar and per unit basis was lower year-over-year on the quarter, our investments for the quarter on a per unit basis remained aligned with last year's second half spend level. Third, total compensation and benefits, excluding a $13 million increase in share-based compensation decreased $15 million. This decrease was primarily driven by our continued focus in stores and CECs on aligning staffing levels to sales and driving efficiency gains. As I noted in our Q4 FY'23 year-end call, we expect to require low single-digit gross profit growth to lever SG&A for the full FY'24 year, well below the levels we guided to during the investment heavy phases of our omni transformation. As a result, we expect to deliver stronger flow through of gross profit to profitability. Our first quarter performance has us on track to deliver on this goal. While we delivered SG&A leverage point in the mid 70% range in the first quarter, it is important to remember that the first quarter is typically our strongest for SG&A leverage as it's historically our highest used unit volume and margin per unit quarter. Regarding capital structure, our first priority remains to fund the business While our adjusted net debt to capital ratio was slightly below our 35% to 45% targeted range, given ongoing market uncertainties, we continue to appropriately manage our net leverage to maintain the flexibility that allows us to efficiently access the capital markets for both CAF and CarMax as a whole. In keeping with this goal of maintaining flexibility, we continue to pause our share buybacks in the first quarter. Our $2.45 billion authorization remains in place, as does our commitment to return capital to shareholders over time. Additionally, post quarter calendar end, we successfully renewed our $2 billion revolving lending facility with materially similar terms. We plan to include additional information in our forthcoming 10-Q, which we plan to file on Monday. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. During the first quarter, CarMax Auto Finance originated $2.3 billion, resulting in penetration of 42.7% net of three-day payoffs, up from 39.3% observed during the first quarter last year. This growth in penetration came despite cash credit tightening within the higher risk, higher APR portion of Tier 1 as well as the reduction of CAF's targeted volume of Tier 3 that began at the end of Q4. Despite the decrease of volume in these higher APR segments, the weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 11.1%, an increase of 20 basis points from Q4 and 200 basis points from the same period last year. Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was 20.4% up from Q4, but still down from the historically high 25.2% seen in Q1 of FY'23. Tier three penetration was 6.7%, down 40 basis points from last year. While CAF and other lending partners have tightened lending standards over the previous few quarters, our robust multi-lender credit platform was still able to approve approximately 95% of credit applications during the first quarter. CAF income for the quarter was $137 million, down from $204 million in the same period last year. This $67 million year-over-year decrease is primarily driven by a $23 million increase in loss provision, as well as a $94 million increase in interest expense, partially offset by growth in interest and fee income. Note our interest expense was impacted by a negative $9 million fair market value adjustment from our hedging strategy versus a positive $9 million adjustment seen in the same period last year. Within the quarter, total interest margin decreased to $258 million, down $40 million from the same period last year. The corresponding margin to receivables rate of 6.1% continued to come down from the 10-year peak seen in last year's first quarter, but has moderated in its decline from previous quarters, as was expected and previewed during last quarter's conference call. The slowing in NIM reduction comes as a result of targeted rate increases on new originations executed over the last year that effectively manage CAF penetration, finance margin and sales conversion to generate the most valuable outcome for CarMax as a whole. The loan loss provision in Q1 of $81 million results in an ending reserve balance of $535 million or 3.11% of ending receivables. This is compared to a reserve of $507 million last quarter, which was 3.02% of receivables. The sequential nine basis point adjustment in the reserve receivable ratio reflects unfavorable performance within the existing portfolio as well as the uncertain macro environment. Despite this increase, the existing Tier 1 portfolio continues to trend within the targeted 2% to 2.5% cumulative net credit loss range and the recent tightening is expected to provide a reduction in loss rate for future originations. Regarding continued improvements in our best-in-class pre-qualification product. During the first quarter, we began broadly scaling yet another of our large lending partners within FBS, our finance based shopping platform. This marks the sixth lender that is now capable of providing millions of additional customized credit decisions in minutes to our online customers. While we continue to add enhancements to our online credit experience, we believe our FBS platform is currently an industry leader and truly empowers consumers by providing simple access to penny perfect multi-lender credit decisions in seconds while having no impact to their credit score. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jon. Over the past several years, we've built a leading omni-channel platform that enables us to deliver what we believe is the most customer centric experience in the industry. Our ability to offer integration across digital and physical transactions gives us access to the largest total addressable market and is a key differentiator. With our core omni capabilities now in place, we are continuing to prioritize projects that drive operating efficiencies and optimize experience for our associates and customers. We believe the steps we will be taking enable us to further expand our competitive moat and will position us well for the future. Some examples from the first quarter beyond what Jon just spoke about related to CAF include one, as we work to deliver a seamless digital first shopping experience, we are increasingly leveraging Sky our 24/7 virtual assistant. Sky enables us to efficiently assist customers via chat functionality while taking work out of our CEC system. During the first quarter, we expanded these capabilities to include workflows related to finance applications, vehicle transfers and appointment reservations. Since going live, we've had great success reducing CEC work volume routed to associates, enabling us to provide a quicker response at a lower cost per transaction. We anticipate rolling out additional functionality to Sky throughout fiscal 2024. Second, we are currently rolling out express drop off, which enables customers with instant offer or store generated appraisals to progress the selling process from home. When utilized, this option offers customers the ability to complete their transaction at one of our stores in under 30 minutes and our research shows that customers and associates both love this experience. Finally, we're continuing to modernize our auction platform to enhance the experience for dealers. This quarter, we launched an integrated check-in experience that enables single sign-on across our systems and streamlines access to the information that dealers rely on the most when bidding on vehicles. Additionally, we initiated proxy bidding capabilities in a limited number of markets. This allows dealers to bid on vehicles in advance so they don't have to participate live during each auction. It also unlocks the ability to take part in multiple auctions and bid on multiple vehicles simultaneously. Feedback on both of these capabilities has been positive. We plan to expand proxy bidding to additional markets as well as launch other enhancements in upcoming quarters. With our focus on improving experiences and gaining efficiencies, we believe we are well positioned to emerge from the current environment and even stronger company. We're confident in the future of our diversified business model and believe that the deliberate steps that we are taking will enable us to drive robust growth as the market improves. With that, we will be happy to take your questions. Chelsea? Chelsea, can you remind folks of how to enter the question portal.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my question.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Nagel: So the question I'll ask with one question, but I'll have two parts of it. Just maybe you could talk about the market share dynamic you witnessed here early in, I guess, so far in the year? And then secondarily, as you talked about in your script, we are seeing this improving [indiscernible] in used car sales, obviously, still down year-on-year, but better than it had been in the prior two quarters. If you look at the drivers behind that, is that more what CarMax is doing? Or you've seen an excess solidifying backdrop within the sector? Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yeah, great. Thank you for the question, Brian. First of all, on the market share question, Brian, you might remember that last quarter, given the title data that we had, we thought we had bottomed out in the December, January time frame. We actually have title data now through April, and we did bottom out in December. And although we aren't growing it year-over-year yet, we're pleased that January through April, we saw some good sequential growth, and we did that while maintaining strong margins. So we feel good about the trajectory we're on. And if I compare it to previous times when we had given up market share, again, we talked about that last quarter, COVID in '08, '09. I would tell you the coming out of it is more similar to the COVID period than the '08,'09. As far as your second question on just the used car sales, yes, I mean, the overall used market obviously is still depressed. I do think while depreciation is a little bit of a headwind on parts of the business, so for example, wholesale, I think it's good for the overall industry. So having vehicles depreciate during the quarter, I think, was a good thing. It was a little unusual quarter because it first started off appreciating and then it ended up actually decreasing a little bit. So I think that's a - I think that's good for the industry. But I think there's also things that are specific to CarMax and how we're managing our inventory, how we're managing our margin, the right cars out there that are unique to CarMax. So I think it's probably a combination of both.
Brian Nagel: I appreciate all the color, Bill. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question as well. I'm trying to anticipate down the road when student loan payments are required again. Do you have a feel for the percentage of your buyers that are also making student loan payments and whether that could be a significant impact on demand?
Bill Nash: Yes. That's a great question, Craig. It's one that we've actually talked about internally, both from a sales standpoint and from a finance standpoint. I think from a sales standpoint, it's hard to tell because folks have been taking consumer loans out for longer periods of time. And I would think probably the majority of our customers are outside of the student loan -- the majority of our retail customers are outside of that period. I think when you think about the CAF business, and Jon, you might have some different thoughts on this. But when you think about the CAF business, because we skew to a higher credit customer, that probably puts us in a little bit better position, but I don't know if you have any additional thoughts beyond that?
Jon Daniels: Yeah, I agree, Bill. I mean, certainly, the prime customer is probably a little bit older. But I think when we are looking at our underwriting platform, our underwriting criteria and our models, we're always going to take into account total outstanding debt for the consumer evaluate the things that are most predictive of auto loan payback. And so that would be contemplated in our underwriting criteria.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Craig.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Hey, good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking the questions.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: I wanted to start on our focus on the SG&A results, obviously impressive in the quarter. Maybe two-parter related to that. First, within other maybe overhead, historically, I thought a lot of that was IT kind of e-commerce investment. Other than headcount reduction, can you maybe talk about Enrique some of the operational changes you made to drive that improvement in that line item and maybe the sustainability? And then related, I think you said there was a onetime benefit from the timing of some CAF receivables in the quarter. Could you quantify that just to help investors underwrite that outlook as well as in the SG&A line? Thanks.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Great. Thank you for the question. Yeah, let me take it kind of one by one. So let me first define non-CAF finance receivables. We haven't talked about it too much in the past. We have a little bit, but not too much. So those are primarily loans that are financing partners issue to our customers that we end up writing off either due to title processing issues or down payment obligations. And if you go back to when we emerge from COVID, we had low staffing, we had high turnover and there were a lot of DMV delays, right? And emerging from that, we've re-staffed, we've trained up our stores, DMVs are moving faster. So we're actually able to kind of catch-up on these non-CAF finance receivables and execute better. Stores are executing. Our home office is executing. And again, the DMVs are executing as well better than they were. And as a result, we've seen some favorability in that line. I did talk to some favorability due to timing. So part of that is due to timing. What I'd tell you, that's not timing that will come back and hit us in the future. It's more of a change in estimates that we have and what we think we'll be writing off. So it's a little bit more of a hindsight change, so it won't hit us moving forward. So that's number one. That was kind of the biggest favorability we saw on the quarter year-over-year. As well, we did see some favorability related to headcount, which I mentioned, related to staffing levels. Specifically, as we've staffed down and rightsized, we have favorability in relocation expenses, as you'd imagine, in recruiting expenses, as you'd imagine, but then also in casual labor. And all of those hit the other bucket. So we see favorability there. We are still seeing a little bit of pressure from decisions we made in prior quarters on our technology and strategic growth. So that's still growing a little bit within that bucket, but it's being offset pretty materially by the other areas.
Daniel Imbro: Okay. Thanks for all the color, guys.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to actually ask some questions about Sky because I don't recall you talking about Sky previously. So how - I mean, how far do you think you can take, I guess, what I'll call an AI technology to help kind of make the CECs more efficient? And how should we think about if there's any kind of step-up in investment that would be related to kind of enhancing or optimizing Sky further, if that makes sense.
Bill Nash: Yeah. No, great question, Sharon. First of all, just AI in general, I think we're bullish on AI in general. We've been using OpenAI for a period of time now. We think about it, there's lots of opportunities to enhance our associates' work, maybe take some of the more mundane stuff out. Particular to Sky, we talked about Sky, I can't remember if we've actually named it Sky in the past, but we talked about a virtual assistant. So that's what our virtual system that's called is Sky. And we're really pleased. One of the things that we've been on a path to is really making our CECs as efficient as possible and leveraging our associates for the really value-added work. And this quarter with the improvements that we saw with Sky, we really deflected a good amount of calls to the CEC that Sky was able to handle independent of calling in. And the areas that we put in there were the prequel, the transfer process and appointment setting. And the way that it's working right now, which I think is really kind of the first version of it is, Sky hooks them up with a link. We see a world where Sky will actually interact back and forth and not even necessarily have to hook up with a link. So I think that's an enhancement. Another enhancement we'll be looking at is just integrating IO with Sky. So I think there's opportunity -- still a lot of opportunity just in the CECs with Sky, but I also think there's a lot of opportunity just AI in general. We've used it in training our CECs consultants, and we think there's additional possibility there. We've used OpenAI to assist in our vehicle reviews and customer reviews, really allowing our content team to focus on more insightful stuff. And like I said, we're working on a proof-of-concept, a knowledge proof-of-concept for our CECs to allow them to access very specific state information. So again we're excited about it.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: What I'd say as well just building on that is Sky has been a pretty strong contributor to helping us get our operating model even more efficient than where we've been in the past. We've shown sequential improvements now in quarter-over-quarter costs when it comes to the CECs and the operating model, and that's on a per retail unit basis. And when you consider total units, so use and wholesale or even gross margin dollars, we -- the progress has been even stronger. So it has been a pretty material -- it's had a pretty material impact to the efficiency of our model, and it's contributing to the SG&A gains that we're seeing.
Sharon Zackfia: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Sharon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Murphy with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. Just one very quick follow-up. Is there a way to quantify the timing that you got from -- or timing benefit you got on SG&A from the non-CAF uncollectible receivables just in a dollar sense?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yeah. I would say the timing was not all that material in the scope of things. I'll give you a dollar number, but it's not all that material in the scope of things. The majority of the benefit really was from that improvement in execution, from our stores, from our home office and from the DMVs as well.
John Murphy: Okay. And then just a question, Bill, as you think about the same-store sales comps, I mean, it's tough to call exactly when things will inflect. I'd love to hear your opinion about when you think they may inflect. But if they don't, is there an opportunity to potentially get more aggressive on SG&A costs through headcount reduction or other areas in case we're in an environment where affordability and supply remain a pretty material issue?
Bill Nash: Yeah. So John, what I'd say on the cadence as far as being able to flip that. But really the only thing I can point to, which is what I've talked about in the past is just when we've seen this in the past, how long is it generally taken? And I think if you go back to '08, '09, I think it took us about seven to eight months before we flattened and then started growing it year-over-year. You look at COVID, it was more in the four to five month range. So again, I feel good about the progress we're seeing there. Now as far as your second part of the question, which is the SG&A reduction. Look, hopefully, we made it very clear that we are very focused on this SG&A, so reduction. So whether wherever the market share goes, we're going to continue to move that. But regardless of that, we're going to continue to focus on continuing to prove SG&A with things like we've been talking about with Sky and becoming more efficient in the CEC, becoming more efficient in the stores. There really isn't one piece of the business where we don't have efficiency plays that we're currently looking at. So it doesn't matter if it's a business office, service operations, merchandising, every single department we have internal goals that we're going after. So regardless of the market share, we're going after continued efficiency.
John Murphy: And that target of low 70%, I mean, is that a one or two year target? Or is that an eventual? How should we think about getting there, the time frame?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: We want to get there as fast as we can. It's also going to require the gross profit improves as well. So it's critical that the underlying business and the macro environment improves as well, and then we'll get there. This quarter was particularly strong. The first quarter, again, is usually the strongest quarter for the reasons I mentioned in my prepared remarks, right? But we do expect the rest of the year to continue to deliver on our commitment for this year, which is a low single-digit gross profit in order to lever, which is a material difference from where we've been over the past few years in our heavy investment phase. But 70% is our next step is what we mentioned. And from there, we can hopefully even lever even more in the years beyond. But 70% is our next step.
Bill Nash: Yes, John, I think we talked about last quarter that well, for this year, we need the macro conditions to continue to improve to get there. If that doesn't happen this year, we wouldn't expect this to be a two-year thing. We would expect to get back there next year.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yeah. And that's in the mid 70% range, right?
John Murphy: Great. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from John Healy with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
John Healy: Great. Thank you for taking my question. We haven't heard the word affordability used on this call compared to the last couple. And my thought is that your performance probably reflects you guys kind of changing and adjusting the merchandise you have on the lots and the site to meet retail demand. Can you kind of talk about how the -- maybe the mix and the age or the mileage of the vehicles that you're selling today looks versus a few months ago? And maybe just the multiyear outlook for supply because I think there's some concern in the market about your ability to source vehicles kind of in that late model category given the fact that they might not exist for the next couple of years. So just love to kind of hear your thoughts about what you're selling today and what you think your merchandise mix might look like for the next year or two?
Bill Nash: Yeah, great. Thank you for the questions, John. So I think from a affordability, look, there's still an affordability issue out there. Even though our average selling price is down, it's still up substantially over where it used to be. And I think in the previous calls, we've said, hey, if you think about the affordability, 85% has been driven by the vehicle price, 15% is driven by the interest rates. I think we're probably more in a 75-25, which is more driven by the prices coming down, which automatically gets your interest rates makes a little bit more. But I think we've knock on wood, I think we've kind of peaked on what the increase in payments. I think we were running. If you look at just the CAF business, we were running about 150 monthly higher than pre-normal times and I think we're probably down to 130 or so. So there is still absolutely an affordability issue. I think your question is great when you think about the mix. Our prices were down roughly $1,600. But the interesting thing, while your acquisition price is down almost and that was more than 50% of the price swing. There's also a bit of an age mix thing here as well. And what I mean by that is if you look at the zero to four-year-old cars that we sold a year ago compared to the zero to four-year-old cars that we sold this year, we had less percent of those. So we dropped a few points, which means less of those newer cars and what you've shifted to is we've actually seen a little bit of uptick in the eight plus. And so that obviously is going to drive down your overall selling price. It's also a little bit of a tailwind for us on margins as well, which played out in the quarter. I think the last part of your question, which was the supply. We've gotten this question in the past. And what I would tell you is the fact that the new car sales rate has been off of what it traditionally is, that's not an environment that we're unfamiliar with working in because if I think back in the past, we've seen that before back in the '08, '09, the reduction in new car sales was actually more dramatic than it is now. If you look at the new car sales that we've been experiencing here more recently, we still haven't hit some of the numbers that you saw back coming out of '08 and '09. So and we were able to manage through that period very well. And I would tell you, we have a better tool in the toolbox this time with self-sufficiency being so high. So we're not worried about the availability of inventory just like we haven't really been worried about it over the last year.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: The only piece I'd add to that from an inventory mix standpoint is like for customers over 25% of our cars are less than $20,000. And last year, in the first quarter, that was closer to 20%, right? So now we're up over 25%. So in terms of customers, we are mixing the right inventory to make sure we're being as affordable as we can.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Scot Ciccarelli with Truist. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys.
Bill Nash: Hey, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning. Can you help us understand what the exit comp rate was in the quarter? And then related to that, your 95% credit approval rate. Is that actually higher on a year-over-year basis? In other words, did traffic drop more than what you saw in -- or what we saw in the comp results?
Bill Nash: I'll take the comps and I'll pass it over to Jon to talk about the other questions. So the way I think about the kind of the comp cadence, it was pretty steady throughout the whole quarter. I mean there wasn't any remarkable difference month-to-month. If you look at the quarter as a whole, that's kind of how each month basically performed. And then Jon I'll toss it to you on the credit.
Jon Daniels: Yeah, on the 95% credit approval, right, again, that's anybody that's applying for credit, whether it be online or directly in the store where they start. That's similar to what we've stated before. And I think, frankly, in this environment with the tightening that we've seen from the partner lenders and CAF. I think it just speaks to the robustness of our platform to maintain that level. So we feel real good about that number.
Scot Ciccarelli: Right. Can I have a follow-up question on that?
Bill Nash: Sure.
Scot Ciccarelli: If everyone's tightening credit, how does the approval rates stay flat? Is it just fewer and fewer people and it's better qualified people coming in? Like, is that the way to interpret that?
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yeah, fair question. And that speaks to the uniqueness of the platform. So let's say, perhaps the approval still there, but it's at a higher interest rate where you're asking for a little more money down or get moved from lender A to lender B further down the platform. But again, that's the benefit of having those multiple lenders and those multiple tiers is. We're at least still able to provide some level of credit to the consumer to at least contemplate purchasing the car.
Scot Ciccarelli: So the approval includes changes in what those terms are. So like you know we'll still preview.
Jon Daniels: That's correct. It does. So it might not be as strong of an approval, and that's sort of the tightening as opposed to maybe a single lender platform where it's just, look, I can't approve view period. We've got other lenders to provide alternatives.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Super helpful. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Montani with Evercore. Your line is open.
Michael Montani: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Just first off, I was wondering, if you could discuss at all, comp trends quarter-to-date. And then also what you're seeing in terms of inventory levels. We had seen, I think, an increase now year-over-year to start the quarter. So I just wanted to understand that. And then I had a follow-up.
Bill Nash: Yes. So I think as far as comp trends quarter-to-date, I would look to similar to where we ended the quarter. I think on the inventory levels, look, I was really pleased the team has done a phenomenal job. As I said in my opening remarks, we actually took the total dollar amount down yet we increased our saleable and they're doing a great job making sure that we're getting cars through even with delays on parts that kind of thing. So we typically go down a little bit of inventory. And this month, this quarter, we actually -- when you go from Q4 to Q1. And this year, we actually went up a little bit. So we feel good. We're still -- if I think about the traditional stores, we're a little bit lighter than where we normally are, but I think that's appropriate in this type of selling environment. So I think from an inventory standpoint, we're in good shape.
Michael Montani: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the share components, understanding historically, it could be like a seven to nine month type of issue. But if that continues to persist, should we anticipate incremental investments, either from GPUs or potentially ad expense or headcount? Or do you think that basically that's not necessary because it's more industry demand dynamics that are driving it?
Bill Nash: Yeah. I feel good about where we are right now. Obviously, you've got to continue to monitor the competitive landscape. You've got to come in, continue to monitor price elasticity, especially when it comes to the GPUs. But as I said earlier, we're working on efficiencies regardless of market share. But again, I would just reiterate that I feel good about the growth that we're seeing so far. And I'm positive about the outlook in front of us.
Michael Montani: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. My question is really around GPU and the better performance in retail GPU for the quarter. Can you give us a sense of how much of that was driven by market pricing dynamics relative to other internal factors?
Bill Nash: Yeah. What I would say is the -- as far as our price elasticity test goes, it really hasn't changed much, which is why we continue to see strong margins. We continue to have great self-sufficiency. We continue to have a mix of older vehicles, which are more profitable. All those certainly help. In my prepared remarks, I heard that I said that since the last quarter, we were talking about if you think about the full year, $2,100 to $2,200, we're actually updating on that a little bit just to be between $2,200 and $2,300 more similar to last year, especially as you look at the second quarter. So again, I feel good about where we are. We'll continue to measure the macro factors, but we do have some nice efficiencies that we've picked up that we've been able to take a little bit to the bottom line as well as continue to pass through the customer. So we feel great about our prices.
Seth Basham: And as a follow-up, do you think you can hit that $2 million unit sales both for fiscal '26 with retail GPUs in that $2,100 to $2,200 normalized range?
Bill Nash: Yeah. As we said the last quarter, we're going to stick by those long-term ranges. We'll update it at the end of the year. A lot can happen in one year. But, yes, we're not changing that guidance at this point.
Seth Basham: Fair enough. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Seth.
Operator: All right. Thank you. Our next question will come from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just had a couple of quick ones. One on the other gross profit line, the services efficiency that you mentioned. Is there a way to give us a little more granularity on the $25 million year-over-year improvement there because revenues did not go up that much. Does it come primarily from reduced headcount or any other areas that you can flag? Thanks.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Rajat. So really two things drove that, right? Within bucket of service, service is really where we saw the year-over-year increase, about $26 million. And actually, we're able to deliver profitability and service, which we haven't done in a couple of years in the quarter here. So we're really pleased with the progress that we've made. Two things have driven that. Number one is we took cost coverage metrics -- measures, I'm sorry. So as you recall, we've been hit by inflation for a good period of amount of time here. And we took increase in rates in labor. We took increase in rates and parts, and that has allowed us to cover the inflationary pressures that we've been facing. That's number one. Number two, really strong focus on efficiency still a headwind year-over-year, especially with sales still being challenged. But we've shown now sequential improvement in driving efficiency in the service department. So we've reduced labor along with retaining our tech, which is critical right? But we have been able to reduce labor. We're also in a little bit more of a stable sales environment, which allows for more effective scheduling. And so those are the primary reasons why we've seen that benefit. I would expect that year-over-year benefit to continue for the rest of the year. Whether or not service will be profitable for the year, we'll see, right? But what we do know is that we do expect from a year-over-year basis to show some pretty considerable improvements year-over-year for the rest of the year.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. That's helpful. May I just ask one quick one on CAF since I haven't been much asked yet. Just on the provisioning improvement, on a year-over-year basis or more on a sequential basis. Is there an element of recoveries that you can talk about that might have benefited sequentially? Or if you could just generally talk about what you saw from a recovery standpoint, either frequency or severity and anyway to think about provisions over the next couple of quarters? Thanks.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yeah, I appreciate the question, Rajat. Yeah, I'll just talk about the provision sequentially quarter-over-quarter. I think that's driven primarily by some of the tightening that we've done. Obviously, you're going to provision for your new originations within the quarter. So if you tighten and that's going to come in at a lower loss rates then there's just less money that you need to put towards those receivables. I mean, obviously, we then make adjustments on existing portfolio accordingly. So I think that's some of what you're seeing there. With regard to your recovery rates, I'll just speak in general around that. Historically, we're between 40% to 60% on our recovery rate. Obviously, with vehicle values very high. We enjoyed recovery rates in the 70% range. Year-over-year, we're probably down 13 points -- 12 to 13 points were actually up sequentially. So, yes, I don't think recovery rate that was playing a large piece of that. I think units still carry the day here and again, hopefully, that explains the provisioning down quarter-over-quarter.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. Just to clarify, you mentioned 70% on the recovery in the quarter?
Jon Daniels: So the recovery rate for the quarter was -- I think the numbers were let's see, I think we'll show it about 59% to 60% when all is counted. So which we were 73% to 74% last year, we were about 57% last quarter. So just obviously down year-over-year, but a tick up quarter-over-quarter.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks a lot for the color.
Bill Nash: Sure. Thanks, Rajat.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Pierce with Needham. Your line is open.
Chris Pierce: Hey, Bill, you talked in your remarks about feeling better about the macro as wholesale prices come in quicker than they normally do at this time of the year, if I understood that right. Are you feeling better about the used car macro environment returning to a 40 million unit number at a sooner rate than you had previously thought based on kind of what you're seeing out there? Just wanted to get a sense of how you're thinking about bigger picture?
Bill Nash: Yeah. No, I don't -- I think it's too early to make that call. My comments around the depreciation, I think what we're seeing now is depreciation, which you would normally see. If you go back to the old normal -- the normalized environment, which is hard to remember back then, typically, you see depreciation this time of the year into the fall. So I think we're seeing that and again, while it can be a bit of a headwind for the wholesale business, I think overall, it's good for the industry because it just makes those cars more affordable, especially for a consumer that budget pinched. So I think it's still a little too early to say we're going to get back to $40 million right away, but I think the more prices move down, the better that is for the industry.
Chris Pierce: Okay. And then on used GPU. The question was asked about of lack of new car sales leading the lack of used car sales and you guys retailing older vehicles, if I understood that right. If you're going to be retailing older vehicles for the next multiple years, is that a multiyear tailwind for used GPU? I know you raised it to $2,200 to $2,300, what we just saw come in above $2,361. So I'm just curious if there will be upside to that number even if you're retailing more aged vehicles than you normally would prior?
Bill Nash: Yeah. No, I wouldn't think of it as more upside. I mean as Enrique said in his comments and in the script, the first quarter is generally your strongest quarter from a margin standpoint. The turns on inventory, less markdowns, that kind of thing. So while the older vehicle mix absolutely helps us from a margin standpoint. We've been seeing this play out over the last year because we've had a higher mix of older vehicles that we've been selling. And really that's being determined by the customer. So if the customer wants to continue to see older vehicles, we'll make sure we have plenty of that inventory out there. If pricing comes back in line, over a period of time, and all of a sudden, your later model vehicles are more affordable, especially in comparison to new cars then some consumers may migrate there. I think that's the beauty of the business models that we can put out on the lot, whatever customers are looking for. And we have the capability to go older and we have the capability to go newer, just depends on what the customer is looking for.
Chris Pierce: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David Whiston with Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. Just curious on electric vehicles with such a huge surge in demand on the new vehicle side. Are you seeing that on the used vehicle side too? Or is affordability kind of muting that EV demand for used buyers?
Bill Nash: Yeah, David, thank you for the question. So I think if you think about CarMax as a whole and the number of EVs we actually sell, it's a very small percent. And I think probably last quarter, it was roughly on pure EVs around 1%, maybe a little bit more. And we've seen that number tick up a little bit. As you can imagine, there just hasn't been a lot of EVs out there in the marketplace for you. Now, obviously, all the manufacturers are putting out more EV product. I do think, I mean, you point out a good thing on affordability. I think they have to become a little bit more affordable for the average consumer. But that being said just like we're the retailer of used vehicles. We want to be the retailer, the largest retailer have used EVs. And so we're preparing for that. While it's a small percentage of our sales now, we think that, that will grow over time. And so we're already taking steps to make sure that we can be prepared for that.
David Whiston: Okay. And just one thing on FBS. Can FBS customers loan eventually go into a CAFs securitization? Or does it have to stay with an external lending partner?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: No. CAF is one of the six lenders that are currently operating on FBS. And again, that's the online shopping tool. So, yes, absolutely, all lenders -- all of those lenders are participating in CAF loans. We'll absolutely underwrite folks in FBS and it will go through our normal funding channels.
Bill Nash: Yeah. David, that's the FBS is all the different lending partners. It's a very unique product out in the marketplace because it's not only CAF, but it's our additional lending partners that have been with us forever. And at the end of the day, that's what gets consumers, especially ones that are conscious about their monthly payment, it gets them the best rate.
David Whiston: Did you give an FBS penetration number?
Bill Nash: You mean as far as how many consumers are leveraging FBS?
Jon Daniels: Yeah. I think what we would say is of the people that apply for credit, 80% plus are starting online and leveraging our online platform.
Bill Nash: Yeah, and everybody can do an FBS experience. It just depends on how they want to shop.
David Whiston: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the call back to Bill for closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us and your questions and your support. As always, I want to thank our associates for what they do, taking care of each other and the customers. They are absolutely our differentiator. I also would like to remind everybody that's on the call, we recently published our 2023 responsibility report, and I encourage everybody to listen to it. I mean read it, that's listening today. It provides some great updates on some key initiatives, including climate-related and the tangible impact that we're having on community. So again, we're proud of the values that we're living every day and I think we're well positioned to drive long-term sustainable value for all of our shareholders. So again, thank you for your time today, and we'll talk again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude the FY'24 Q1 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-04-11 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are a in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Lowenstein, AVP Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Corless. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2023 fourth quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance Operations. Let me remind you, our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations, and assumptions, and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K, filed with the SEC, this morning, and our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022, previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422 extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. The current challenges in the used auto industry are well documented, with affordability pressured by broad inflation, climbing interest rates, tightening lending standards and prolonged low consumer confidence. We are continuing to leverage our strongest assets, our associates, our experience in our culture to build momentum and manage through this cycle. While there are many macro factors that we cannot control, we have taken deliberate steps to support our business both the near-term and the long run. This quarter, we reduced SG&A further. We delivered strong retail GPU through our vehicle acquisition, reconditioning and margin management strategies, while continuing to test price elasticity. We adjusted offers to deliver strong wholesale GPU, while increasing unit sales quarter-over-quarter. We aligned used saleable inventory units with market conditions, while driving down total inventory dollars more than 25% year-over-year. And finally, we raised CAF's consumer rates to help offset rising cost of funds while still growing CAF’s penetration. We are prioritizing initiatives to drive efficiency and improve experiences for our associates and customers. We believe these steps will enable us to come out of this cycle leaner and more effective, while also positioning us for future growth. Reflecting on fiscal ‘23, we achieved a number of key milestones in each area of our diversified business model. We enabled online self-progression for all of our retail customers; enhanced our wholesale shopping experience; and completed the nationwide rollout of our finance-based shopping prequalification product. All of these accomplishments further position our business for growth as the most customer centric experience in the industry. I'll talk more about these later in the call. And now into our results for the fourth quarter of FY ‘23. Our diversified business model delivered total sales of $5.7 billion, down 26%, compared to last year, driven by lower retail and wholesale volume and prices. In our retail business, total unit sales declined 12.6% and used unit comps were down 14.1%. Average selling prices declined approximately $2,700 per unit or 9% year-over-year. In addition to the macro factors I mentioned previously, we believed our performance continued to be impacted by transitory competitive responses to the current environment. Our market share data indicated that our nationwide share of zero to 10-year old vehicles remained at 4% for calendar year 2022. External title data shows that the market share gains we achieved during the first-half of the year were offset by share losses during the second-half of the year as we prioritize profitability over near-term market share. For context, we have lost the market share during prior down cycles. In those cases, we recovered the market share and then continued to grow up to new heights as economic conditions improved. We remain focused on achieving profitable market share gains that can be sustained for the long-term and plan to continue running extensive price elasticity tests. The results from our most recent test confirmed that holding margins during the quarter was the right profitability play. Despite the decrease in average selling price, fourth quarter retail gross profit per used unit was $2,277, up $82 per unit year-over-year, demonstrating our ability to appropriately value vehicles and effectively manage margin in inventory. Wholesale unit sales were down 19.3% versus the fourth quarter last year, but improved from the 36.7% decline during this year's third quarter as our total boughts’ from consumers and dealers improved sequentially. Wholesale average selling price declined approximately $3,200 per unit or 28% year-over-year, that we saw some appreciation beginning in January. Wholesale gross profit per unit was $11.87, which is consistent with last year's fourth quarter. Margin benefited from the recent price appreciation I just mentioned and from strong dealer demand, particularly at the end of the quarter. We bought approximately 262,000 vehicles from consumers and dealers during the quarter, down 22% from last year's record, but a sequential improvement from the 40% decline during this year's third quarter. Our self-sufficiency remained above 70% during the quarter. We purchased approximately 247,000 cars from consumers in the quarter with a little more than half of those buyers coming through our online instant appraisal experience. We sourced approximately 15,000 vehicles through dealers, up 4% from last year. In regard to our fourth quarter online metrics, approximately 14% of retail unit sales were online, up from 11% in the prior year, approximately 52% of retail unit sales were omni sales this quarter, down from 55% in the prior year. Nearly all of our fourth quarter wholesale auctions in sales which represents 18% of total revenue remain virtual and are considered online transactions. We began a small wholesale auction simulcast test during the quarter to gauge dealer interest in resuming in-person attendance and will continue to test options for live attendance during FY ‘24. Total revenue resulting from online transactions was approximately 30%, down slightly from last year. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $124 million, down from $194 million during the same period last year. Jon will provide more detail on customer financing, the loan loss provision and CAF contribution in a few moments. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our fourth quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our continued focus on managing what is in our control drove a sequential improvement from the third quarter across key financial metrics, including EPS, gross profit and SG&A. Fourth quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.44, down from $0.98 a year ago. Total gross profit was $611 million, down 14% from last year's fourth quarter. Used retail margin of $387 million and wholesale vehicle margin of $143 million declined 9% and 20% respectively. The year-over-year decreases were driven by lower volume across used and wholesale. This was partially offset by strong margin per unit performance. Used unit margins increased from last year's fourth quarter and wholesale margins per unit were flat year-over-year. Other gross profit was $81 million, down 24% from last year's fourth quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by a decline in extended protection plan or EPP revenues. In addition to the impact of lower retail unit sales, profit sharing revenues from our partners decreased from $33 million in last year's fourth quarter to $16 million in this year's quarter. This was partially offset by stronger margins and a favorable year-over-year return reserve adjustment. Penetration was flat year-over-year at approximately 60%. Third-party finance fees were relatively flat over last year's fourth quarter with lower volume and fee generating Tier 2 offset by lower Tier 3 volume for which we pay a fee. Service was also relatively flat over last year's fourth quarter, reflecting sequential improvement in year-over-year performance. We have maintained our technician staffing levels and have put in place key efficiency and cost coverage goals for our teams. This supports our expectation of improved performance in FY ‘24, compared to the full FY ‘23 year. The extent to this improvement will also be governed by sales performance given the leverage, deleverage nature of service. On the SG&A front, expenses for the fourth quarter were $573 million, down 8% from the prior year's quarter and down 3% sequentially from this year's third quarter. SG&A as a percent of gross profit was higher than the fourth quarter last year, due primarily to the 14% decrease in total gross profit dollars, compared to last year's quarter. The change in SG&A dollars over last year was mainly due to the following factors: first, we reduced advertising by $34 million. Second, total compensation and benefits decreased $17 million, which included an $18 million increase in share based compensation. Excluding the latter, compensation and benefits was down $35 million of which $18 million was due to a lower corporate bonus accrual in the quarter. Third, other overhead increased by $6 million. The year-over-year increase in investments in our technology platforms and strategic growth initiatives was primarily the result of decisions made in prior quarters. This was partially offset by a favorable year-over-year comparison due to costs incurred in last year's fourth quarter associated with a significant ramp in staffing and favorability in a variety of other smaller cost this year. During the quarter, we continue to take steps to better align our expenses to our sales. This included further reducing staffing through attrition in our stores and CECs, limiting hiring and contractor utilization in our corporate offices and continuing to align our marketing spend to sales. While our advertising expense on the dollar and per unit basis was lower year-over-year on the quarter, our investment for the quarter and full-year on a per unit basis remains aligned with last year's full-year spend level. For fiscal ‘24, in total, we anticipate maintaining per unit spend at a similar level to FY ‘23 with per unit spend varying from quarter-to-quarter. We believe that at this point, we largely have the resources in place to meet our near-term omnichannel and other digital investment needs. Accordingly, our expectation is that we will bend the expense growth curve on our omnichannel investments and our overall SG&A. In FY ‘24, we expect to require low single-digit gross profit growth to lever SG&A, well below the levels we've guided to during the investment heavy phases of our omni transformation. As a result, we expect to deliver stronger flow through of gross profit growth to profitability. While we expect that the front half of the year will benefit from the cost management actions we took in the back half of FY ‘23, the magnitude of the year-over-year benefit relative to the 8% decrease we experienced in Q4 may be muted, particularly in Q1. This dynamic stems from rolling over a more comparable period for advertising and a corporate bonus accrual in Q1 than the fourth quarter declines that I noted earlier. While not providing specific guidance beyond FY ‘24, we expect that this bending of the SG&A growth curve will carry over beyond this year. This will support our pathway back to a lower SG&A leverage ratio with the initial goal of returning to the mid-70% range over time. Hitting this range will also require healthier consumer demand. Regarding capital structure, our first priority remains to fund the business. Given the recent performance and ongoing market uncertainty, we continue to take a conservative approach to our capital structure. While our adjusted net debt to capital ratio was slightly below our 35% to 45% targeted range, we are managing our net leverage to maintain the flexibility that allows us to efficiently access the capital markets for both CAF and CarMax as a whole. In keeping with the school of maintaining flexibility, we continue to pause our share buybacks. Our $2.45 billion authorization remains in place as does our commitment to return capital to shareholders over time. For capital expenditures, we anticipate approximately $450 million in FY ‘24, similar to our FY ‘23 level. This spend is primarily being driven by investments in land and the build out of facilities related to long-term growth capacity for production and options. New store development is also contributing to CapEx, albeit at a lower level as we have slowed the pace of openings in FY ‘24. In FY ‘24, we plan to open five new locations including two more stores in the New York City metro market, as well as our first off-site production location in the Atlanta metro market. Our extensive nationwide footprint and logistics network continues to be a competitive advantage for CarMax. Our liquidity remains very strong and we ended the quarter with approximately $350 million in cash on the balance sheet and no draw on our $2 billion revolver. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. During the fourth quarter, CarMax Auto Finance originated $1.9 billion, resulting in penetration of 44.7% net of three-day payoffs, up from the 41% seen in the same quarter last year and in line with Q3. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers at 10.9% was up 110 basis points from Q3 and 270 basis points from the same period last year. We were pleased with our ability to increase consumer rates within the quarter, while maintaining a consistent share of finance contracts sequentially and growing our share of finance contracts substantially on a year-over-year basis. Tier 2 penetration in the quarter was 19.4% lower than typical seasonal levels. Tier 3 penetration was flat to last year at 6.9%, while our long-term lending partners continued to complement each other in providing strong credit offers to our customers, we did observe year-over-year tightening as both rising interest rates and delinquencies likely led to these adjustments. Of note, CAF has also adjusted its underwriting standards in reaction to the current environment, including towards the end of Q4 reducing its targeted percentage of Tier 3 volume from 10% to 5%. CAF income for the quarter was $124 million, down from $194 million in the same period last year. The $70 million year-over-year decrease is primarily driven by a $44 million increase in loan loss provision, as well as a $61 million increase in interest expense, partially offset by growth in interest and fee income. Within the quarter, total interest margin decreased to $262 million, down $22 million from the same quarter last year. The corresponding margin to receivables rate of 6.3% is down approximately 100 basis points year-over-year and 125 basis points from the near 10-year peak seen in this year's first quarter, driven mostly by the significant interest rate jumps absorbed during the past year. In response, we have made numerous pricing moves over the last 12 months, including in the fourth quarter that should cause the reduction in margin to slow and allow this portfolio rate to level off in fiscal year 2024. The loan loss provision in Q4 of $98 million results in an ending reserve balance of $507 million or 3.02% of ending receivables. This is compared to a reserve of $491 million last quarter, which was 2.95% of receivables. This sequential 7 basis point adjustment in the reserved to receivable ratio reflects unfavorable performance within the portfolio, as well as the uncertain macro environment along with the continued increase in cash Tier 2 and Tier 3 volume. We continue to target and operate within the 2% to 2.5% cumulative net credit loss range for our core Tier 1 portfolio and we believe we are appropriately reserved for future losses. Regarding further advancements in our credit technology, we continue to stabilize and improve upon our nationally available best-in-class pre-qualification product, finance-based shopping or FBS. During the fourth quarter, we fully deployed yet another of our large lending partners within the FBS platform, now bringing the total to five of well-established lenders that are providing decisions on the full vehicle inventory for an applicant and co-applicant, leveraging a soft credit pull. Note what truly makes this product distinct in used auto industry is our ability to calculate over 6 million unique credit decisions every minute from multiple finance sources, each leveraging their own distinct credit models and then to make these offers digitally available to customers wherever they are shopping in the store, at home, we're walking the lot. During this upcoming first quarter, we hope to add additional finance partners to the platform as work is already well underway. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jon and Enrique. As I mentioned at the start of the call, even as we navigated the challenges of fiscal ‘23, we achieved a number of key milestones during the year by focusing on making our omnichannel experience faster, simpler and more seamless for our associates and customers. I'm proud of the progress that we've made on our journey to deliver the most customer synthetic experience in the industry. Some highlights from this year that will have a lasting impact across our diversified business model are for retail we enabled online self-progression capabilities for all of our customers. As we evolve our omnichannel experience, we're also updating our operating models to drive efficiency gains in our stores. During the year, we launched self-checking capabilities for appraisal customers and also enhanced e-sign functionality to better enable self-progression. Our e-commerce engine combined with our unparalleled nationwide fiscal footprint is a competitive advantage. Our ability to deliver integration across digital and physical transactions is a key differentiator in both the experience we provide in the total addressable market available to us. For wholesale, we rolled out a modernized mobile friendly vehicle details page that displays the most relevant information from dealers they need to preview our wholesale inventory, creating a shopping experience for dealers that is similar to how consumers shop our retail inventory. We also expanded MaxOffer, our digital appraisal product for dealers to approximately 50 markets, which enable us to build on our leading position as a buyer of cars. We utilize our admin sales team to sign up new dealers for the service, which provides profitable incremental wholesale volume. For credit in CAFs, we completed the nationwide rollout of finance-based shopping, our multi-lender prequalification product. As Jon mentioned, this gives customers the flexibility to digitally receive quick credit decisions from a majority of our lenders across the entire vehicle inventory. Over 80% of our customers have used this online tool as they begin the credit process. In addition CAF is equally focused on coming out of this cycle leaner and more effective. The team is already leveraging the new loan receivable system that we deployed a little over a year ago to deliver on savings opportunities with many more expected in the upcoming years. Looking ahead to fiscal ‘24, we will build on last year's initiatives and prioritize projects that unlock operating efficiencies and create better experiences for our associates and customers. We are confident that the actions we will take position us better to capture the upside when the market improves. Some examples include: for retail, we are leveraging data science, automation and AI to make it even easier for customers to complete key transaction steps on their own and to go back and forth between assisted health and self-progression. We are also building digital tools that will support customers across key transaction steps and their journey and give them better insight into their remaining steps. These tools will drive online sales and make it easier for customers to opt in to express pickup. This delivery option offers customers the ability to complete their transaction at one of our stores in as little as 30 minutes and represents a win-win opportunity. Our research shows that customers love this experience when utilized and it will enable us to lower cost over time. For wholesale, we will leverage our modernized vehicle detail page to offer new services. Some examples include AI enhanced conditional reports, and proxy bidding capabilities. We will also improve MaxOffer by rolling out our instant offer experience to all participating dealers. These tools will enable us to drive incremental operational efficiencies as we continue to scale our wholesale volume, all while providing a better experience. For CAF, we're working to integrate our finance-based shopping product into our stores and customer experience centers more seamlessly, so that all consumers can enjoy the full experience. As Jon mentioned, we will also continue to pursue opportunities to add additional lenders to the platform, which will expand the breadth and depth of offers available to our customers. While these are a few good examples, our entire organization from Edmonds to Logistics is focused on improving efficiencies and experiences. We are confident in the future of our diversified business. We will continue to evaluate our performance relative to our long-term financial targets annually. As we start fiscal ‘24, we are affirming the targets that we updated in April ‘22, selling between 2 million and 2.4 million vehicles through our combined retail and wholesale channels by fiscal ‘26 generating between $33 billion and $45 billion in revenue by fiscal ’26, and growing our nationwide market share of zero to 10-year old vehicles to more than 5% by the end of calendar ‘25. I want to thank and congratulate all of our associates for the work they do. They are our strongest differentiator and the key to our success. Last week, Fortune Magazine named CarMax is one of its 100 Best Companies to Work for, for the 19th year in a row. I am incredibly proud of this recognition, particularly as we faced a challenging year. It's due to our associates' commitments in supporting each other, our customers and our communities every day. Over our nearly 30-year history, we've navigated many challenging environments and have emerged stronger each time. This environment is no different and I'm confident that the actions we are taking will enable us to drive robust growth as the market improves. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Corless?
Operator: Absolutely. At this time, we will open the floor for questions. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of John Healy with Northcoast Research.
John Healy: Guys, wanted to talk just a little bit about the CAF business to start off. Enrique, just hoping maybe you could hit us with kind of maybe your thoughts on where maybe some of the key metrics might look out maybe, say, the next quarter or so? Maybe on kind of losses as well as recoveries and maybe the crosscurrents there? But also just kind of on your cost of funds and where that's kind of moving to of late, as well as kind of the coupon rate that's going to the consumer? And is there a lag? Is there a catch-up period? Just how we can think about maybe some of those dynamics moving for -- as we start fiscal ‘24?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. I'll address the cost of funds and kind of how to think about that. Then I'll turn it over to Jon to talk about the business. So from a cost of funds perspective, what I'd tell you is that the securitization market, which we're largely dependent on, the market is open, is constructive currently and what we've seen, you signed in our first deal where the cost of funds came down relative to the deal that ended in 2022, right? And so we do believe that, that the benchmarks continue to come down, spreads continue to be healthy and we would expect that to, kind of, carry forward. Per timing, you would expect us to be in the market here in the near-term. But we would expect to be able to execute our deal. And again, I think relative to a couple of deals ago where the market really was compressed and the cost of funds was one of the highest we had seen in many, many, many years, it's come down from there. Still higher than obviously what we'd like them to be, but certainly better than where they had trended a couple of deals ago.
Jon Daniels: Sure. And I'll jump in on the other metrics. Just to piggyback on the cost of funds, obviously the other component there is the kind of APR, that's in the deal as well. Last time, we were at 9.09%, we just cited that we were 10.9% on our originations in this quarter, we've done a great job of raising rates through the year. So you can imagine that to drive through into future deals as well. So if spread settles in and our APRs are higher, that should benefit us. With regard to losses and delinquencies, as mentioned in the prepared remarks, again, we've taken our reserve up to $507 million, that's 3.02% of receivables. Did mention that some of that is driven by unfavorability in the portfolio and the macro environment. I think the entire industry is feeling a higher sense of delinquency in the consumer for us in the existing book of business. You've got some -- you've got definitely higher inflation making it more challenging for consumers. Our newer originations are purchasing at a higher average selling price, therefore, there's a higher payment. So people are having to work through having a higher auto payment than they might normally be used to. So all of these factors or things we're watching very carefully. We've reserved accordingly for it, but definitely a rise in delinquencies that we've done a nice job with and hasn't fully trended its way into losses and we think we're going to be able to continue to serve the consumer well. The other thing I'll add to that is we did mention in the prepared remarks and we have tightened -- many lenders have tightened on their -- in our platform, as well as outside of the industry and we've tightened as well. But something that we've done on a regular basis, we did it in the great recession, we did it at the start of a pandemic. We've done it many times in between. So we have tightened just to make it a little more conservative to watch this consumer carefully. But again, with our tightening, our partners will be happy to pick up that volume as we've done. So looking out hard to say where losses and delinquencies are going to be, but we think we're in that 2% to 2.5% range as we always have. We think we're well reserved and we'll watch the consumer carefully.
John Healy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Michael Montani: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask on retail and wholesale GPUs. Those were both, I think, stronger than we were anticipating. If you could just provide some update on the pricing volatility that we're seeing pretty unprecedented, I think both at retail as well as at wholesale. And then competitively what you're seeing in the market, how sustainable is this, kind of, strong discipline in GPU I guess for those two segments?
Bill Nash: Sure. Good morning, Michael. Yes, on the retail and wholesale GPU, obviously, they did come in stronger. I think the wholesale benefited a little bit we saw some appreciation in the latter part of the quarter, which when that generally happens, we usually trail whether it goes up or comes down. So I think that added a little bit of favorability there. I think as you go forward thinking about wholesale, I would land probably more in the line of where we've been historically $900 to $1,000. On the retail side again, we did expansive price elasticity testing and determined that we could have sold a few more cars, but we actually would have made less money. So we held the retail GPUs, they're pretty similar to the third quarter. They were up year-over-year and that's more of a function of the fact that we continue to have a higher mix of older vehicles, which carry a little bit more margin. I think just in the retail pricing environment in totality, we did see some depreciation at the beginning of the quarter, we saw a little bit of appreciation at the latter part. If you go back a year ago, not this year, they just completed the year before, prices appreciated about $7,500 and that's in the zero to five-year old cars this year. By the end of the calendar year, they had come back about $5,000, I would expect, even though we've seen some recent appreciation, I would expect to probably start to see a little bit more depreciation as we go forward. So that should continue to give a little bit of relief on the overall retail sales price.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning and thank you for taking my question. We're hearing that some banks [Technical Difficulty]
Bill Nash: Corless, I think we may have lost Craig.
Operator: Craig, your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Yes, good morning. Can you hear me?
Bill Nash: Yes, we can hear you, Craig. Go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Thank you. Yes, so we've heard that some banks are pulling back on floor plan credit for some of your competitors. I'm wondering since you self-fund your inventory, would you expect an advantage sourcing inventory in this environment?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think it's hard to say, I mean, what I would tell you is because our self-sufficiency is so high, we just really haven't had an issue on sourcing environment. It's not like we're going out and competing in the auction lanes as much as we used to. I think it remains to be seeing what the impact is on competitors and where they get their funding. I guess theoretically, it could cause prices to go down if they are not able to source financing to keep inventory on the lot. But that remains to be seen.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just had like a question on SG&A and one within that. Maybe just on the store occupancy car, it was lower quarter-over-quarter by roughly 10%, despite five new stores opened. Is there something we're missing there? We would have expected it to be up sequentially given the new openings, but I just want to make sure, are we not missing any one-timers there? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Jon Daniels: Great. Yes, thanks, Rajat. Yes, I don't think we’re missing anything, I thing a couple of points here. One is that there was some timing of spend from quarter-to-quarter things will vary. So we had some timing favorability this quarter over the previous quarter. In addition, given the volumes and where they're at, we had a bit of a pullback in our rent as volumes flex, we will move up in terms of our off lot short-term capacity to accommodate volumes. And given where volumes are at, we did have a pullback in our off-site capacity. So you'll see that reflected in occupancy through a lower rent. So those are the two bigger items I'd tell you within the quarter.
Rajat Gupta: Understood. That's helpful. And in terms of just budgeting purposes for SG&A for the year. What kind of view are you taking on the used car market this year? Do you expect the industry, especially the zero to 10-year old space to grow this year and do you expect to grow share within that -- with the level of ad spend that you're guiding to? Just curious like what kind of shape of recovery are you assuming in your budgeting plan?
Bill Nash: Yes, Rajat, thanks for the question. Look, we're certainly not economists, but I think there's some publications and I think like COGS for example has the used market overall being down a little bit this year. I think you also have it softer in the front part, I mean, softer in the front part a little bit better in the back half. I think that's kind of the way we think about it as well, but that remains to be seen. And as always on the market share, our goal is whether the market is a good market or a bad market. We want to gain profitable market share and I spoke to just the transitory pressures that we continue to see in this quarter as it relates to market share. But given previous experiences, we would expect that to turn and then we'd get back into gaining market share.
Rajat Gupta: Understood. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Brian Nagel: So a question I want to ask. So kind of comments, it sounds like you are telegraphing for this year now a lower leverage point. I mean, you're going to leverage expenses at lower rates of growth. So I guess the question I have is to make sure I'm correct in that assessment. And then what changed? I mean, what were you -- what levers were you able to pull in order to allow them to happen? And then, again, kind of going back to your comments for clarification, should we assume that as the business eventually strengthens out of this cyclical trough that leverage point will remain more skewed than it had been previously?
Bill Nash: Yes, everyone. Thanks for the question. I'll give you my thoughts first and I'm sure Enrique will have some thoughts as well. But you're exactly right, we are -- send in the message that we expect this to be at a lower rate going forward. And if you think about the past few years, every year we update and say, okay, this is what it's going to take to lever and we're running that five day in this past year, prior year we said, hey, it's going require more than that, because of the investments we knew we were making plus some of the carryover investments. We hadn't been giving longer term guidance, because quite honestly, while many companies have gone from a pure brick and mortar to more of an omnichannel, there really hasn't been any other example of companies doing that with what I call considered purchase where there's a lot of back and forth between physical and digital properties. And so I almost equate this to renovating an old house, which unfortunately haven't experienced with that too. You don't know what you don't know until you get into it. And every time you pull down a wall in old house there's some new surprise there. Well, with this, every time we would turnover a rock as it related to the omnichannel experience, there were two other rocks underneath it. And I think what we've gotten to the point of is that we've built out our product organization. We feel really good about the resources there. We've got the base of the capabilities. Now it's about enhancing, and then as we enhance and finish some things, we'll shift people to work on different things. So we feel good about the resources that we have at this point. And I'll let Enrique add any other…
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, just to build on that a little bit, [Steve] (ph), as I said in my prepared remarks, we are past the investment in heavy phase for omni transformation. We believe, largely speaking that we have the resources in place, we're appropriately staffed and now it's really a matter of executing on our plans to really focus around enhancing efficiencies, enhancing and strengthening experiences for our customers and for our associates, right? But we believe we passed that point. So we do think that now and for the guidance that we've given, low-single-digit gross profit growth is what we're going to need to lever. And I would think about that as well as carrying beyond FY ‘24 and into, while not giving specific guidance, I would think about that. That is kind of where we are in our maturity curve as a company and that's kind of how I think about it for the next period of time.
Brian Nagel: Alright, guys. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. A few things around SG&A. Just want to make sure I understand the context around leverage. So are you referring to SG&A leverage as a percent of sales or SG&A to gross profit? So just want to make sure, well, level set on what metric you're using. I also want to clarify the cadence in the first quarter, are you referring to sequential moderation in the decline or year-over-year moderation? I think that's, kind of, important to quantify as well? And then lastly and I'm sorry it's a multipronged question. It's just on the ad spend, so it’s a little surprised to hear and I think I heard correctly that ad spend per car would remain consistent year-over-year. And I just wondered the thought process behind that given the environment we're in, which it sounds as if a lot of people are just priced out of cars' period. So I wonder about keeping that ad spend, kind of, at the same level versus retracting maybe more towards the $300 level that you had historically?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Thank you, Sharon, for the multiple questions. And see here if I can…
Sharon Zackfia: Couple of clarifications, I'm using the clarifications [Multiple Speaker]
Enrique Mayor-Mora: I guess the others, and you asked different here, right? So on the first one, absolutely, we moved to leverage being defined as SG&A to gross profit. So not retail units, not sales because as you know, as we've migrated and transformed ourselves it's also about just solely per retail unit. There's also a better wholesale business, a better CAF business. So we take a holistic look and our leverage point specifically is on gross profit. So I think that was your first point of clarification. The second for the first quarter, yes, it is an important point and I had it in my notes here that I spoke to. So in the fourth quarter, right, we -- year-over-year, we were down 8% in SG&A. So, what we're communicating here is that in the first quarter of FY ‘24 upcoming year that decrease may be muted, compared year-over-year decrease in the first quarter versus last year's first quarter would be muted compared to that 8%. And that's just because we'll be -- will have more comparables when it comes to the corporate bonus accrual, which in the fourth quarter was down pretty materially as I call that in my notes. As well, our fourth quarter last year, our marketing spend was much higher than what it was in this fourth quarter, which provided some relief in this fourth quarter. So that presents a little bit of more of a challenge for the first quarter of FY ’24, as compared year-over-year, as compared to FY ‘23. And then lastly, on marketing per spend, we made a decision a few years ago to take our marketing per unit spend up along with our journey here and our transformation and that's where we currently what we intend on keeping it. We believe we have a strong line of sight into ROI and very accretive properties and investments here. Our marketing team does a fantastic job and being able to track what is accretive. What is ROI generating and what is not ROI generating. So we have a pretty good understanding of our portfolio of investments when it comes to marketing and currently, we think that 350 roughly per unit spend is appropriate for where we are.
Bill Nash: And Sharon, the only other thing I would add to that is, and Enrique said this in his comments, it can vary quarter-to-quarter. You may be up in some quarters, you may be down in some other quarters and that will really be dictated by some of the ROI that we're seeing. We're always going to have some brand spend out there, because I think it's important long-term. So the other thing I think of note here is that when we think about advertising, we also -- it's not just about customer acquisition, it’s also about vehicle acquisition. So there may be sometimes we spend up a little bit more in trying to buy cars from consumer. So again, we'll continue to monitor this.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. Obviously, retail prices are still up quite a bit. Average rates also up and so monthly payments are up meaningfully? I know it's causing a double-digit decline in comps, but I guess what kind of impact is it having specifically on your conversion rate? In other words, like when we look at the sales decline, is it being driven more by reduction in traffic or kind of the first swing at the plate that you guys get? Or is it more kind of people get close to finish line and then just decide that they really can't afford what they're looking at? Like is it one more than the other or are they -- those factors about the same?
Bill Nash: Yes, great question, Scot, and welcome back to the call.
Scot Ciccarelli: Thank you.
Bill Nash: It's -- we see the traffic top of funnel, so it's not top of funnel. The degradation really happens at the conversion point and which can make sense as you find a car that you like, you start working through and all of a sudden you realize, wow, that monthly payment is more than I can afford and then you see where they fall out, which is the reason why we've been talking about vehicle affordability is one of the biggest factors that impact our sales. So it's all about conversion, not necessarily top of funnel.
Jon Daniels: Yes. And I'll just add on to that, Scot. Just one ahead of thing, what we mentioned the FBS platform and one of the things we're so excited about that, right? So many people are shopping for that monthly payment online out the gate, not in the store necessarily. And so being able to -- if they pick vehicle X and it ends up being a higher payment for them, we're providing them the capability to see payments on all the vehicles with multiple lenders so they can pivot relatively quickly. So we think again once the shock of the higher ASPs come down over time just having that tool out there to adjust that price when in that payment as needed will really benefit us. And we'll springboard out of this thing.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. So total demand is still there. It's just the affordability or the ability to close is really the main challenge if you will?
Bill Nash: Yes, the interest is definitely there. And I think some of the web traffic continued strength in the web traffic is also because of the finance based shopping product that Jon just talk to people just trying to figure out what can I afford? Maybe they're not ready to buy a car, but maybe they're just looking to see what can I afford?
Scot Ciccarelli: Great. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Your line is open.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Good morning.
Daniel Imbro: Enrique, I want to ask on SG&A maybe a little bit different way. You talked about attrition for a few quarters now and you're making -- it seems like good progress driving down that compensation line? Where are staffing levels today in the stores or CECs versus a year ago or before these attrition? Are we 15% lower? Is headcount 20% lower? And then where should that go as growth improves? Because on one hand, I think Bill just mentioned you should stay more lean going forward, but I thought in your prepared remarks you said working toward the mid-70s SG&A to gross ratio over time? So just trying to put those pieces together, if you could talk about kind of the staffing where we're at and where that goes and what it means for long-term SG&A margins?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I'm going to tell you is that we believe we're largely speaking appropriately staffed. There's still some pockets where there's probably some overstaffing that we're working through, right? And, we do it in a healthy way, which is just through attrition. And that's the approach we've taken for the past period here. But largely speaking, we think we're appropriately staffed, kind of, across the board. Compared to last year, right? We were down when it comes to like what flows through SG&A, because we do have a large service department and service associates that flows to our COGS. But just through SG&A, we're down about 10% year-over-year, right? And that's really, kind of, staffing in our CECs as we've rightsized in our stores as we've rightsized as well and that's where you'll see it offset a little bit by our corporate overhead staffing, but net-net we're down about 10%. So that's kind of where we are. When it comes to like the 70% mid-70%. Yes, we're actually striving to get there. Our goal is to get back to a leverage rate that's more reflective of a stronger flow through and a business model that we're striving to get to. Now to get to that number, we're also going to need some help in sales, right, as well to support that. And we expect to get there over time. I think to get there in FY ‘24, I would tell you it would be a strong stretch just, kind of, given where we ended FY ‘23 and kind of where volumes are at. And just the environment that we're operating in. But we are controlling what is in our control and I think we've done a pretty effective job here of taking our SG&A down and thinking about our business model and the maturity curve in terms of where we are with our omni transformation. And now it's really a matter of, kind of, reallocating resources internally to work on the most accretive projects that we have.
Bill Nash: Yes. And Daniel, the only other thing I would add to that is even as we -- as business returns, we're heavily focused on finding efficiencies. The business model has really changed within the store with omni. So we're looking at more efficiencies in the CEC, so as more volume comes in, CECs don't have to grow as fast. We've already taken -- we've reduced the sales force, because of the CECs, because customers are coming more progress, which is another reason why we're really focused on this self-progression, the more customers can progress on their own, our floor sales consultants can handle more associates. So as we think about the future model, we're trying to get efficiencies not only at the corporate side, which we feel pretty good about the teams we've got there, but also just become more efficient in the field operations.
Daniel Imbro: And if I could squeeze a clarifier, not another question. I guess you guys used to be in the mid to high-60s, it sounds like you reduced headcount 10% the CEC is making more efficient. I guess why wouldn't that or something better than that be the target you're working towards Enrique rather than the mid-70s. I guess have there been incremental expenses from the omni and admins that have just have raised that long-term SG&A margin?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. And what I said is that our first step, right, so our initial goal is to the mid-70s and then longer term, we do have as part of our aspirations to get back to roughly where we were. I don't know if we'll get back fully to where we were in the medium term here, but certainly our first step is to get to the mid-70s.
Bill Nash: Yes. And I think Daniel on that, keep in mind part of the omni transformation is we've gone from an organization that worked with all legacy systems that really didn't cost us anything to a combination of systems that we built in-house, but also software-as-a-service. And software-as-a-service is an expense that we used to not have. So things like software-as-a-service, the product organization that we built out, we've got 60 product teams that really enable having this omni channel experience both to have the store and the digital. So that expense isn't going away. We didn't use to have that expense. Theoretically, the CECs will be offset with the sale. So that should watch, but there are the things like cybersecurity that because we have so much of a digital presence now you had to step up your spend there. So there are some things which is why to Enrique’s point, our first goal is, hey, let's get back to the 70s because we know we've got some headwinds on things that we didn't use to have and then we'll continue to work on taking it below there.
Daniel Imbro: Great. Appreciate all the color and best of luck.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. My question is on retail GPU, pretty good performance this quarter. Curious to know whether or not you think the market dynamics helped you on that metric? And then looking forward, should we be thinking about that flat year-over-year for 2024 fiscal or should there be a movement one way or the other based on the price elasticity expectations and other factors?
Bill Nash: Yes. Good morning, Seth. Yes, I think the market dynamics did help, because again, we were doing pricing elasticity tests and as I said earlier, we could have sold some more cars, but overall profitability would have been down. So I think that, that did help. Now as far as going forward, I think, I'd probably get more in the range of where we historically. I think, you know, part of it will depend on what the macro factors, because we'll continue to test elasticity. But if you think about we've been, kind of, in the 2,100 to -- roughly 2,100, 2,150 22,000 in that range. I would think somewhere in that range is probably a good target to think about for the upcoming year. But again, it's going to be dependent on what we see from the market factors.
Seth Basham: Okay. And just as a follow-up thinking about the trade-off between unit sales and GPU market share is clearly an important goal of yours. Is there a point in time where you'll be more aggressive on price to regain market share to meet your long-term targets. You truly believe this is transitory? Is there any reason why it may not be?
Bill Nash: Yes. No, it's a great question. And again, we've always said this idea of proper market share and that hasn't changed. You know, if I look at the market share for 2022 relatively flat. You can argue it was slightly up, but we call it relatively flat. For the first-half of the year, we saw good market share gains. In fact, most several of the months were double-digit gains. We hit August, August, I would call was fairly flat, and then we saw declining gains really from September through December. And we've seen this before, if I go back to ’08, ’09, if I go back to COVID, although they're very different circumstances, we've seen where we've lost market share for a period of time, then it flattens out. We start from a month-over-month, we start to grow it back. We get back to where we were before we started and then we continue to increase. I would expect this to not be any different. I'm encouraged as I look at the data that we have so far, if you look at August through or really September through December, it was decreasing market shares month-over-month. I think December, January, my hope is we've kind of bottomed out there. We don't have the February data yet, but I'm hoping that we bottomed out, which means that, okay, market share should from month-over-month will still be probably below year-over-year, but we should start to climb back out.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey, guys. It's Chris Bottiglieri. I just wanted to ask on CapEx, can you elaborate a little bit more there. The omnichannel is slowing a bit and you're only opening five stores. Just trying to get a sense for like why the CapEx is stepping up? Are you planning to reaccelerate store growth in FY ’25, this incurring some upfront capital costs there? And then you mentioned -- sorry, there's a long way to question, you said a lot on the call. You mentioned that you're opening up these off-site recognition centers and auction centers. Are these more capital intensive in your stores trying to understand what strategies and what these investments help to accomplish? And just can you elaborate that will be really helpful?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. Yes, so year-over-year in FY ‘24, we expect our CapEx spend to be roughly the same as what it was, but what's making it up is changing a little bit, right? And so by far, the largest contributor to our CapEx in FY ‘24 is going to be really that's starting to build out our off-site production, our off-site auction capabilities to ensure that over time, over the longer term that we're able to meet our long targets, right? We feel good about our near-term and our ability to hit kind of our sales, our auction levels, but we also need to plan for the future at the same time. So that consists of buying land across the country. It also consists of this year building out and opening our first off-site production auction -- production site sorry which will be in Atlanta and the metro market there. And the way to think about that is the size of it will be roughly and this way to think about them moving forward in our off-site production locations will be roughly the size of our largest production locations that we have in our stores currently, right? Large acreage, so 20 plus acres as well is how to think about them. And from a CapEx spend, they'll be similar to the CapEx that we had spent in the past on, kind of, our production locations just for those. But that is actually driving the largest piece of our CapEx spend. There is some anticipation that stores will continue to grow in FY ’25, right? Still, it was going to kind of see how the market, how we perform, how the macro environment is. We have lowered that amount for FY ’24 as you know, we're at five new stores and we'll see in FY ‘25, but there is some planning for that, that goes ahead even this early on in the year, because it does take quite a bit of time to get a store open.
Bill Nash: Yes. And Chris, I would just add to that the planned spend for the capacity, it's no different than what we've done in the past. We used to build production stores as we're going into new markets. Well, what we've been doing here lately, because we haven't opened up a bunch of production stores, we've been leveraging the existing production. So we had planned to add capacity. So it's really no different than what we've done in the past. It just happens to be okay now is time that we start to do some additional production builds. And the really only difference is that some of them will not be attached to stores, but still in close proximity to stores, because that's a big competitive advantage.
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes. That's really helpful. And then just related, I think you mentioned something effective opening up simulcast to get on wholesale. Can you maybe just elaborate there? It seems you're getting really strong wholesale volumes in GPUs to understand like the motivation there and what that means for revenue and cost? Just any thoughts would be helpful.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, it's a good question. We just want to make sure that we're both maximizing the experience for our dealers, as well as maximizing the ultimate price that our cars sell for. And so we're just doing small tests just to see, hey, having a -- both a physical sale, but also virtually broadcasting it, are there new dealers that might show up? Or do you get extra bid. So we -- in our efforts to make sure we're being efficient as possible, we don't want to leave any [Indiscernible] unturned. So I don't really think about it as a big SG&A spend, because a lot of -- like the testing that we're doing is what I would call more of a post card sale. So you actually have the cars running through, but you have the auction lane open for folks to bid in that kind of thing. So again, small tests, we're going to continue to see what we can learn. But to your point, we feel great about the margins what we can put on cars. But again, we always are looking to get a little better.
Chris Bottiglieri: That’s okay. Thank you for the time. Appreciate it.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. Just two very quick follow-ups or clarifications. In the press release you said total interest margin would level off in 2024. I'm just curious as we look at the last three years running in ‘21 and ‘20, you did about 7% collateral spreads in those pools and in the last four, you did 4% collateral spreads. Is there something in sort of the forward market or what you're about to launch where you think the spreads are going to open up quite a bit. It just seems hard to understand how -- if we think about this -- that, that spreads could level off and maybe not compress? And then just a second question, Bill, on the franchise -- I'm sorry, on the market share gains. Is there room to gain in the six to 10-year old segment? I mean, if you kind of think about that 4% in one -- in the zero to 10-year old market, is there significant room in these older vehicles where you might have higher grosses over time?
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, thanks John for the question. I'll take the NIM one. So I think first -- most important to point out is you're coming off of probably a 10-year peak in Q1 previous of this year. You really benefited from low funding costs. Lenders were able to capture a lot of margin there. You look at some of those deals you referenced, I mean, very, very strong margin. So while we'd love to have been to stay up there, it was probably never going to happen and you've seen us come down sequentially quarter-over-quarter. I think if you look at what -- how we have been able to raise rates for our consumers and obviously, Enrique already mentioned earlier, we do think that the ABS market is kind of improving. We're probably better matched with our rates to how we'll do long-term funding costs out there. And so we think that when we look out, you never know where funding costs are going to go, you never know what consumers are going to walk through the door. Ultimately, we need to remain competitive and make sure that we're able to sell cars and provide competitive rates for our consumers. But when we look out, we've come down off of this peak. We think that we're well matched with our rates versus what we can fund this stuff for in the future and we do think we can level off in ‘24.
John Murphy: I'm sorry, does the match mean that you're going to get back to 5% to 6% collateral spreads you think in the near future? That's what you've seen, but things are somewhat more normal. So I’m just curious if that's what you think you're going to get to soon?
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. If you just look at those previous deals, you look at the ‘23 one deal, again, an APR of 9.09%, we just referenced that we're at 10.9% this quarter and I could tell you that's not where we ended the quarter, so you're going to see in subsequent deals APR is higher if funding costs are more reasonable, I think we're absolutely going to be better matched funding costs for rate out there, that's exactly what I'm referring to.
John Murphy: Thank you.
Bill Nash: And John, on the market share the six, 10, remember, we always measure market share zero to 10. I do think six to 10 is an opportunity. I mean, if you look at our recent sales like even this quarter, vehicle is over six years over 60,000 miles. If I look at where we were year-over-year, we're probably 10 points higher, we're probably high 30s as a percent of sale. The real question will be is prices come down. Do consumers start to go back to newer model vehicles? So we'll see, I think we're in a great position. We obviously have shown that we can acquire those vehicles and recondition them. So it's a great lever as we go forward.
John Murphy: Okay. When you just think of that as a structural opportunity, right? I mean, if those consumers go back to the younger, cheaper vehicles, you still have those 10-year old vehicles that you can sell. Wouldn't that just augment your, sort of, long-term structural growth? I mean, I'm just curious, I mean, it just seems like a huge opportunity.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think so. But again, some of it will be just on consumer demand. If the folks that are coming into our stores are looking for later model vehicles, lower mileage, we're certainly going to put more of those on our lot, so we'll manage to whatever the consumer is looking for.
John Murphy: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Pierce with Needham. Your line is open.
Chris Pierce: Hey, good morning. About halfway through Q1 here, I was just curious if you could comment on used ASPs, retail ASPs and what you're seeing? They came down 7% sequentially in Q4, but I know Q3 was a little bit artificially inflated. Just given that's been talked about wholesale demand and strong wholesale price increases as a trace, if that's flowing through the retail or not as much, because of the retail wholesale spread? Just kind of curious what you're seeing quarter-to-date for retail ASPs?
Bill Nash: Yes, I think, Chris, it's a little early, because the vehicles we're selling right now, we sourced in the last quarter. So I don't think it's really going to impact up to this point what your retail ASPs are. So I would think about this quarter right now, our retail ASPs are probably similar to what they were for the quarter. And again, we had a little bit of appreciation that we saw there. Keep in mind that the depreciation flows through much quickly on the wholesale cars, because you're turning those -- that inventory every seven days.
Chris Pierce: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Whiston with Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. Just curious if you've seen a noteworthy pullback from CAF lending partners or I'm sorry from your lending partners, because your CAF gross penetration was up 330 bps. And related to that, Jon, I think you said earlier, you wanted to -- your goal is just to add new lenders. Were you talking about ABS lending or also for the Tier 2 and Tier 3 partners?
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, just to your first question, David. Yes, certainly when partners pull back, the pie sums to a 100, so CAF can benefit from that. But I think CAF's penetration is really again us remaining competitive in that tier space and winning the volume outright. But yes, we did see our Tier 2 partners certainly pull back, Tier 3 tends to benefit from that, because those customers who typically would be Tier 2 may move down and get picked up by Tier 3. But I think that just speaks to the quality of our platform, right? If CAF pulls back Tier 2 picks up, if Tier 2 pulls back Tier 3 picks up or other partners in Tier 2, but we did see pullback in the Tier 2 space certainly. And your second question was probably with regard to my prepared remarks and about adding a subsequent lender, we were referring to the FBS platform. We have five, again, long-term lenders on there, which means that they are operating with a soft pull they are decisioning all the vehicles using their models in minutes and getting it back to us so we can provide that to the consumer and provide as rich an offer as possible. Every lender you add, we added one in Q4, we hope to add another one in Q1 just further strengthens the set of offers across all the inventory that the customer can see and helps them to convert. So that's what I was referring to.
Bill Nash: And those are -- David, those are long-term lenders that we already have that we're pulling in [Multiples Speakers]
Jon Daniels: Absolutely, it’s not adding a brand new lender, although I'm sure we have plenty of lenders that would love to come into our space. But this is existing in our typical in-store environments that we're going to add into this again very rich FBS environment.
David Whiston: Okay. Thank you. And are you seeing any increase in repossessions or do you expect that to happen later this year?
Jon Daniels: So if your question is, increased repossessions. Obviously, as losses go up, as you're seeing delinquencies certainly in the industry, it will lead to losses then you're going to see added repossession. So I think the entire industry is seeing that. We are seeing that to some degree, if that's your question.
David Whiston: Yes. Thank you very much.
Jon Daniels: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We don't have any further questions at this time. I'll hand the call back to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. I want to thank everybody for joining the call and your questions and support. I do want to congratulate all the associates again on being named a great place to work for 19-years in a row. And like I said earlier, we believe we're well positioned to navigate this environment and emerge even stronger. We look forward to talking with everyone next quarter. Take care.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes the fourth quarter fiscal year 2023 CarMax earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2022-12-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter Fiscal year 2023 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are a in listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Lowenstein, AVP Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2023 third quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance Operations. Let me remind you, our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations, and assumptions, and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K, filed with the SEC, this morning, and our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022, previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422 extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great, thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Our third quarter results reflect the continuation of widespread pressures across the used car industry. Vehicle affordability remain challenging due to macro factors stemming from broad inflation, climbing interest rates, and continued low consumer confidence. In addition, persistent and steep depreciation impacted wholesale values throughout the quarter. In response, we have been taking deliberate steps to support our business for both the short-term and for the long run. We are leveraging our strongest assets, our associates, our experience and our culture to manage through this cycle. Actions that we took during the quarter include further reducing SG&A, selling a higher mix of older lower priced vehicles, slowing buys in light of the steep market depreciation, maintaining used saleable inventory units while driving down total inventory dollars more than 25% year-over-year, raising caps consumer rates to help offset rising cost of funds, pausing share buyback to give us capital flexibility and slowing our planned store growth for next fiscal year to five locations while maintaining our ability to open more locations if market conditions change. In the near-term, we are prioritizing initiatives that unlock operational efficiencies and create better experiences for our associates and our customers. While we continue to selectively invest in initiatives that have the potential to activate new capabilities, we have slowed the pace of those investments. We believe these steps will enable us to come out of this cycle leaner and more effective while positioning us for future growth. We will provide more details on these actions later during today's call. And now on to our results. For the third quarter of FY ‘23, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $6.5 billion, down 24% compared with last year's third quarter, driven by lower retail and wholesale volume. In our retail business, total unit sales in the third quarter declined 20.8% and used unit comps were down 22.4% versus the third quarter last year, when we achieved a 15.8% used unit comp. In addition to the macro factors that I mentioned previously, we believe our performance was impacted by transitory competitive responses to the current environment. External title data indicates that we gained market share on a year-to-date basis through October, though we've seen some recent loss of share. As we have said before, we are focused on profitable market share gains that can be sustained for the long-term. Through expansive price elasticity testing, we determined that holding margins during the quarter was the right profitability play. Third quarter retail gross profit per used unit was $2,237, which is consistent with last year's third quarter. Also unit sales were down 36.7% versus the third quarter last year, driven by rapidly changing market conditions, which included about $2,000 of depreciation. This is incremental to approximately $2,500 of depreciation experienced during the second quarter. Wholesale performance was also impacted as we continued to reallocate some older vehicles from wholesale to retail to meet consumer demand for lower priced vehicles. Also, gross profit per unit was $966, down from a third quarter record of $1,131 a year ago. Recall, last year prices appreciated approximately $2,500 during the quarter, which was a margin tailwind. Just as we were doing in retail, we will continue to focus on maximizing total wholesale margin profitability. We bought approximately 238,000 vehicles from consumers and dealers during the third quarter, down 40% versus last year's period. Our volume was impacted by steep depreciation and our deliberate decision to slow buys in reaction to the depreciation. We purchased approximately 224,000 cars from consumers in the quarter with about half of those buys coming through our online instant appraisal experience. We also sourced about 14,000 vehicles through Max offer, our digital appraisal product for dealers, up 16% from last year's third quarter. Our self-sufficiency remained above 70% during the quarter. In regard to our third quarter online metrics, approximately 12% of retail unit sales were online, up from 9% in the prior year's quarter. Approximately 52% of retail unit sales were Omni sales this quarter, down from 57% in the prior year's quarter. Our wholesale auctions remained virtual, so 100% wholesale sales, which represent 18% of total revenue, are considered online transactions. Total revenue resulting from online transactions was approximately 28%, down from 30% during last year's third quarter. CarMax Auto Financer Cap delivered income of $152 million, down from $166 million during the same period last year. John will provide more detail on consumer financing, the loan loss provision, and cash contribution in a few moments. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique who will provide more information on our third quarter financial performance and the steps we've taken to further align our business to the current sales environment. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Third quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.24, down from $1.63 a year ago. Total gross profit was $577 million, down 31% from last year's third quarter. Used retail margin of $403 million and wholesale vehicle margin of $115 million declined 21% and 46%, respectively. The year-over-year decreases were driven by lower volume across used and wholesale and lower wholesale margin per unit. As Bill noted, we continue to face depreciation and have been adjusting accordingly to better position ourselves to manage through the current environment. Other gross profit was $59 million, down 49% from last year's third quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by the effect of lower retail unit sales on service and EPP. Service results declined $37 million has lower sales and secondarily, our decision to maintain technician staffing levels drove some deleveraging. Technicians are among the most in-demand associates in the industry, and their retention will position us strongly to quickly grow inventory when we exit the current cycle. EPP fell by 14% or $15 million, reflecting the decline in sales that was partially offset by stronger margins and a favorable year-over-year returned reserve adjustment. Penetration was stable at approximately 60%. Third-party finance fees were relatively flat over last year's third quarter with lower volume and fee generating Tier-2 offset by lower Tier-3 volumes for which we pay a fee. On the SG&A front, expenses for the third quarter were $592 million, up 3% from the prior year's quarter, reflecting a slowdown from the year-over-year increases of 19% during the first quarter and 16% during the second quarter of this year. In the prior year's third quarter, we received a $23 million settlement from a class action lawsuit. Adjusting for that settlement, SG&A actually would have declined 1% year-over-year this quarter. SG&A as a percent of gross profit was materially pressured as compared to the third quarter last year, due primarily to the 31% decrease in total gross margin dollars compared to last year's quarter. The change in SG&A dollars over last year was mainly due to the following factors. First, a $41 million increase in other overhead primarily driven by cycling over last year's legal settlement. We also continue to invest, although at a reduced pace in our technology platforms and strategic and growth initiatives. Second, an $18 million reduction in compensation and benefits, including a $16 million decrease in share-based compensation, and third, a $17 million reduction in advertising. During the quarter, we continue to take steps to better align our expenses to our sales. This included further reducing staffing through attrition in our stores and CECs limiting hiring and contractor utilization in our corporate offices and continuing to align our marketing spend to sales. While our advertising expense was lower year-over-year, our investment on a per unit basis remains consistent with last year's third quarter. We remain focused on reducing expenses and anticipate continued progress in the fourth quarter. Regarding capital structure, our first priority is to fund the business. Given third quarter performance and continued market uncertainties, we are taking a conservative approach to our capital structure. While our adjusted debt-to-capital ratio was below 35% to 45% targeted range. We are managing our net leverage to maintain the flexibility that allows us to efficiently access the capital markets for both CAF and CarMax as a whole. In keeping with this goal of maintaining flexibility, we took the following steps this quarter in addition to the SG&A actions I spoke to. First, we paused our share buybacks. Our $2.45 billion authorization remains in place, as does our commitment to return capital back to shareholders over time. Second, we slowed the velocity of our CapEx spend, we expect CapEx will end the fiscal year at approximately $450 million versus our previous $500 million estimate. As Bill mentioned, we have also conservatively planned store growth of five new locations in fiscal year 2024. Our liquidity remains very strong. We ended the quarter with over $680 million in cash on the balance sheet and no draw on our $2 billion revolver. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, the strength and stability of our credit platform provided approvals to over 95% of the consumers who applied for credit during their shopping journey. CarMax Auto Finance originated $2.1 billion within the quarter, resulting in a penetration of 44.4% net three-day payoffs up from 42.2% realized in the same quarter last year and 41.2% in Q2. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 9.8%, which was higher than the 8.3% in last year's third quarter and a 9.4% seen in Q2. We continue to leverage our scalable testing environments and nimble underwriting infrastructure to strategically pass along a portion of the increased funding costs to consumers while still increasing share of the finance contracts. Tier-2 penetration in the quarter was 20.5% in line with historical levels, but down from last year's 22.2%. Tier-3 have financed 6.1% of used unit sales compared to 6.5% a year ago. Our lenders continued to make their own independent lending decisions in this challenging environment, and we remain pleased with the competitive offers they are collectively able to provide to our customers. CAF income for the quarter was $152 million, a decrease of 8.3% or $14 million from the same period last year. Our loan loss provision was $86 million, resulting in an ending reserve balance of $491 million. This is compared to a provision of $76 million in last year's Q3. The current quarter's reserve of $491 million is 2.95% of managed receivables up slightly from 2.92% at the end of this year second quarter. This sequential three basis point adjustment in reserves to receivables ratio, comes primarily from the continued addition of Tier-2 and Tier-3 receivables to the overall portfolio as seen in previous quarters. All in all, we were pleased with the credit performance within our portfolio during the quarter, we believe we are appropriately reserved for future losses. Further, we continue to be in a strong position to leverage our unique credit platforms to operate our Tier-1 business within our targeted loss range up 2% to 2.5%. Within the quarter, total interest margin dollars were flat to last year at $277 million modestly supported by a $5 million benefit from our hedging strategy. The corresponding margin to receivables rate 6.7% was down 54 basis points year-over-year as receivables with historically low funding costs are offset by the receivables impacted by the more recent Fed moves. Regarding advancements in our broader credit technology, during the third quarter, we successfully completed the nationwide rollout of finance-based shopping, our multilinear pre-qualification product, and we continue to see a high level of engagement with this experience. As a reminder, this gives customers the ability to digitally receive quick credit decisions across our entire inventory be our simple online application with no impact to credit scores. This also allows consumers to quickly and easily secure financing at any point in their shopping journey. Like the rest of the business, CAF is also focused on driving efficiencies. We are already seeing benefits from the modern, more nimble receivable servicing system that we launched a year ago. Consumer finance is a highly regulated and everchanging space. And our new system allows us to adapt more easily to these necessary changes. A recent example is California's upcoming regulatory change that requires added disclosure and refund requirements related to the cancellation of the GAP waiver product. With our old system, the implementation would have been lengthy and onerous, and we likely would have temporarily suspended the product in the state while we made the changes. However, with our new more agile technology, we are able to incorporate these requirements without interrupting. This is just one example of our early wins resulting from our new system, and we have a clear line of sight to many more in the near and midterm. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jon, and thank you, Enrique. As I mentioned at the start of today's call, we're taking steps to support our business by prioritizing projects that unlock operating efficiencies and create better experiences for our associates and customers. It starts with making our omni-channel experience faster, simpler and more seamless. Some examples include, we're enhancing online features to help customers feel more confident in completing key transaction steps on their own and make it easier to go back and forth between assisted help and self-progression. We're also making it simple for consumers to opt into express pickup through self-progression. This delivery option offers customers the ability to complete their transaction at one of our stores in as little as 30 minutes and represents a win-win opportunity. Our research shows that customers love this experience when utilized and it will enable us to lower our costs over time. Our final example is that we are working to seamlessly integrate our finance base shopping product into our stores and customer experience centers so that all consumers can enjoy this experience, not just those who shop online. At the same time, we are adding additional lenders to the platform to expand the breadth and depth of offers available to our customers. As we evolve our omni-channel experience, we are also updating our operating models to drive efficiency gains in our stores. For example, in our business offices, we have launched self-check-in capabilities for appraisal customers and have also enhanced e-sign functionality to better enable self-progression. Additionally, we are testing an improved digital customer queue to better manage appointments, as well as new software to improve title speed and visibility. We anticipate these tools will enable us to reduce associate time spent per customer and shorten customer transaction times. Our associates are key to providing an exceptional customer experience and we are focused on leveraging their skills in the most value-added manner. We will also continue to selectively invest in key projects that have the potential to deliver new capabilities while lowering our costs. Examples include first, we're updating Max offer our appraisal product for dealers, which is available in approximately 50 markets. Many of our dealers are still on the initial version, which does not provide instant offers and requires them to take and send us vehicle pictures. We are rolling out a new product which offers a fully digital instant offer experience to all dealers. We believe this will well position us to grow our dealer, dealer buys more efficiently and support higher volume over time. Second, we are leveraging technology to enhance our logistics capability. We move approximately 2 million vehicles each year. We estimate that our internal logistics operation drives about a 20% cost advantage over third-party providers and improves our speed, predictability and control of moves. Enhancements to our transportation management system will enable us to consolidate loads, increase our mix of full loads and reduce the truck volume in and out of our stores. This will support our ability to keep our costs low as we complete moves even faster and more efficiently. Third, we're continuing to upgrade our auction experience. During the third quarter, we scaled our modernized vehicle detail page to 50% of dealers. This page is mobile friendly provides more relevant data to our dealers, and improved search and filter functionality. It is also the springboard that we will use to launch capabilities we believe will further enhance our wholesale business, including AI enhanced condition reports and proxy bidding. We are confident that our focus initiatives will drive efficiencies and grow our business over the long-term. In closing, we have spent almost 30 years building a diversified business that can profitably navigate the ups and downs of the used car industry. We have a strong balance sheet and access to capital. Our experience in inventory and margin management is a strength and we will continue to be thoughtful and manage our expenses pulling levers as necessary. While we're not able to predict how long the industry will remain challenged, we believe the pressures are transitory and that we are well positioned to manage through them and emerge an even stronger company. I want to thank our associates for everything that they're doing to support each other, our customers and our business, our foundation remains strong, and we're excited about the future of our diversified business model. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Ashley?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: So I guess the question I have just with regard to sales. And maybe Bill, if you could discuss a bit more just this trend of sales through the quarters, we understand better, how the business is performing here. And then also, you mentioned in your comments that you saw market share declines, if you will, I guess later in the period. It sounds like that was a result of others taking more aggressive actions on price. You can elaborate further there. Who's doing what, what cohort of your competition is doing that? And how long should it -- how long would you expect that dynamic to persist? And then, I guess a follow up to that, as you look at your business and CarMax has historically been very, very good at managing inventories. But you're starting to see now others take more aggressive action on price, and you've held the wider margin. Could there be percolating issues within your inventory?
Bill Nash: All right. There's a lot in there, Brian. So let me start with sales during the quarter. The last time we spoke, it was middle of September, latter part of September, we talked about sales being down in the mid-teens, it actually got a little softer by the end of September and it continued. We continue to see even more softness in October and November. I'll save you from having to get back into the queue because I'm sure your next question is, well, how's December panning out? December is actually running about where the quarter -- the third quarter ran on average. So it's a little bit better than November. But I would just remind you that we're also going to be -- we're comping over a little bit of easier performance, obviously, than we were from the third quarter that we will be doing in the fourth quarter. As far as market share, giving you some detail on market share declines. Year-to-date, like you said, we've still got -- we still have gains in share. We did see declines most recently in September and October, which is the latest title data that we have. But this speaks to -- I always hesitate talking about market share on the short-term basis because sometimes there are some temporary pressures. And we saw competitors lowering prices and margins to move inventory, which I'll be honest, it's not surprising. I mean, we saw a very similar play back in '08, '09 recession. It's also the reason that we did much more expansive pricing elasticity testing. And through those tests, we're confident that even though we would have sold more cars if we had lowered the prices, we actually would have made -- we made less money. And as I said in my opening remarks, and what I've always says we're always, what we're going after is profitable on a long-term market share gains, and I think we've got a great track record on that. I think your other question was just who's getting that look. This is a highly dispersed business lots and lots of players out there. I can't point to any of them. I just know that widespread pressures of folks trying to move their inventory and get rid of it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rajat Gupta: Maybe, first thing just on retail GPU, obviously, very well managed, again, this quarter. You talked about the fact that you're not discounting as much as some of your competitors. But at some point, you have to move the inventory that you have, it seems like it's aging -- and it's getting older on the lot. So like what gives ultimately, I mean, what do you have to consider the discounting at some point to move that inventory out the door, if not this quarter, maybe the next quarter? So how do you manage that transition? And how should we think about implications to retail GPU maybe in the next quarter or two through that pricing position? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Bill Nash: So, Rajat great question. This is where I think we really shine when it comes to inventory management, I'm really pleased. If you notice, I talked about how much our total inventory has gone down, but we were able to maintain saleable units. And that's because the team did a phenomenal job, really cleaning up stuff that we had, whether we’re waiting on parts, missing titles, we really worked hard to clean up a lot. So to your point, the aging inventory, it's one of the reasons why you didn't see more movement in our ASPs. Our average selling price is given the depreciation, the team did a phenomenal job working through that getting it out there. And then with our sophisticated price testing, we just realized, look, there's no sense and given this away. And so again, we feel like we put ourselves in really good position going forward. And I think what you'll see going forward is, your retail average selling prices are going to come down a lot more than what you've seen up to this point. So we feel good about retail GPU. Obviously, we will continue to test the elasticity as we go forward. But if elasticity holds, I think you'll see us continue to have robust retail GPUs.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. And maybe like, the other gross profit line, if I look at the volume that you did three years ago, very similar to the volumes that you have today, really slightly lower today. And that other gross profit was $94 million and now $59 million, despite your third-party financing fee is actually better. So why is that like down almost 50% on a similar level of volume? I mean, is there any opportunity to reduce the cost there. And I know, you mentioned that you want to retain the technicians, but how long are we going to see this kind of run rate before it can recouple to what you had in the past? And thanks for taking the question.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, specifically with the other margin, what you really need to do is look within the service business, and this quarter a couple of things. Number one was just with sales volumes being where they were down 20% year-over-year, that places a fair bit of deleverage pressure on the service business. That's number one. But number two, have almost equal importance this quarter, about $15 million year-over-year was our decision, the correct decision is to hold on to technicians. It's a very difficult position to staff, it is that most important that we retain, and we recruit the technicians because when we come out of this cycle, we want to be in a position where we can actually ramp up our inventory quickly, faster than our competitors. But that being said, it is an investment that flows through that service line. And again, this quarter was roughly $15 million given the current sales levels, but it's absolutely the right decision for the medium-term and definitely for the longer-term. That was the biggest pressure this quarter, Rajat.
Bill Nash: Yes. Rajat, the only thing I would add is, obviously, you're comparing it to a few years ago, we have a lot more production capacity now, because we have more technicians, we have more space. So that's feeding into it as well.
Rajat Gupta: Sorry, just a follow-up. What's your view on the cycle recovery? I mean, like, are you anticipating things like rebound at some point next year? Or I mean, what kind of conviction do you have on that like, just so that you might have to take some of these kind of actions, more aggressively? Just curious on the thought process there.
Bill Nash: Yes. Look Rajat, your guess as far as what's going to happen next year as good as mine. I think what we're trying to do is put ourselves in a position that regardless of what happens in the upcoming quarters, will flex up or if we need to pull additional levers will pull additional levers. So we're just trying to give ourselves flexibility at this point.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I mean, we are laser focused on what we can control. And that's what we're taking actions on. And so you can take a look at our SG&A and how we've bent the curve there. You can take a look at service, yes, it's up. But again, there's -- the reason it's up is, that we're investing in our technicians, because we know that we're going to get through this cycle. And when we emerge from that, we want to be in a really strong position to reduce cars quickly.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Healy with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
John Healy: Just wanted to ask for a little bit more color on the SG&A cadence. I appreciate the comp cadence, but I was just wondering if you could help us think about the actions you took in Q3. And maybe the run rates and really, I don't know if we can think about an SG&A to gross kind of level for the next couple of quarters, or just help us understand kind of, what might be reasonable for you guys, just because there's been a lot of growth SG&A. And now it sounds like you're calibrating that. So anything you could provide there would be helpful?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, great. Thank you, John. Yes, like I said, in my prepared remarks, we have significantly bent the curve on our SG&A go back to the first half of the year as a whole, it was up 16% to 17% year-over-year. We've bend that down to 3%, year-over-year growth this quarter. But again, when you back out the $23 million settlement that we received last year in the third quarter, you're really looking at a slight decrease in overall SG&A. So pretty material change in the curve. We would expect that to carry forward into the fourth quarter and into next year. And why is that? It's because it's the actions we've been talking about, right. And that's really kind of two groups of actions. Number one is on the more variable perspective, we've been lowering our headcount, lowering our staffing, from an attrition basis in our stores. So that actually takes a little bit more time, right, because you're managing it through attrition, but we believe it's the right thing to do from a culture standpoint. And that has been bleeding down really, since the second quarter, when we started talking about it, we expect that'll carry forward to the fourth quarter and into next year. The second piece is really taking a look at our fixed costs and actively managing there as well. So I've talked about looking at our uses of -- our usage of contractors in the corporate home office, we've pulled back there, right. And we've also essentially paused our hiring in the corporate office. We are still hiring backfills and key positions that we have as well, kind of strategic positions as well, by materially, so we've kind of paused our corporate overhead hiring as well. So we've taken strong actions, we believe they're appropriate actions for the marketplace that we're operating in. If we need to take further actions, we would do that as well, if required, but we believe we're strongly positioned right now. And to answer your question about like the cadence, I would expect the fourth quarter to look similar to the third quarter once you back out the settlement from last year.
John Healy: And when you say relatively similar to the Q3, would that be in terms of dollars, or would that be in terms of SG&A to gross?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. So it's more of a year-over-year SG&A and how that's moving, it's not to grow? So I think the challenge, John with the leverage ratio, the SG&A to gross profit is we can control SG&A. And I believe we've been doing that effectively. The challenge is the gross profit number. So depending on where that gross profit number ends up and sharp movements, quarter-to-quarter make it really difficult to manage that leverage ratio. So in terms of, as I mentioned earlier, we'll control what we can control. And that's what we're focused on. We're focused on that SG&A line. So I would -- my comments are specifically about SG&A growth year-over-year and the quarter.
John Healy: Perfect, thank you. And just one follow up question just about the gross profit per unit levels. I feel like you've kind of already answered this, but just want to ask it maybe in a different way. Hypothetically, if ASPs fall another 5% to 10% over the next couple of quarters either given market conditions or just changing of mix? Are you guys still confident that the $2200 GPU level is achievable? And even in that scenario, so I just wanted to ask that more directly.
Bill Nash: Yes. Look, I think we feel very comfortable where we're running the retail GPUs. We'll continue to monitor the test. But look, I expect ASPs to continue to fall, which I think overall for the industry is a good thing to help drop some gap between new and late model use. So we feel comfortable with where our GPUs are and will continue to test.
John Healy: Appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: We will take our next question from Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: I want to follow up on John's question on expenses. Enrique, can you just provide some more color around really what the biggest inflationary drivers are in that other overhead costs fine? I think you pulled back, you said on some of the labor end of the season, and it's still up, $40 million year-over-year. So is any of that one-time increase? And then just taking a step back on expenses, I think even last quarter, we talked about, one of the reasons that you don't want to reduce headcount too quickly, is the need to hire back. And that gets harder next year. But now it sounds like we're expecting a softer backdrop for the next 12 plus months. So I guess why not reduce expenses or headcount more quickly across other parts of the enterprise? Thanks.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. And what I'd say there is that, we did, and so as sales got more challenged in the third quarter, we went deeper into the staffing levels in the field. And so, it's still through attrition. So it does take a little bit longer. But at the same time, we did lower our staffing targets to reflect the current sales environments, I tell you, we did go deeper into managing those expenses. And in regards to your first question, I think you're asking about the other expense line, and what goes in there, because it was a 41% increase, if you just look at the release, right? That is primarily because we're comping over the $23 million settlement that we had last year, if you back that out, you're looking at less than half of that as an increase. And what that really is attributed to is our investments in technology and product, right. And that's what that's attributed to. What I will tell you, though, as well, if you compare it to prior quarters, there is a reduction in the pace of that investment from a year-over-year standpoint. And so we've been pulling back there as well. You also see that manifested in our CapEx guidance for this year. We've taken that down from 500 to 450, the largest chunk of that decrease, really comes from a slowing down some of those projects, in addition to just slowing down some of the capacity initiatives that we have out there in terms of growing our capacity with lower volume, we're just slowing down some of those investments.
Bill Nash: And Daniel the only thing I would add there is, look, our culture is one that's a people first mindset, our people are the reason for our success. And that's the reason we chosen to allow attrition to get us to where we need to be. We will obviously continue to monitor the situation, but we're very comfortable with allowing attrition to get us to where we need to be.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. I'll stick with one question. And I'll hop back in the queue for follow up. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Murphy with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Murphy: I just wanted to focus, sort of on the supply side here just for a second. I mean, when you think about the one- to six-year-old car fleet that's going to continue to probably shrink for the next couple of years. Competition is more focused on the [indiscernible], as you mentioned in the dealer. So it seems like the available one- to six-year-old car fleet is -- it's why is going to continue to shrink. But certainly what's available to you and other folks in the secondary market. But you've kind of mentioned going lower in the agent price spectrum, to drive volume. And you've shown an ability to kind of manage that fairly well. So I'm just curious, how fast you can move on that to potentially drive volume back up here, lower price points, but higher grosses, and maybe better returns, just on the capital employed.
Bill Nash: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. It's interesting, because we're kind of living a very similar life to what we did after the '08, '09 recession, you remember where you come out of that you have less newer cars, and it kind of has to work its way through. I tell you, we're in a better position today than we were back there just because our self-sufficiency is so high. And we'll be able to sell what consumers are looking for. And we're going to be able to get that really, in a better way than we could after 08, 09 because our self-sufficiency is so high. In my opening comments, one of the reasons our buyers were down so far, obviously, depreciation was the biggest lever, but there's also we made some decision just to slow down buys. And so there were retail cars that we purposely did not buy because of the risk of those cars in a highly depreciating type of market. So, again, I'm very comfortable with where we are and I think we're better positioned than we were in 08, 09. And I think we did a phenomenal job in 08 and 09 navigating that period.
John Murphy: But maybe a follow-up, Bill, I mean, how fast can you move on this to drive comps positive? I mean, we understand that kind of the headwinds in sort of what was traditionally your core. I mean, it is obvious, you know it. I mean, you're going after it. I mean, when do you kind of just push and just increase, maybe materially the penetration of these older vehicles to drive the volumes higher? Because, I mean, the one thing that, it's very admirable is that the variable, GPU or the focus on GPUs, which is a variable cost analysis, but you do have these fixed costs that are high, particularly as Enrique was talking about these technicians. So you got to cover these costs at some point not, I mean when can you do this? I mean, something you are stating to do and but you're not doing it?
Bill Nash: Well, when you talk about penetration of older vehicles, but the penetration and how much we put out there is driven by the consumer demand, and not everybody wants an older, higher mileage type of vehicle that's less expensive. So again, that's all driven by demand. And as we see consumers continue to demand that will continue to put that out. But again, not everybody's -- not everyone's looking for that.
John Murphy: Okay. So I mean, it's really a supply, I mean, it's getting to the supply of the core product more than being able to push older.
Bill Nash: Well, I think it's just more -- it's a bigger issue. It's just -- you have to go back to a vehicle affordability. It's just keeping a lot of people on the sidelines right now. And it's not only vehicle affordability, that's the lion's share. But you also have rising interest rates. If I look at CAF payments, just Tier-1 payment, just as an example. So the monthly payment, which is the biggest factor on whether someone's going to decide to buy a car or not, it's up 150 bucks year-over-year with the majority of that being driven by the vehicle price, with a smaller piece being driven by the interest rates. And I think you've got that which is obviously keeping people on the sidelines, not to mention just the overall inflationary pressures. And I think what we're trying to do is make sure that we've got the right amount of inventory, the right mix of inventory out there to meet the consumer demand and be very thoughtful about, our margins in order to cover the costs in the way that we're taking people first mindset on how we approach the business.
John Murphy: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Just to clarify for this sales environment where comps continuing to trend down 20%, you still expect SG&A to be flat to up year-over-year in the fourth quarter and going forward?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: No, I mentioned that you need to back out the $23 million we got last year in the third quarter. And so we would expect to be down year-over-year in the fourth quarter. It gets a little bit tricky Seth is like quarter-to-quarter things can happen. But our expectation is that we would be down year-over-year in the fourth quarter.
Seth Basham: Okay. And again, how much down and when you think about the 20% decline persisting when you decide to get more aggressive on SG&A?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Well, we're not going to provide guidance on how much down in the fourth quarter because again, there's some variability quarter-to-quarter, but what I tell you is our expectation is that it will be down year-over-year. And if you look at the kind of the trend that we've been managing to -- I think we've been focused on SG&A. And we've been pulling the right levers so far. Now, if business doesn't pick up and deteriorates, we have other levers we can pull, right. But for the time being, we believe we pulled the right levers, and we'll continue to manage the business prudently as we always do.
Seth Basham: Got it. And my follow up question is just on the wholesale business, the wholesale to retail ratio in terms of units sold, declined sharply to 66% this quarter, would you consider this the new normal?
Bill Nash: No, I consider this what you would see in a highly depreciating market. When prices are going down a lot like they have been. And consumers have been told for the last year that this is the best time to sell their car, they can get more than they could ever gotten before. There's a disconnect there. And so as prices come down, it always drives our buy rate down. The other thing I would just add to that is that we stepped back, our appraisal advertising just given the volatility of the market. So no, I don't consider this the new norm.
Seth Basham: Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Following up on the SG&A question. I guess is there a way to contextualize how much you've taken out year-to-date of SG&A. And what that run rate is now in the fourth quarter because I'm assuming that those initiatives continued in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I think the better way to think about it Sharon, or the best way to think about it is just the cadence, the year-over-year cadence that we've had, because there's always seasonality that occurs right quarter-to-quarter in our business, and that also impacts SG&A. But if you again, if you go back to the first half of the year, Q1, we grew SG&A 19% up year-over-year in the first quarter. In the second quarter, it was up 16% year-over-year. This quarter, if you back out the legal settlement that we got last year, we're down 1%. So that's a significant decrease in the pace of SG&A. And so we are focused on it, we are managing to the current environment. And we think we're doing so appropriately. Now, if the business continues to be challenged, there's other things we can do. But for the time being, we've taken some pretty material steps to manage our SG&A.
Sharon Zackfia: Yes. I think part of the confusion is, it sounds as if you're expecting SG&A to be down. Similarly, like down 1% in the fiscal fourth quarter year-over-year, but it also sounds as if you're continuing to proactively manage SG&A. And I think a lot of us are trying to reconcile that in our heads as to why we wouldn't see SG&A down a bit more year-over-year than what you saw in the third quarter, if that makes sense.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: We expect to continue to see SG&A kind of to go down. I think coming into individual quarter, it gets a little bit challenging to give you a number that we're managing too, many things can happen on a quarter. But what I tell you is thematically and practically we expect to continue to manage our SG&A down from a year-over-year basis.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Maybe separately? I mean, how should we think about SG&A on a full year basis for next year? So you've got a lot of moving parts, you kind of have to keep your muscle intact for a potential rebound. But at the same time, you're dealing with a very difficult macro climate. So as we think about next year, particularly with the curtailment in the opening, I mean how are you viewing SG&A dollar growth?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. The way we're looking at SG&A is, we've given guidance in the past, like, hey, we need 5% to 8% gross profit go to lever, I think in this kind of environment, right? In this kind of macro backdrop, that kind of guidance is less important than what I'm about to say. So we are actually managing, and our goal is to get to kind of the mid 7%, 8% SG&A to gross profit, right, that is our first step on the way to improving our SG&A. Now we're going to need gross profit growth there, right. But that is our first step. Over time, we have talked about having an operating model that's more efficient than what it used to be. And we still expect that that's going to be over time, though, how many transformations and you can take a look at other retailers that have gone through it, it takes time to get to a better and more efficient operating model. But we expect to get back to where we used to be, it's just going to take time. Our first step is to get to kind of the mid 7%, 8% SG&A to gross profit, right. But again, we're going to need gross profit support to get there. In the meantime, we're going to continue to manage our SG&A appropriately for the market. And that's what we do. And you can see that's exactly what we did in the third quarter. We expect to carry that forward into the fourth quarter and into next year.
Bill Nash: And I think Sharon, we will also have a lot more visibility after the fourth quarter to really be able to tell you more depending on how the business does between now and then.
Sharon Zackfia: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: And I'll try to hit the SG&A topic in a different way. But there's been a change in the competitive landscape. And I think it's been to your favor. And I'm wondering if philosophically, you could make a change in how aggressive you are with respect to SG&A given that, winning in this market may not be a sprint anymore, but might truly be a marathon and allow you to throttle back more aggressively than -- just low single digit percentage cuts.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, Craig. I think it about a little bit differently. I think similar to you, but we have competitors that are, obviously struggling. I don't think now is the time where, given our financial strength where we should be pulling back a whole bunch on SG&A. We have pulled considerably back. But at the same time, as I talked in my opening remarks, we also want to make sure that we're continuing to build for the future. And I think what everybody needs to remember is, we don't operate this business on a quarter-to-quarter basis, we operate the business for the success over the long-term. And there are some things that we're spending on that will absolutely help us longer term. Does it give us a headwind for EPS right now? Absolutely. But is it the right decision for the company long-term? Absolutely. So again, I think, really, my thoughts are on your questions, we're going to continue to walk this fine line. We want to continue to build out the muscle. We want to continue to find near term efficiencies, which we will do. And we'll continue to manage the business with a long-term view versus just a quarter-to-quarter view.
Craig Kennison: And maybe just to follow up, I mean, obviously, the stocks under significant pressure, and it feels like you have the long term philosophy, but not enough shareholders are on board with it, is there something you can do to improve the messaging, or the guidance provided to maybe reduce the amount of surprise with which your results are met?
Bill Nash: I think the surprise is coming from macro factors to Enrique's point that we really, those are things that you can't control. And so what you need to focus on is what you can control and obviously, I think our long-term messaging is still more intact than ever. Yes, we've got some pain here in the short-term. But guess what we've seen pain before in the short-term. We've seen, if you look at market share, for example, which is a proxy for how I think success is going, if you look at market share, we've historically we've gained market shares. I mean, even in the time we are at 08, 09, we lost a little market share in the near-term, but then we quickly got it back. And then some more. Even if you look in the last few years, when you look back at like FY 20, when we started really rolling out our online capabilities, we saw a step up in market share gains. Unfortunately, we went into COVID, we gave a little bit back, but the following year, we got that back plus more. Now we're in a recessionary period. So again, I think everybody just needs to kind of keep a perspective of what we're going after long term. And yes, the short-term can be a little noisy, but the long-term message is still intact.
Craig Kennison: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Montani with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani: Just wanted to ask a little bit more on the credit side for John, if you could give us some incremental color you had mentioned 2 to 2.5 is kind of normal for Tier-1. So what were the equivalent kind of loss ratio expectations be for Tier-2 and Tier-3? And then by way of follow up would be, can you give some incremental color around delinquency trends and roll rates, if possible, at all, by tier would be very helpful?
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes. Right on. Thanks for the question. The 2% to 2.5% is, again, our targeted range. I think we've done a great job staying within there. We've been in the Tier-3 business for since 2014, I think we've historically quoted, it's basically, you know, 1% of our receivables initially, it's now 2%. And obviously, substantially higher loss rates, I think we've put it's often 10% of our losses when it was 1%. So you're seeing maybe a 10x, 10-fold loss rate difference there in the Tier-3. Tier-2 is somewhere in between depends on where we choose to play there, there's obviously a wide spectrum. So hopefully, that gives us some color on how to expect losses, provisioning, whatever, around the different buckets, overall macro factors and delinquencies and losses, impacting our portfolio. I think it’s very clear delinquencies are on the rise in the industry, there's no doubt, you can see that within our ABS deals, we've mentioned that historically, there's certainly think pressure in the consumer. I think we've done a really, really strong job at working with that consumer. And while they might go 30, 35 days past due, helping them find solutions, such that it doesn't go into a charge off status. So we continue to fight that good fight and work with our consumers. As Bill mentioned, obviously, monthly payments are up, I think we've done a nice job of being responsible in our lending to our consumers and helping them through it. And ultimately, we reserve accordingly expecting all of this. So I think we're in a good position from a reserve standpoint, we'll watch the credit environment and the consumer very carefully. And hopefully that answers your questions.
Michael Montani: And maybe can you just contrast a little bit the current delinquency experience, you're seeing vis-à-vis, what was happening in 07 and 08?
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, I think what you're seeing historically is, I would say, 07 and 08, you absolutely saw an impact across the entire credit spectrum substantially. I think what we've identified is, we're seeing a little more pressure on maybe the lower credit consumer, the Tier-3 into the Tier-2, maybe even a lower side of our Tier-1 space. So I see that definitely different. And again, I think that we're seeing delinquency pressure that that hint of a challenge for the consumer, but it really is not manifesting itself into loss. Again, we're going to watch it carefully. And we'll see what happens. But you absolutely saw more of an impact across the credit spectrum and into the loss side in 08, 09. And again, I think that's a very different environment. We can all agree with that, the labor pressure is back then versus now income for the worker. So we'll see where it translates. But I think those are the fundamental differences we've seen.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go take our next question from Chris Bottiglieri with BNP. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: I want to talk about your path to your target SG&A gross. It sounds like it's gross profit dependent on some level, but some of the gross profit levels like service and use volumes that are out of your control. I think it's probably fair to say the wholesalers took a pretty big step down this quarter. But you've driven significant improvement there. So I guess my point is like, where do you see the gross profit coming from? Is there any reason I think that wholesale could read on evidently.
Bill Nash: I think to Enrique's point earlier, it is a two-piece equation. We're controlling the expense side, the gross profit, we're going to need the business to come back. We're going to need it to come back. So, I think wholesale gross profit. Obviously, we made some good improvements there retail. Actually, wholesale and retail GPUs I think are both strong. Now it's about getting some of the volume back. I think, wholesale, I'm hopeful we can grow that a little bit more. Like I said, we did some things this quarter that probably slowed that down a little bit. But I think that's where it's going to be. It'd be dependent that's going to -- that'll carry some weight.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay, Then, question on CAF quickly, the penetration jumped a ton, despite like a pretty large rate hike. And imagine like you've been more in terms of quicker to raise rates. And Bring Your Own Financing jumped a bit, too, as well. And Tier-2 and Tier-3 declined. You're also adding new partners onto the Tier-2, Tier-3 network, if I heard that correctly. So you can talk about you're seeing there an aggregate or the Tier-2 and Tier-3 tightening credit at the margin. Does your new instant appraisal tool that you've added? It sounds like it includes the partners more. Will that help drive penetration of Tier-2, 3. Just any thoughts there would be helpful?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Let me take them sequentially here. So just remark one overall penetration, yes, we mentioned in the prepared remarks, CAF penetration is up -- in tandem with actually us raising rates, I think that's something we're really pleased about. We know that generally, you're going to lag the market. Again, we're competing with credit unions at the higher end. But I think we've done a fantastic job at raising rates 40 basis points sequentially, 150 basis points year-over-year, and still captured that penetration. So we're pleased with that. You see, the Tier-2 penetration down from last year. And that's your three penetration down. I think that's a combination of two things. You absolutely see the consumer challenge there, as Bill mentioned. You still see an affordability issue there. But yes, absolutely. As we mentioned, lenders are being very -- what they need to do to operate independently and pull back where they need to. And I think there's the benefit of our platform, you've got a number of lenders, they're going to work together to figure out what's best for them, but collectively provides a good credit offer in the long run. So I think that's you definitely see pullback there. Chris, last part of your question, I think you mentioned -- not instant appraisal tool, but our pre-quarter tool. Just to clarify there. We mentioned that we're continuing to add lenders on to that tool. Again, we think it's a best-in-class tool, it requires a lot of nimbleness from our lenders, they're all coming on board. Are we seeing engagement there? Yes. I don't know that that's necessarily driving a ton into the penetration story, albeit that tool does bring a better credit quality consumer to the application process. But so does that answer your questions? What else have I missed?
Chris Bottiglieri: Nothing. You got my laundry list. And thanks for correcting my misspoken. Yes, that's why that was the insert. Sorry, I said began the financing penetration tool. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Pierce with Needham. Please go ahead.
Chris Pierce: I just wanted to kind of get some color around. You talked about competitors acting aggressively to preference units versus price where you guys’ kind of do the opposite. Is that positive because it means the industry is moving back to normal, but or is it a short-term negative because they're going to have fresher inventory that's going to lower your unit numbers and just kind of want to know how to think about that and how that's kind of trended in the past. You've talked about seeing this before?
Bill Nash: Yes, Chris. I think what you're saying is, there's competitors out there that just aren't -- weren't moving any inventory and depreciation has been very steep. And so what they're doing is they're trying to move some of that inventory. We've seen this in the past, in a lot of cases, it's not sustainable over the long-term, because you're just not making the money that you need to, but you're trying to get units moved. It's again, the reason why we did the expensive price. That's we wanted to see what the elasticity. And we did prices both up and down. So we did prices down, we also did price tests up just to kind of better understand it, which again, just gives us confidence that we made the right decision from a profitability standpoint.
Chris Pierce: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our final question from David Whiston with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
David Whiston: It looks like you had a really great free cash flow generation quarter from an inventory reduction. And I'm just curious, I guess, wanting you, how much longer can you reduce your inventory to get that free cash flow benefit yet still have adequate vehicle inventory to sell? And then, you paid off the revolver with some of that free cash flow? Do you also want to pay off that June 24 term loan to get some more balance sheet health, would you rather have that cash on hand?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I think in this kind of environment, I think having some cash on hand isn't a bad thing. And we absolutely used the really effective management of inventory like Bill talked about. We decreased overall inventory year-over-year, but we actually increased our sellable inventory. So that's some impressive work by the teams to work through our WIP. And so that was really good news. We used that cash basically to, as you mentioned, to pay down the revolver, this quarter take it down to zero, that would be of no tap on our revolver. And at the same time, sit on some cash, I just think, David in this kind of environment, it's not a bad thing to have some cash as well. So it gives us ultimately the flexibility to manage through this kind of environment. And, we have a really strong balance sheet. We're proud of it. And we have flexibility that others don't have in the industry. And I think that puts us in a position of strength.
David Whiston: And somewhat related, the buyback pause. I do understand wanting to be prudent. But should we interpret this to mean you guys are less optimistic about maybe the short to mid-term than you were three months ago?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Well, it's important that we run a conservative balance sheet in this kind of environment. And as I mentioned, in my prepared remarks, we do look at our net leverage ratios in terms of something to manage to carefully to make sure we have ultimate flexibility when it comes to having funds and managing CAF. We do have a very large cap to finance organization. And that's just a key consideration that goes into it. So I think until the business kind of improves, and just as importantly, the macro backdrop improves, I expect that we will pause the share buyback. That being said, we remain fully committed to the share repurchase program, and we'll get back into it at the appropriate time when things improve, and the outlook improves.
Bill Nash: Yes, David, that's about our views have changed on, things are going to get worse. It's just more about the uncertainty.
David Whiston: Yes, I hear you. Hopefully, it's not too long of a pause. I think your stock is very attractive here.
Operator: Thank you. We don't have any further questions at this time. I'll hand the call back over to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Ashley. Well, listen, thanks, everyone for joining the call today and for your questions. As I said multiple times today, we believe we're well positioned to navigate this environment and I do think, we will emerge an even stronger company. I want to thank again, our associates for everything they're doing in their commitment to each other and the customer and the communities and the environment. And I want to wish you all a happy holiday season and we look forward to talking again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes third quarter fiscal year 2023 CarMax earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-09-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CarMax Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lowenstein. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, [Samira] [Ph]. Good morning, and thank you everyone for joining our fiscal 2023 second quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance Operations. Let me remind you, our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations, and assumptions, and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K, filed with the SEC, this morning, and our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021, previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422 extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great, thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Before I get started, I want to share that my thoughts are with our associates, their families, and communities that are being impacted by Hurricane Ian. We have a significant number of stores in the storm's path. And as always, the safety of our associates is our top priority. We've taken steps to support our associates and our communities, and we will continue to monitor the situation and take actions to provide assistance as needed. Now to our results, this quarter reflects wide-spread pressure the used car industry is facing. Macro factors, including vehicle affordability that stems from persistent and broad inflation, climbing interest rates, and low consumer confidence, all led to a market-wide decline in used auto sales. In addition, wholesale values were affected by steep depreciation in the quarter. Despite the impact of these factors on our results, we continued to grow market share. We also continue to make progress on the key initiatives that will further strengthen our competitive differentiation over time. We have weathered a number of difficult cycles in our history. And, each time, we have successfully managed through them, and have leveraged key learnings to further strengthen our operating model. We remain on track to achieve our long-term strategy and goals. For the second quarter of FY'23, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $8.1 billion , up 2% compared with last year's second quarter, driven by growth in average selling prices, partially offset by lower retail and wholesale volume. In our retail business, total unit sales in the second quarter declined 6.4%, and used unit comps were down 8.3% versus the second quarter last year. Our performance was impacted by the macro factors that I mentioned previously. We believe the industry sales were also impacted by shift in consumer spending prioritization from large purchases to smaller discretionary items. In response to the current environment and consumer demand, we have continued to offer a higher mix of lower-priced vehicles. We began the second quarter with a low single-digit decline in comp sales, during the June, that reflected the continuation of softer, although improving sales, which we discussed on our last earnings call. Comps then fell sharply at the beginning of July, with August ending in mid-teen decline. Last quarter, we reported market share data. We will do that again this quarter as the data provides additional context and highlights our performance relative to the industry. Based on external data, we continue to gain share through July, to latest period for which title data is available. We reported second quarter retail gross profit per used unit of $22.82, up $97 per unit versus the prior-year period, a reflection of our ability to manage used margin in any environment. We continue to focus on striking the right balance between covering cost increases, managing margin, and passing along efficiencies to consumers to support vehicle affordability. Wholesale unit sales were down 15.1% versus the second quarter last year, partially as a result of our deliberate decision to reallocate some older vehicles from wholesale to retail to meet consumer demand for lower-priced vehicles. We estimate that without this shift, our wholesale units would have been down less than 10%. Performance was also impacted by depreciation of about $2,500 and as -- and as we intentionally [slowed-bys] [Ph] in reaction to rapidly-changing market conditions. Wholesale gross profit per unit was $881, down from $1,005 a year ago, and reflected softening market conditions as well as their decision to retail a higher mix of older used vehicles. Our ability to source these vehicles from consumers is a competitive advantage. But relative to younger vehicles, more of them fall out during the reconditioning process as they are not able to meet our standards for consumer sales. When that happens, we wholesale those vehicles, often at lower-than-normal margins. In the third quarter, we have been focused on aligning our offers to current conditions and adjusted inventory to more efficiently incorporate older vehicles. [Fine] [Ph] vehicles at appropriate prices for market conditions is one of our core competencies. We bought approximately 343,000 vehicles from consumers and dealers during the second quarter. While down 8% versus last year's period, this was up approximately 50% from the second quarter of FY'21, and reflects customers' responsiveness to both our nation-wide online instant offer tool and our offers. We purchased approximately 323,000 cars from consumers in the quarter, down 11% versus last year's record results. We also sourced approximately 20,000 vehicles through MaxOffer, our digital appraisal product for dealers. This was up 130% versus last year's period, and up 18% compared to this year's first quarter. Our sales efficiency remained above 70% during the quarter. We remain focused on providing the most customer-centric experience in the industry, with a leading e-commerce platform that integrates buying and selling cars with our best-in-class store experience. In regard to our second quarter online metrics, approximately 11% of retail unit sales were online, up from 9% in the prior year's quarter. Approximately 53% of retail unit sales were omni sales this quarter, down, slightly, from 55% in the prior year's quarter. Our wholesale auctions remain virtual, so, 100% of wholesale sales, which represents 21% total revenue, are considered online transactions. Total revenue resulting from online transactions was approximately 30%. This is up from 28% in last year's second quarter. CarMax Auto Financer Cap delivered income of $183 million, down from $200 million during the same period last year. As a reminder, last year's quarter benefited from a reduced provision coming out of the pandemic. We will continue to provide strong credit offers to our customers as we move rates with the market. Jon will provide more detail in customer financing, the loan loss provision, and cap contributions in a few minutes. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our second quarter financial performance as well as the steps we are taking to further align our expenses to the current sales environment. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.79, down from $1.72 a year ago. Total gross profit was $737 million, down 9.6% from last year's second quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by wholesale vehicle margin of $141 million, which was down 26%. The year-over-year decrease was driven by both lower volume and margin per unit. As Bill noted, we faced sharp depreciation throughout the quarter, and have been adjusting accordingly to better position ourselves to manage through the current environment. Total used vehicle margin was down slightly, at $495 million, a decrease of 2%. Total used unit volume, of negative 6.4%, was largely offset by higher margin per unit. Other gross profit was $102 million, down 15% from last year's second quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by the effect of lower retail unit sales on service. Service results declined $13 million as lower sales and, secondarily, impacts from inflationary pressures drove a deleverage in results. EPP fell by 3% or $3 million, reflecting the combined effects of stronger margins, stable penetration at approximately 60%, and a decline in retail unit sales. Third-party finance fees were flat over last year's second quarter as lower volume in fee-generating Tier 2 were offset by lower Tier 3 volume, for which we pay a fee. On the SG&A front, expenses for the second quarter increased to $666 million. Up 16% from the prior year's quarter reflecting a slowdown from the year-over-year increase during the first quarter. Approximately three points of the increase this quarter reflects a change in an accounting estimate in the prior year quarter. SG&A as a percent of gross profit deleveraged to 90.4% from 70.4% during the second quarter last year. A key contributor of deleverage was a 9.6% decrease in total gross margin dollars compared to last year's quarter. The increase in SG&A dollars over the last year was mainly due to two factors. First, a $50 million increase in other overhead. The primary drivers of this increase include investments to advance our technology platforms, strategic and growth initiatives, a $14 million onetime impact from a prior year change in an accounting estimate related to non-CAF uncollectible receivables, and a variety of other smaller cost headwinds. Second, a $34 million increase in compensation and benefits excluding share-based compensation. Primarily driven by the annualization of the strong growth in staffing we experienced in the back half of last year as well as wage pressures. Partially offsetting this increase was a $4 million decrease in share-based compensation. During our first quarter earnings call, we discussed how we have actively taken steps to better align our staffing expenses in our stores and customer experience centers or CECs to the sales levels we were experiencing at the time. However, as Bill noted, sales declined sharply in the second quarter versus our expectations, starting in July. Accordingly, during the second quarter we pulled additional levers to further align our expenses to our sales levels. We expect these savings will materialize more fully in the coming quarters. This included further reducing staffing through attrition in our stores and CECs, pausing on a portion of the hiring and contractor utilization in our corporate offices as well as better aligning marketing spend to sales. In regard to marketing, our intent is to continue to maintain a strong level investment on a per unit basis that is at least consistent with the full-year FY '22 levels. For the second quarter, total marketing dollars were flat year-over-year but reflected a robust investment on a per unit basis. As part of our omni channel journey, we have reduced the variable cost component of our operating structure. Given the macro-environment, our near-term priority will be on allocating resources towards those initiatives that will further drive efficiency and effectiveness across our fixed cost. At the same time, we will continue to selectively invest in customer facing initiatives that will enhance our omni channel experience and support our long-term growth. From a capital structure perspective, we ended the quarter with an adjusted debt-to-capital ratio in the middle of our targeted range of 38% to 45%. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares from $163 million. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. Once again, the CarMax auto finance business delivered solid results while transitioning from a lending environment that has seen historically low levels of credit loss and extremely favorable funding cost. During the second quarter, CAF's net loans originated was over $2.3 billion. CAF's penetration in the second quarter net of three day payoffs was 41.2% compared with 43% last year and 39.3% in Q1. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 9.4%, which was higher than the 8.5% in last year's second quarter and the 9% seen in Q1. This rate increase combined with the quarter-over-quarter increase in penetration affects CAF's ability to strategically pass along a portion of the added funding cost to consumers while still providing highly competitive offers. Our lending partners continue to complement each other in also providing attractive credit offers. Our Tier 2 penetration rate was consistent with last year, 21.6%. And Tier 3 accounted for 6% of used unit sales compared with 7.2% year ago. Although the lower credit consumer continuous to show demand by actively shopping and applying for credit, they continue to be challenged with affordability and being able to complete the purchase. CAF income for the quarter was $183 million, a decrease of 8.6% or $17 million from the same period last year. Last year, our loan loss provision of $35 million was a significant tailwind as the overall performance of the consumer remained remarkably strong. This quarter's $76 million provision resulted in ending reserve balance of $478 million or 2.92% of managed receivables, up from 2.85% last quarter. The seven basis point adjustment is once again predominantly attributed to the proportionately higher quarterly volume of Tier 2 and Tier 3 loan originations compared to the pre-existing $16 billion portfolio. Of note, as the macroeconomic conditions posed a challenge to the credit consumer, we remain confident in our ability to leverage our vast experience and robust credit platform to ensure our Tier 1 credit losses remain comfortably within our targeted operating range of 2% to 2.5%. As was seen last quarter, our provision headwind was significantly offset by our total interest margin, which grew $31 million year-over-year, our margin of 7.29% was up 11 basis points from last year's second quarter, and it was supported by a $9.4 million benefit from our hedging strategy. Regarding our industry-leading online finance experience, during the quarter, we significantly expanded our pre-qualification product launched in March. As a reminder, this unique multi-lender product results in no impact your credit score, and generates customized real time credit decisions on our full inventory. As of the end of the second quarter, this product was available to over 50% of our consumers, and is expected to go nationwide during the third quarter. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jon. Thank you, Enrique. Given the realities of the macro environment, we will further sharpen our focus on driving additional operational efficiencies as we continue to navigate the near-term pressures facing the used car industry. At the same time, we will remain focused on continuing our work to achieve our long-term goals, including further improving our omni channel experience for both our customers and associates, as well as growing our diversified business model. Some of our key initiatives include first, we're leveraging data science, automation and AI to improve efficiency and effectiveness within our customer experience centers. During the second quarter, we expanded our Associate Facing Guided Action software, from chat to phone calls, and develop additional work streams for our consumer facing digital assistant. Over time, we anticipate these tools will enable us to reduce associate time spent per customer as we enhance our ability to provide live interactions at the highest value moments. Second, as Jon mentioned, we continue to scale our industry leading finance base shopping experience. This best-in-class pre-qualification product leverages a streamlined, simple application and generates multi-lender credit terms on cards within our retail inventory in just minutes. With this tool, customers have all the information they need to quickly understand APRs and monthly payments across different contract terms, and effortlessly compare vehicles to ultimately secure the right financing options for them. Third, we're expanding Max offer to acquire vehicles and build on our market leading position as a buyer of cars. As a reminder, buying directly from consumers and dealers lowers our acquisition costs, enhances our inventory selections, and provides profitable incremental wholesale volume. We're currently live in over 40 markets and anticipate launching additional markets later this year. Finally, we're upgrading our auction experience to be even more user friendly. We're testing a modernized vehicle detail page to be mobile friendly and efficiently display the most relevant information dealers need to preview our wholesale inventory, similar to how customers shop our retail inventory. We're also testing AI capabilities to enhance our online vehicle condition reporting. In addition, we have rolled out self-service checkout capabilities nationwide. These tools will enable us to drive incremental operational efficiencies as we continue to scale our wholesale volume, all while providing an even better experience to our wholesale dealers. As I close, I want to reiterate that while the market conditions and consumer behaviors remain challenging, we believe that these pressures are transitory and that our foundation remains strong. We're well-positioned to navigate this environment as we have during challenging times in the past and remain excited about the future of our diversified business. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Samira?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Okay, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I'm sure there will be several macro questions, but I'd like to ask about your sourcing tool. I'm a little surprised to see an 11% drop in vehicles sourced from consumers. Given the secular momentum you've had with your online instant appraisal tool, can you shed a little more light on the traction you're seeing with that online instant appraisal tool, and whether the slower pace is a function of the slower traffic online or is it a decision to buy more selectively?
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning, Craig, thank you for the question. And, look, I think it goes back to a couple things. First of all, we're really excited about both our online offer tool and the MaxOffer that I talked about earlier. While we did see a decline, the environment, I think the biggest factors of that decline, one, which I already highlighted, was the fact that we're moving -- kind of change the retail selectivity to take in some of those wholesale cars, and putting them over in retail, which if you take that out it would then mean our decline was less than 10%. Depreciation, you know, you've followed us long enough, any time we get into depreciating market, we're lowering our offers. That has an impact on what you ultimately end up buying from consumers. And I would say the third thing, which is smaller than the other two, but we actually -- we slowed some of our buys in certain pockets in certain geographic areas, in certain price points either because we didn't the cars or just because the dynamics of the quickly-changing environment. So, I think those are the three factors that really led to the decline.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, wanted to focus on just the trend in the quarter with the used car unit sales, so, Bill, you talked in your prepared comments about the market slowdown that began in July. So, my question there is, is there anything in -- you know, are macro pressures are very well documented out there, but there is anything you noticed in particular that could explain that slowdown? Did you see some variable [leaks] [Ph] geographically, or your cost of the product spectrum? And then there's a quick follow-up within that question, any comments on how the business is tracking here into Q3, and September, in particular?
Bill Nash: Yes, Brian, it's a great question. If you remember the last call, I talked a little bit about June and how we were feeling good about June because it was doing better than the first quarter. And as I said, we saw a big drop-off in July. And then that softness continued into August, where we ended up in a mid-teen decline for comps. And there's not one single thing that I can point to that we can say, "Oh, because this happened in July is why we saw the drop-off." I mean, there's lots of, I think, pressures out there. I talked about the broad inflationary pressures. Obviously, consumers are having to make decisions; groceries are higher than ever. I think we've seen more interest rates' increases, consumer confidence, certainly during the quarter, all-time low as far as recent history, I mean even lower then the height of the pandemic. So, I just think consumers are prioritizing their spend a little differently. But there's not one single thing that I can point to, like, "Oh, this happened, and that's why we saw the decline." I think it's just the continuation -- kind of the deterioration of the overall consumer. Moving into September, we're seeing the same softness that we saw in August. And I would tell you, even more recently, just given the hurricane, as you can imagine, that's contributing to additional softness as well. Now, the thing with hurricanes or any weather events, you generally will flow -- get that back later on. But as far as September goes, it will absolutely put pressure. We have about -- let's see, 22 stores are currently closed, and have been closed for varying amounts of time.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And we've also seen on the wholesale side and just from a depreciation standpoint, just a continuation of that depreciating environment that we saw in the first quarter as well. So, that has continued into September.
Brian Nagel: Right. Could you ask a follow-up, I'll make it quick, I apologize? But just -- so you're talking about the depreciation in the wholesale. I mean should that lead then to more attractive prices in the used car business and potentially undermine what has been a significant challenge for consumers?
Bill Nash: Yeah, I think you're thinking about it right way, Brain. And, in fact, I believe this is probably the first quarter where the gap between used and new got a little bit wider in, gosh, probably six or seven quarters, you know. So, it'll take some time. But I think depreciation and prices correcting on used will absolutely benefit the used the used market over time. But I think we got to keep in perspective this quarter was challenging. I mean, we haven't seen $2,500 in depreciation; that rivals -- in absolute dollars, that rivals back what we saw at the height of the Great Recession, that rivals what we saw at the peak of omni. So, it's a very unusual thing and it brings challenges. But I think that we've proven, over time, that we've been able to navigate those and that we'll do it better than pretty much anyone.
Brian Nagel: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Sharon Zackfia: So, I've followed the company long enough to see that navigate a lot of different cycles. And congratulations on continuing to gain market share, although I'm sure it's small solace with the comp trends that you're seeing. I guess, historically, you haven't been a company that really has done layoffs materially, if at all. Obviously, you've swallowed, it sounds like, staffing acquisitions and open to hires. But I'm curious, just given the retraction in profitability here -- or you kind of erased, I think, seven years of profit in this quarter. I mean, how do we think about those initiatives, Enrique, that you talked about in terms of slowing SG&A spend, because -- and there's certainly scenarios that I can get to where SG&A spend exceeds gross profit in the back-half of the year, and as we go into kind of the seasonally slower time. So, help us think about kind of how much money you can take out right now, whether that's in SG&A as a percent of gross profit or SG&A dollar growth, just any kind of barometers whether it'd be mark-to-market, where sales are, we have an idea of where that SG&A spend is kind of coming in?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, thanks for the question, Sharon. And our objective is on winning in the long-term. And that really requires that we remain focused on making the right investments to continue to differentiate ourselves from our competitors. So, we have an active and accretive portfolio of omni-related initiatives that we've been investing in that we've been able to do that, in large part because of our strong balance sheet and our performance, but that being said, certainly -- so, with the current macro environment, we have started to pull the levers, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to better align our cost structure to the current environment. And we're also going to be tilting our resources more towards initiatives that drive efficiencies that I talked about, and Bill talked about in our prepared remarks as well. So, be slowing some of the velocity down on our growth-related investments, but certainly not pulling back. So, I think we're doing the right things at the current moment in terms of better managing our costs. We have a strong and active eye on the consumer, and we stand very experienced in managing through these cycles. But we also want to make sure that when the industry picks back up, that we're in a really strong position to capture the upside. So, I think in terms of the balance of the year and how to look at SG&A, we do expect the levers that we pulled during the second quarter will start to manifest themselves more fully over the next few quarters. I think the other component, certainly not in kind of an leverage, is purely just the gross profit, right, and where that stands to be in the fourth quarter and moving into next year, that's another factor. But we can control, certainly, very strongly is the SG&A. So, we feel good that we pulled the levers -- the appropriate levers for the time being.
Bill Nash: Yes. And then, Sharon, the only other thing I would add to that, that we're absolutely entering this from a position of strength. And to Enrique's point, there's lots of lever. I mean just from the expense side, there's a lot of growth expense that we're continuing right now to prepare ourselves for the future, there's these initiatives, there's advertising, there's variable spend; all those we can still pull on, not to mention there's a whole host of other levers just for -- to preserve cash if that's ever needed. So, I think where we are at this point is -- is, look, we've pulled the levers, we know it's a challenging time, we're coming at this from a position of strength. There's initiatives that we know that will help us, both, in the near-term and the long-term; let's get them done. And so, when this market turns, and it will turn; when it turns, we'll be able to take off because we've already done these things. But we will keep, absolutely, an eye to the outside environment.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Can I ask just as a follow-up, just given the mid-teens decline in comp trends we see in, I guess, [indiscernible] I mean, can you kind of mark-to-market for us what that is in terms of SG&A as a percent of gross profit? I mean, have you let it go over 100, or is that kind of mark where you would say, okay, now we have to pull back more?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. No, I think like we have said, we pull back on levers that we can control right now. We think we are better aligned with the current environment. You are going to see those savings manifest themselves kind of moving forward. We did pulled stronger levers kind of half way through the second quarter. So, you don't fully see it in this quarter's P&L, but moving forward, we should start to see more of the savings.
Bill Nash: Yes. And I think, Sharon, way to think about it is, look, we had in absolute dollars an improvement in SG&A from the first to second as Enrique talked about. We would expect these dollars to manifest more. You will see a reduction there. The other wildcard in the equation that was just gross profit dollars, and that's going to be driven by the macro factors as Enrique talked about.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, thank you for that.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Montani with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani: Hello, thanks for taking my questions. So, the first question I have was just around the wholesale side. If we should assume kind of similar trends in terms of volume and GPU pressure to start the third quarter and wholesale given the challenging macro?
Bill Nash: Yes, Michael, good morning. So, previous calls I have talked about because I have gotten asked questions about retail margin and wholesale margin. And what I have said in previous quarters is all us being -- we feel pretty good about keeping strong retail margins. Wholesale would be coming under pressure. And if we are going to enter into a depreciating environment, that's going to cause the pressure like I talked about before. The other reason I mentioned that it could come under pressure is just because that retail selectivity, and because we are moving some cars older cars over to retail. And then, the corresponding what we call kicks. You say okay, this is retailer's car, you go build it. Or, you start to build and realize, okay, we can't get this to standards. We then move that back to wholesale. And we generally perform worse on those than the normal wholesale. So, we knew there was going to be some pressure. I think if you look at recent performance, let's call -- certainly last year, I think every quarter last year on GPU standpoint for wholesale was over $1000. And then you look at the year before, I think we had another quarter that was over $1000. If you look at that and then compare it to the 5 years prior to that, there were probably equal or more quarters in the last year than we had in the last 5 years over $1000. And that's because of the massive appreciation that we saw last year. So, I think the way to think about it going forward is probably more in line with what you would normally see the average wholesale that we make in any given quarter over 3, 4, 5 year period. I think that's the way to think about especially in this depreciating environment and especially as we continue to push more or try to push some more of these older vehicles over just from an affordability standpoint.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Adam Jonas: Hey, Bill. I am sure your team is following the proposed rule making from the FTC that motor vehicle dealer's trade regulation rule that now collecting comments. And it's aimed to increase transparency on pricing and advertising and some downstream stuff like aftermarket add-on. So, if this rule making is approved, I know there is going to be a lot of puts and takes, have you guys done any preliminary work on what impact this might have on CarMax in terms of compliance cost or SG&A expense, or any potential revenue impacts? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes, Adam, it's a great question. Obviously, we commented during the comment period as many folks did just because the requirements in some cases are a little onerous, we started to look at obviously whatever ultimately gets decided, we will make sure that we do follow, but we haven't put -- we aren't prepared at this point to really talk about additional expenses or anything, because again to your point, it's so much up in the air, and there is so much discussion and debate about it. There is a lot that's really unknown.
Jon Daniels: One thing I will add though, I mean to your point, the verbiages, Adam, is that transparency and clarity around pricing add-on products et cetera. I think our business model sets us up perfectly for that. We already are very transparent, honest online. We can show our EPP products online, the pricing there. So, I think we are in a great position to do that. And obviously, we will do whatever is required.
Bill Nash: And I think the motor bear complication for us, and I think really need to be looked as is some of the requirements on signing paperwork, physical signatures, managers that kind of thing. Everybody is operating in a world of online. So, again, it will be interesting to see how it pans out.
Operator: We will take a question from John Murphy with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. I just wanted to ask a question on pricing. Year-over-year comparisons are always relevant, but sequentially as things are changing here, they might be more relevant than typically when you look at the retail price, yours was down about 2% sequentially, quarter-over-quarter and wholesale was down 7%. I mean, and you talked about doing sort of more older vehicles in that, in the retail side. So, I mean that 2% is absorbing even lower priced vehicles. So, the gap actually may be even larger between those two. And Bill, what are you seeing in the market, where retail pricing we're hearing this from a lot of other folks is, is holding up a fair amount better than wholesale pricing? I mean, do you think that the market is sort of anticipating dealers or anticipating some kind of weakness or looking to maintain growth, it seems like there's, things are softening but a lot more on the wholesale than they are on the retail side.
Bill Nash: Yes, John, I think some of it has to do with timing. I mean, if you think about it, although there was depreciation in the quarter, and although as you pointed out, we have an older vehicle mix, both of those bring down your overall retail prices, but it wasn't enough to offset when comparing to like a year-ago. So, if you think about it, we ended last year with an appreciation about $7,500. We've only experienced about $2,500 in depreciation. So, that dynamic will become less and less as we get later into the year. But you're still there just wasn't enough to offset that overall appreciation which is why you still see us above last year. I think the other thing that you got to think about is a lot of the cars that were sold in the second quarter were bought actually; a majority of them were bought prior to the quarter even starting, so they're at a higher price. So, I think there's some, there's definitely some timing there. On the wholesale side, obviously if you're moving some of the nicer more expensive stuff into retail that's going to impact your wholesale a little bit more. And so, I think that's the dynamic that you have going on there.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi guys, thanks for taking the question. I'm still a little lost on kind of how these hedges affect profitability, we quantified this quarter. And then to just like, given like bigger picture question, trying to take the impact in the next couple of years like given the decline in used volumes, the tightening in this securitization market spreads, and kind of defaults picking up a bit, can you just kind of maybe refresh us on how the fluctuations these variables impact loan originations and net margins so we can better model the cadence of cash going forward?
Bill Nash: And maybe I'll jump in first on the hedge. Very similar dynamic to what we saw in the first quarter, right. So, the vast majority of our receivables are funded through the ABS market, as we know, we have accounting edge on those. However, we do have alternative financing vehicles with our banking partners; our longstanding banking partners and a portion of those receivables have a cash flow hedge but not an accounting hedge. And that's really due to our desire to maintain flexibility in our funding profile. So, those receivables are going to get mark-to-market every quarter like they did last quarter. And really where you see a change or benefit, or potential hit is when they're sharp and material rises or decreases in interest rates. And that's exactly what happened again this quarter. So, we would only expect this again to be material for capturing periods of material changes. And it's very similar to the first quarter. We saw sharp changes and movements in the interest rates. And that's what happened. And it was $9 million the same amount from the first quarter.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Great and I'll touch on your other question, Chris. And correct me if I don't cover everything you asked. But with regard to just overall interest margin, obviously, rising cost of funds that we've said, I think we signaled last quarter, you could begin to see a change in our net interest margin, maybe it's hit a peak and it could come down. And again, that's where our accounting is the way that we do our accounting benefits us. Obviously, as the margin increases over time, that higher margin receivable continues to hang around for longer. But obviously, our margins have tightened, had the hedge not been in there, we probably would have seen a downturn this quarter. And we're obviously going to be in a tighter environment. So, we maybe continue to see that come down. We're obviously on our side continuing to manage margins very carefully through our pricing. So, we'll do what we can, but still remaining competitive for our customer. So, again, I think there will be pressure on our net interest margin going forward. But again, we'll manage that as well as we can.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe there's a couple quick ones, first, on retail GPU, Bill, if I heard you correctly, you mentioned that you believe you could still maintain the current retail GPU level in the current pricing environment in the next few quarters. Did I hear that correctly, just want to clarify that and I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, sure. Rajat. So, when I was speaking -- talking about earlier, although I do feel good about being able to maintain strong retail margins, but I always will caveat that with, depending on a lot of different things, sales elasticity, what competitors are doing, inventory levels, our own inventory levels, so there's a lot that goes into it. But we really are still realizing some nice benefits from although we've lack self-sufficiency, we still feel like there's a little bit there. But then this, the fact that we are selling these older vehicles, gives us a little bit more margin, and this quarter, we were able to pass along some of it to the consumers in the form of offsetting some of the inflationary pressures, as well as take a little bit more. So, again, we feel good about our retail margins and where they are today. And we'll just continue to watch some of them or other external factors as we go forward.
Rajat Gupta: Got it, got it. And maybe just to follow-up on Enrique's comments around advertising, looks like you want us to maintain a healthy advertising spend per unit. But just curious like in terms of like the focus of the company right now, is it more to make sure you are able to continue to gain market share or is it more around managing overall profitability with maybe higher interest rates or maybe lack of pricing discounts. Just curious as to like, what's really the strategy in the near-term? Is the one for the other, or you think you could get both at the same time to the volume and profitability?
Bill Nash: Yes, so I'll answer and then I'll let -- I'll just give you some other thoughts and Enrique as you know but as far as advertising goes, as Enrique said, look we still are, we're really excited about this industry, and where the industry is going. Granted, we've got some challenging things, right now, but we still want to continue to invest in advertising, we're going to do it, we kind of think about it on a per unit level. So, ultimately advertising as a whole will come down if the sales are down, but we feel like continuing to invest in the business, not obviously you may change where you spend it, to this quarter, the majority of it was awareness and from an acquisition standpoint as more customers versus buying vehicles. But it's also one that we can continue to monitor, everything we do from an advertising standpoint, we measure ROI. And so, we have certain targets that we're going to have to if we see things that aren't panning out, we'll certainly pull back or pivot to something else that is. So, Enrique, you have any thoughts on that?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, what I would say is, compared to a few years ago, the marketing team overall has done a tremendous job of really giving us a line of sight, into profitability and the dollars, we're investing in how that then translates to an ROI. So, we feel really good about the investments we've been making over the past couple of years. If you compare ourselves to two years ago, I think we've increased the dollars per unit by over 50%, right. And that's because we feel really good about our ability to get visibility. So, I think we can continue to drive awareness and at the same time, drive that profitability. So, Rajat, I think we can get the best of both worlds.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think the other thing that's important to remember too Rajat is we have a lot of great things going on, I'll give you an example. The pre-qualification that both Jon and I talked about, we haven't even -- we haven't even marketed that yet. And so, that's an area for opportunity. So, again, as we think about advertising, it really allows us to kind of okay, what do we want to highlight, we have to highlight online offers, we want to highlight the omni experience, we want to highlight being able to buy online, we're going to highlight pre-qualification, there's lots of things. So, we're constantly moving it around. So, again, that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Rajat Gupta: Got it, got it. Maybe just on the cash piece, are you still able to do you feel comfortable being able to continue to pass on interest rate increases to the consumer? Or is that also going to be more thoughtful based on just more competitive lenders out there?
Bill Nash: Yes, Rajat, I appreciate the question. Yes, as I said in my prepared remarks, I was extremely pleased with the penetration we had, it did show that we were able to pass along some of the increases on to our customers, yet still manage the elasticity, capture the volume that we could again, three things we're trying to manage here is stay highly competitive for our consumers from our offers standpoint, manage that margin, and then make sure that we can capture the right amount of sales and it's a delicate balance, but I think we've done a great job and I think we'll continue to do that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot. My first question is on cash and just thinking about your loan loss reserves, and where you're at right now, what does that imply for what you're reserving, what your allowance rate is for your core Tier-1 securitized managed receivables?
Bill Nash: Yes, so right now we are comfortably Seth within the 2% to 2.5% range. The increase that you saw, as I mentioned is predominantly coming from that Tier-2 and Tier-3 volume. That's a larger percentage in the new originations than it is in the portfolio. So, we feel real good about staying in that targeted range. And that's reflected in the reserve.
Seth Basham: Got it. So, you haven't really taken up here allowance rate for those receivables despite the fact that we've seen collateral values come in sharply and the macro environment deteriorate? How should we think about the dynamics and the potential for higher loan losses for those core receivables?
Bill Nash: Yes, we modelled that pretty extensively. And we felt like again, assuming there isn't just an absolute plummeting of the values, you've got people that are buying vehicles on our books that bought it five years ago, three years ago. So, there's obviously, it's been a slow ramp-up. And hopefully, it's a slow ramp down, but modeling that, it really was relatively immaterial in a $477 million reserve. So, we feel we are well reserved, we can absolutely absorb that in what we have today. So, we've considered it, but we think we've got the right reserve as it sits today.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joe Enderlin with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Joe Enderlin: Hey guys, thanks for taking our question. So, a question for the older vehicle mix as the vehicle buy normalizes, could you see these older vehicles remain part of the mix to support higher GPUs than historical levels? Or how are you thinking about that moving forward?
Bill Nash: Yes, no, it's a great question. The great thing about that is we now that we have so much more of that inventory available, we can put out whatever the customer wants. So, as we go forward, and maybe get to a more normalized area, or period, if consumers are looking for this, we can we now have a source to make sure that we put it out there. So, I think this also will benefit us. If you think about the fact that new cars right now there aren't as many being sold, they'll have to be something that fills that gap. This is a great -- I think this will be a great tool to do that. So, again, we'll put out there, whatever the consumers want.
Joe Enderlin: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll pick our next question from David Whiston with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning, buyback spending was roughly flat from Q1. Stocks, obviously a lot cheaper now, but of course, there's macroeconomic pressures, which can make one want to conserve cash, it's that delicate balance. But do you anticipate being able to be at least flat in second half versus first half? Are you going to pull back on buybacks or be even more aggressive?
Bill Nash: Hey, David. Yes, thanks for the question. And as you pointed out in the second quarter, we're on the same pace as we were in the first quarter. So, continue to buy back our shares, but I tell you that our capital allocation philosophy remains the first and foremost, our cash goes into growing the core business. So, that's our retail businesses, our wholesale businesses, our cash business in making sure those are in a position to continue to grow. From there, we also look for growth opportunities, investments that we make, and then we return capital back to shareholders. So, our philosophy has remained the same.
David Whiston: Okay, and just on your SG&A control, I just want to make sure I understand the comment you made earlier on staffing. Are you doing any replacement hiring if someone does leave voluntarily?
Bill Nash: Yes, so, we absolutely -- we don't have a pause on hiring at this point. We're very strategic. We have a prioritization of hiring. So, as folks leave and the positions, critical positions we absolutely, we'll replace them, but at the same time, if you have a vacancy, you want to make sure okay, is this something that's supporting our near-term initiatives, that kind of thing, but while we've prioritized, we have not paused overall hiring.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, and just to be clear that managing headcount has also done through attrition as well, right, it's how we've been managing that. So, you will see those benefits again more sharply as we progress into the future quarters.
David Whiston: Okay, thank you.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thank you.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to Bill Nash for any additional or closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Thank you. As always, I want to thank our associates for everything they do, how they take care of each other and the customers and the communities. Again, my thoughts are definitely with those being impacted by the Hurricane. Please, please stay safe. Thank you all for joining the call. And we'll talk again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-06-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CarMax First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to David Lowenstein. Please go ahead, sir.
David Lowenstein: Thank you. Orlando. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2023 first-quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President CarMax Auto Finance Operations. Let me remind you our statements today that are not statements of historical fact, including statements regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on our current knowledge, expectations and assumptions and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important facts that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 8-K filed with the SEC this morning and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2022 previously filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422, extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. For the first quarter of FY'23, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $9.3 billion, up 21% compared with last year's first quarter, driven by growth in average selling prices and wholesale volume gains, partially offset by a decline in retail used units sold. Across our retail, wholesale channels, we sold approximately 427,000 cars in total during the first quarter, down 5.5% versus last year's period. In our retail business, total unit sales in the first quarter declined 11% and used unit comps were down 12.7% versus the first quarter last year. Our performance was driven by the same macro factors that led to a market-wide decline in used auto sales during the quarter, including lapping material stimulus benefits paid in the prior year, widespread inflationary pressures including challenges to vehicle affordability and lower consumer confidence. We began the first quarter with a double-digit decline in comp sales during March, continuing the fourth quarter performance we discussed on our last earnings call. Comps then improved sequentially with May ending in a low single-digit decline. While we don't intend to talk about it each quarter, market share data provides additional context to our performance and indicates that our relative performance remained strong. Based on external data, we gained share each month from January through April, the latest periods for which title data is available. We believe the share gain reflects the strength of our business model and omnichannel platform, which gives us the ability to successfully manage through cycles like this one. In short, we remain focused on delivering the most customer-centric experience in the industry and we believe we are well positioned to deliver profitable market share gains in any environment. We reported first quarter retail gross profit per used unit of $2,339, up $134 per unit versus the prior year period. We continue to focus on striking the right balance between covering cost increases, maintaining margin and passing along efficiencies to consumers to support vehicle affordability. Wholesale units were up 2.7% versus the first quarter last year, despite a calendar shift, which negatively impacted auction volume compared with the prior year. Wholesale volume was also pressured by our decision to reallocate some older vehicles from wholesale to retail to meet consumer demand for lower-priced vehicles. We estimate that without these two factors, our wholesale unit growth would have been above 10%. Wholesale gross profit per unit was $1,029 in line with $1,025 a year ago. We are pleased that we continue to drive wholesale unit growth, even as we lapped last year's nationwide launch of our instant online appraisal offering on carmax.com and in the face of the industry-wide decline in used sales. We believe our wholesale business provides an incremental growth lever and is a valuable component of our diversified business model. We bought approximately 362,000 vehicles from consumers and dealers during the first quarter, up 6% versus last year's period. We continue to be the nation's largest buyer of vehicles from consumers purchasing approximately 345,000 cars in the quarter, up 3% versus last year's record results. This enabled our self-sufficiency to remain above 70% during the quarter. We also sourced approximately 17,000 vehicles through our Max offer, our digital appraisal product for dealers that we mentioned during our last call. This is up 183% versus last year's period. As a reminder, buying directly from consumers and dealers lowers our acquisition cost, enhances our inventory selection and provides profitable incremental wholesale volume. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $204 million, down from $242 million during the same period last year as the provision for loan losses normalized versus last year's favorable adjustment. Jon will provide more detail on customer financing, the loan loss provision and CAF's contribution in a few moments. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our first quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. First quarter net earnings per diluted share was $1.56, down from $2.63 a year ago. While the decline in used sales was the key contributor, the comparison was also impacted by the following two items. First, as Jon will discuss, an $82 million year-over-year swing in the provision for loan losses, reflecting a more normalized environment. Second, earnings in last year's first quarter reflected a $22 million unrealized gain on an investment. Total gross profit was $875 million, down 5% from last year's first quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by the 11% drop in total used unit sales, which was partially offset by the increase in retail gross profit per unit and the continued growth in wholesale units. Wholesale vehicle margin was $192 million, up 3% despite the headwinds in the quarter that Bill noted. Other gross profit was $120 million, down 15% from last year's first quarter. This decrease was driven primarily by the effects of lower retail unit sales on service and EPP profits. Service results declined $31 million as lower sales and secondarily impacts from inflationary pressures drove a deleverage in results. EPP gross profit decreased by $18 million or 13%, slightly more than the retail unit sales rate decline. While penetration was stable at approximately 61%, this year's first quarter also reflected a $2.3 million unfavorable shift in the return reserve adjustments versus last year's period. Partially offsetting this decline in other gross profit was favorability in third-party finance income, which improved by $8 million, with income of $3.4 million compared to a cost of $4.6 million last year. This improvement was driven by lower Tier 3 volume compared with last year's first quarter. First quarter also benefited from $20 million of margin contribution from Edmunds. On the SG&A front, expenses for the first quarter increased to $657 million, up 19% from the prior year's quarter due to an increase in staffing costs and marketing, the continued investment in our strategic initiatives, growth costs related to the increase in appraisal buys and used stores and the consolidation of Edmunds. SG&A as a percent of gross profit deleveraged to 75% from 59.9% during the first quarter last year. The increase in SG&A dollars over last year was mainly due to three factors. First, a $61 million increase in compensation and benefits, excluding share-based compensation, driven by the annualization of the strong growth in staffing we experienced in the back half of last year, the inclusion of Edmunds payroll this quarter versus a year ago, wage pressures and the ramp in field staffing in anticipation of a stronger tax season. Partially offsetting this increase was a $16 million decrease in share-based compensation. Second, a $26 million increase in other overheads. The primary drivers of this increase include investments to advance our technology platforms and strategic initiatives, as well as growth-related costs. Third, a $16 million increase in advertising expense. This increase was primarily due to last year's lower level of spend in the first quarter given our tight inventory position and robust customer demand. In addition, this quarter spend had anticipated a stronger tax season. We've navigated many challenging consumer cycles throughout our history and remain committed to operating efficiently and effectively in every macro environment. We have already begun to better align staffing in our stores and CDCs to consumer demand as part of our ability to quickly adapt our business. From a capital structure perspective, we remain in a very strong position. We ended the quarter with an adjusted debt-to-capital ratio in the middle of our targeted range of 35% to 45%. We also generated sufficient cash to both pay down our revolver by more than $580 million and increase the pace of our share repurchase program relative to the back half of fiscal year '22. In the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares for $158 million. First quarter also marked our entry into the New York City metro market. We opened a store in Edison, New Jersey and in the second quarter, we expect to open stores in Wayne, New Jersey at East Meadow, New York. We anticipate adding two more stores in this market next year. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. Our CarMax Auto Finance business delivered solid results again this quarter despite the volatile broader lending environment. During the first quarter, CAF's net loans originated was over $2.4 billion. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 9%, which was in line with year ago, but has significantly increased from 8.2% in the previous quarter. The majority of this quarter-over-quarter change came from increased rates charged to consumers rather than from the mix of credit. As the Fed clearly signaled interest rate hikes beginning of the calendar year, CAF was able to quickly test and methodically adjust consumer rates to carefully manage sales, finance margin and penetration. As a result of these proactive rate changes, CAF's penetration in the first quarter, net of 3-day payoffs was 39.3% compared with 43.7% last year. Of importance, CAF saw it’s penetration level improved during the quarter as we observed banks and credit unions raising their own consumer rates during this period. Our Tier 2 partners continue to compete for the attractive CarMax business resulting in a penetration rate of 25.2% compared with 22.8% last year. Tier 3 accounted for 7.1% of used unit sales compared with 10% year ago. And we believe this is an indication that these customers have been impacted the most by challenges to vehicle affordability. CAF income for the quarter was $204 million, a decrease of 15% or $37 million from the same period last year. I want to take a moment to clarify the year over year swing in our loan loss provision. You will recall that last year CAF recognized $24 million of income in Q1 related to the loan loss provision, as we continue to adjust our reserve based on favorable loss performance versus expectations set at the start of the COVID pandemic. CAF's loan loss provision this quarter was $58 million, reflecting a more normalized dollar amount, given the loss performance observed within the quarter. Significantly offsetting the provision headwind was our total interest margin, which grew $53 million year-over-year, including a $36 million increase and interest in fee income and a $17 million reduction in interest expense. The lower interest expense was supported by a $9 million benefit from our hedging strategy. The current quarter's provision of $58 million resulted in an ending reserve balance of $458 million or 2.85% of managed receivables. This is a slight increase from the 2.77% at the end of the fourth quarter and included a 5 basis point adjustment for the growth in Tier 2 and Tier 3 volume originated by CAF. We remain confident in both the resiliency of the CAF consumer and our ability to serve them well. While delinquency rates have increased, our Tier 1 credit losses remain comfortably within our historical operating range of 2% to 2.5%. At this point, I would like to also provide an update on our industry-leading online finance experience. As a reminder, our unique finance based shopping engine or FBS allows for multiple lenders to decision a single customer or co-applicants on our entire retail inventory, providing a full suite of personalized decisions available at the consumers' fingertips within carmax.com. During the month of March, we further enhanced this experience by testing a no impact your credit score pre-qualification feature along with a streamlined application process that provides real-time credit decisions on our full inventory. We are extremely excited about the results thus far. It is currently available to approximately 25% of our online customers and we anticipate scaling nationwide during the rest of the year. Now I will turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Great, thank you, Jon, and thank you, Enrique. For the past several years, our priorities and investments have focused on building a leading e-commerce platform that integrates buying and selling cars with our best-in-class store experience. I'm pleased to share that during the first quarter, we achieved a significant milestone, as we have now enabled online self-progression capabilities for all of our retail customers. Our journey to this point required a massive organizational transformation and I want to thank all of our associates for their tremendous support throughout as we work together to create our omnichannel experience for our customers. In regard to our first quarter online metrics, approximately 11% of retail unit sales were online, up from 8% in the prior year's quarter. Approximately 54% of retail unit sales were Omni sales this quarter, down slightly from 56% in the prior year's quarter. Online omni and in-person sales can vary from quarter to quarter depending on consumer preferences and how they choose to interact with us. While we expect our online and omni sales to grow over time, our goal is to provide the best experience whether that's in-store, online or a seamless combination of the two. Our wholesale auctions remain virtual, so 100% of wholesale sales, which represents 23% of total revenue are considered online transactions. Total revenue resulting from online transactions was approximately 31%. This is up from 24% in last year's first quarter. Our e-commerce engine combined with our unparalleled nationwide physical footprint is a competitive advantage. Our ability to deliver integration across digital and physical transactions gives us access to the largest total addressable market relative to others in our industry and is a key differentiator. We're now going to turn our efforts to further improving the experience for our customers and our associates by focusing on the seamlessness of our online and in-store offerings. Some of our key areas of focus include, first, as Jon just mentioned, we're deploying a more sophisticated version of our finance day shopping product. As interest rates rise, consumers' ability to confidently secure financing is more important than ever. The expansion of our best-in-class pre-qualification product once fully deployed will provide frictionless and seamless access to multi-lender credit terms on every car within our retail inventory on every cart within our retail inventory whether the consumer chooses to browse and purchase from the comfort of their home, walk the lot on their own with their mobile device or shop alongside one of our exceptional sales consultants. Second area of focus is continuing to leverage data science, automation and AI to improve efficiency and effectiveness across our buying organizations, business offices and customer experience centers. Finally, we will continue to use Max offer to acquire vehicles and build on our market leading position as a buyer of cars. With Max offer, we can utilize the Edmunds sales team to open new markets and sign up new dealers for the service. It's another example of our ongoing focus on innovating and finding new opportunities in the white space adjacent to our existing capabilities. We are currently live in over 30 markets and anticipate launching additional markets throughout FY'23. Staying on Edmunds for a moment, I want to acknowledge that as of June 1, we reached the one-year anniversary of this acquisition. We are glad to have all of the talented Edmunds associates on our team and have been very pleased with the value that's been created so far. We are equally excited about our path forward as we continue to build out together our vehicle and customer acquisition programs. Before closing, I want to acknowledge, there is uncertainty in the market and in regard to consumer behavior, we believe that our fundamentals are strong and that our diversified business model enables us to gain profitable market share in any environment. Multiple opportunities exist to grow the business as we roll forward and we're excited about the future. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Orlando?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] All right, and we will take our first question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning, Brian.
Brian Nagel: I'm sorry about that. I think transmission problem. Congrats on the continued progress. So the question I want to ask in this from a bigger picture perspective as we look at the sales trends here, Bill, in your prepared comments you mentioned again some of the same factors, obviously the difficult comparisons last year again stimulus and then elevated prices confidence and such. But as we're progressing now into '22, are you seeing more clearly kind of how the consumer really is -- how the consumer is behaving, the underlying health of the consumer, and what's really driving the business at this point, particularly as you mentioned the, I guess, a strengthening trend through fiscal Q1 is the health of the consumer getting better, is that more of a function of comparisons?
Bill Nash: Yes, Brian, look, I think overall the consumer is absolutely a little softer, just because of all the things I've talked about it. I think it's hard to quantify if you think about lapping over stimulus, vehicle affordability, the general inflationary pressures, rising interest rates. If you think about those, it's hard to quantify the impact of each one. Now, I would tell you the further we've gotten from lapping the stimulus, obviously, the better we performed as I noted in my opening remarks, we got sequentially better on comps throughout the quarter, which is encouraging. But that being said, I think the consumer is softer, but there is still some demand out there and I think that's what we're trying to really maximize on and we're taking several steps to take advantage of that. It's one of the reasons why we're -- we continue to take efficiencies and pass what we can along to consumers to make the vehicle a bit more affordable. In my opening remarks, I talked about selling a little bit more of older vehicles, making the vehicles a little bit more affordable because we know some of the consumers are looking for that. In fact, Brian, you followed us long enough to know that we used to have what we called a ValueMax, which was really 6 years old vehicle, older than 6 or more than 60,000 miles, typically that -- what that type of inventory runs, let's call it, and I gave in year 22% to 25% of our sales. Well, for this quarter, it was more like 35% of our sales. So there is some demand for that. And I think the other thing I would point out is it's the reason why we also have the lending platform that we do that we have great third-party lenders and CAF just to make sure that we can get the most competitive interest rate for our customers.. So I think those are the things that we're doing to kind of work through this. And while the consumer is softer, there is still some demand out there.
Brian Nagel: No, that's very helpful. But if I could just slip one follow up into that. So, are you seeing, as you look at maybe across the different cohorts of your business, higher-priced vehicles, lower-priced vehicles, are you seeing now more significant demand dynamic across those cohorts?
Bill Nash: On the vehicle prices?
Brian Nagel: Yes, just to get an idea of that -- okay.
Bill Nash: What's interesting about it, Brian, is if you look back a year ago, 70% of our inventory was under $25,000. Fast forward to today, it's more like 43% to 45% and that's really a result of inflationary pressures, which again is one of the reasons why we're focused on getting more affordable inventory out there. So that's what our big push is right now. Now realizing some folks are interested in a higher model car and or an older car, but again, that's what our focus is right now.
Brian Nagel: Got it. I appreciate all the color. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Operator: Next question will come from John Healy with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
John Healy: Thank you. Why don't we try to follow up on that first question maybe in a little bit different way. When I think about, Bill what you kind of talked about what's going on in the business, you re-merchandised, you've got investments into the sales and labor force, obviously, those mature at different rates. But if you look at kind of going from low double-digit declines in, say, March or April to low single-digit declines now in comps. What would you attribute the improvement to? Is it conversion? Is it the people in the stores? Is it that consumer might have paused and now they're realizing they have to make a transaction? Would just love to kind of hear how you and the team are attributing the sequential improvement and maybe to what initiatives are they more consumer-related?
Bill Nash: Yes, it's a good question, John. I mean obviously, I'd love to tell you that it's because of our continued focus on improving the experience, getting the right inventory and they're improving prices and all that, while I do think that's a factor. I don't think you can ignore the fact that a year ago in March, the biggest stimulus checks hit the ground. And when you think about it, tax season this year versus last year would have looked very similar. The only difference though is last year $1,400 check went out to consumers during tax season and that did not happen this year. So, that absolutely had an impact. So I'm not going to sit here and say it's all us that's driving, I think there are some macro factors that are allowing it to improve the further you get away from that stimulus.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: I think as well, like, our success in buying cars directly from consumers as reflected in our self-sufficiency rate really allows us to buy those older cars. And as Bill talked about, our percent of sales coming from older cars were not because the consumer demand is there. Those cars are not easy to buy in auction. So it's really a nod to our ability to buy cars directly from consumers.
John Healy: Great. And then just one follow-up question. I think you mentioned the auction calendar working against the wholesale business this quarter. Will that revert? Will we pick that up in Q2? I was just curious how the timing impact might or that there might be a benefit quarter here as we look out for the remainder of the year.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, great question. First of all, we're very pleased with the auction performance, wholesale performance, in general. We're pleased with the fact that we actually grew it. The dynamic was that we had one less Monday sale and swapped it for Tuesday and Monday is a bigger auction volume day than a Tuesday and that actually we got the benefit of that at some point last year. So that will not be a pickup. The other thing that I cited though was that we have made the decision to pull some what we normally run through the auctions and build those cars to retail and absent those two things. If you pull them out, the wholesale would have grown by more than 10% which, again, we're excited about.
John Healy: Great. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Operator: Up next, we'll hear from Ms. Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. So as you think about offering some more value-oriented cars, have you also considered kind of swaying from the, I guess, I would say fully reconditioned status that you've historically had and maybe leading from the scratches or whatever and marking it as is to further enhance the value proposition, I know that's been something you've been leery of in the past from a brand perspective. And then secondarily, obviously, there is a lot of concern that things are going to get worse before they get better, I mean how are you positioning from a controllable standpoint in the event that there is another leg down. I mean how should we think about SG&A, and what you can cut if you need to cut it?
Bill Nash: Yes, I'll tackle both because I'm sure Enrique will have some comments on the kind of the concerns going forward. From your first question, as far as the older inventory. Sharon, if we're going to make it a CarMax car, it's going to be a CarMax car. And you know, you take these older cars, not all of them can make the cut. And we’ll end up trying to run through some through retail, they won't make it, but we're bringing them up to the CarMax standards. So I think that answers your first question. The other thing I would just point out there is those cars, and we've talked about this, but we haven't talked about it for a while, those cars are generally more profitable. So, they also provide us a tailwind when you think about margin management, pricing inventory that kind of thing. So we'll continue to do that, we'll continue to bring up to CarMax standards and not go with a lower standard. As far as the concerns about what may manifest in the future with the consumer, where the consumer is going, Sharon, we've been through this several times in the past and whether it's ’08, ‘09 recession, whether it's the depths of COVID, we've been able to navigate it profitably both times and we have lots of levers, we've shown that we've been able to pull those levers whether they're expense levers and you think about, you can slow down some of your growth, you can slow down some of your initiatives, you can pull back on advertising, your variable will adjust or if it's just you know if you want to secure cash, you can modify your stock buyback, you can start on some of your capital expenditures or delayed. So these are just some of the levers that you know that we pulled in the past and we're going to continue to monitor the conditions. But I'd tell you that it here today, yes, the consumer soft, but now is not the time. I don't think to be pulling back on our initiatives because the initiatives what are going to really help us grow in the future. But that being said, we're certainly aware of the outside factors and we'll continue to monitor.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, I would just add to that by saying, we're going to be -- our objective really is to ensure that our expenses are in line with customer demand while at the same time making sure that we're investing in the key areas of that are going to enable us to grow profitability and market share over time. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with a view of that, we've already begun to kind of align our cost structure to current demand through scheduling, through natural attrition. So we've already done those and look if a recession comes, we're confident in our ability to weather it as we're coming at it from a position of strength. We're profitable. We have a strong balance sheet and we generate cash. So we feel, again, as Bill mentioned, we've been through these cycles before and we feel confident we can manage through it effectively while growing our market share as well.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Sharon.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rajat Gupta: Great, thanks for taking the questions. Nice execution on the retail gross profit per unit. Can you help us unpack that a little bit versus the prior quarter, what drove the sequential uptick there? Is it reconditioning saving? Is it just the sourcing mix? Is it pricing related? Curious if you could bucket those if possible and I have a follow-up.
Bill Nash: Yes, thanks for the question, Rajat. Yes, the way I think about it and I talked about this in the opening remarks, we're really trying to walk upon balance here. We have some efficiencies, historically we've always passed our efficiencies along and the big efficiencies that we're working with right now are the fact that we've got self-sufficiency still at a high, but we also have this new dynamic where we're signed to more older cars. And as I talked about earlier, these older cars generally carry more margin. So that's also an opportunity to manage our margin and pass along efficiencies to the consumers. And this quarter, obviously, it's a little higher than last year and even our five-year average. And that's because with these efficiencies, we continue to pass along the price savings, but we also took a little bit more to the bottom line and we monitor sales elasticity, competitors' inventory levels that kind of things. And we'll continue to do that going forward, but we feel really good about our margin position right now and bearing the other big changes and keep an eye on the testing, we feel good about the margins going forward as well.
Rajat Gupta: Got it, got it. Relatedly, on the topic you're shifting to SG&A, I mean is there any of the slight change in the sourcing mix or trying to maintain that GPU coming in some way at the expense of more cost on the SG&A side. Now, you're not roughly $2,700 per unit and this is the seasonally strongest quarter typically every year, so curious like what takes us down further as the year progresses? What are the areas of opportunity? If you could just give us some puts and takes on that front on how the SG&A per unit should progress going forward?
Bill Nash: Yes, I'll pass to Enrique in just a second, but just to be clear, like these, the margin improvements are not coming at the expense of SG&A and the way we think about margin when we were building the cars we've absolutely seen inflationary pressures in the build of cars, which goes to the COGS. But we're also working very hard to offset those. So not only we are passing along some savings to the consumer through some of these efficiencies, but I also feel like because we're offsetting these costs that's also passing along to consumers, because some competitors won't have levers and if the costs go up, which everyone seeing whether it's gas, it's parts, it's labor, if they don't have levers to pull, their prices are going up. So I think about that is also an efficiency on price as well.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. And I would say just to build on that. There is some pressure on SG&A from the amount of buys, right. So we've had tremendous success around the amount of buys there, we have to staff up to make sure we can accommodate that and ebbs and flows through to our self efficiency rate. So there is some pressure on SG&A, but what I'd tell you the story in Q1, an important story on the deleverage is really driven by a couple of things, right, year-over-year, when you look at the deleverage. Number one is like were are understaffed last year in the first quarter, you recall going back to the pandemic, coming out of the pandemic, we were understaffed. And we spent the back half of last year understaffed -- or staffing up. As the last year was understaffed, we also spent less on a per unit in marketing last year in the first quarter, because our inventory was fairly limited. So we spent a little bit less than we had very strong demand, so we're comping over those 2 things in the first quarter, which put a fair bit of pressure on that leverage rate. I think the second thing, as well as in anticipation of a stronger tax season performance, we have staffed up in our stores and in our CDCs and we had to spend more in marketing, now those sales didn't come, but as I've talked about, we're fairly nimble and we can manage those back down, which is what we've already begun to do when it comes to staffing in the CDCs and in our stores. And again we're doing that through just attrition and through better scheduling. But we can manage that down, but I think it's important to understand the Q1 deleverage what drove it.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. Great, thanks for the color. I'll jump back in queue.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Rajat.
Operator: Alright, up next, we'll hear from Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking for our question. I wanted to ask on the competitive environment for CAF right now. I think last quarter we talked about how some of the other lenders were extending terms to 84 months. They weren't passing through higher cost of funds. It feels like you mentioned in your prepared remarks, if they were starting to pass through some of those higher cost of funds during the quarter. But just curious how the competitive backdrop is changing and obviously CAF penetration went down in the quarter. I mean, was that intentional on your part walking away from business? Or can you tell us what drove that? Thanks.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, I appreciate the question, Daniel. Yes, thanks for the recognition in the prepared remarks, we did state. I think the story or the headline for penetration this quarter was really about cash pricing moves. We're not walking away from business at all. If you look at the average APR, we charge for our customers last quarter, it was 8.2% this quarter, it’s 9% largely coming from us passing along our increased costs under the consumer, it's always a delicate balance, you're trying to figure out managing, making sure you're highly competitive to your customer. Remember we're competing directly with predominantly credit unions and to some degree external banks. We install that -- what we observe, we just want a little sooner than they did are kind of trough of penetration in the quarter was more in that February-March timeframe and we watched our competition, we have sort of them raise rates throughout the quarter, we were just a little sooner and therefore our penetration came back the cadence within the quarter. So I think it will continue to be that way again trying to manage our penetration, our net interest margin capture and obviously making sure extremely competitive for our customers. So it's a delicate balance it will continue one, but we'll continue to watch what our competitors do and what the Fed does.
Bill Nash: And Jon -- well our penetration went down those consumers that brought their own financing went up.
Jon Daniels: Great. That's generally the offset. So in our space usually a customer sees the car, they want it, making either choose the financing from CAF, or again that's what's great about our program is they can go externally not feel like they have to walk away from the car, and that's generally what they do. So they just chose to do that this quarter.
Daniel Imbro: Got it. I'll hop back in the queue. Thanks so much guys.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Daniel.
Operator: All right. Up next, we'll take a question from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Nathan Friedman: Yes, hi, this is Nathan Friedman on for Seth. Thanks for taking my questions. The first question I wanted to ask was regarding retail gross profit per unit, are you expecting this level of GPU going forward given the current used car pricing environment and a return to normalized or possibly accelerated depreciation through the duration of the year? And how should we be thinking about that?
Bill Nash: Yes, Nathan. As I said earlier, we feel good about our margins. We've got some tailwinds there. I would tell you, we've navigated through times of depreciation before and I think we excel at it. And in those times of depreciation before, we've been able to maintain our margins. So I would expect that to be similar. I think the only times where our margins have come under pressure a little bit is when you see rapid, rapid depreciation of a very short period of time. But even then it's short-lived. So we feel very comfortable about our ability to continue to maintain margins. But again, we're going to also like I said earlier, we'll be testing a lot of different things and making sure that we have an outward eye on where the consumer is and sales elasticity competitors and all that.
Nathan Friedman: Got it. Thanks for that. And my second question is focused on your strong net interest margin performance this quarter and the sequential increase here, despite your last ABS securitizations margins experiencing pretty large sequential margin declines. Can you provide more detail or quantify how much benefit you experienced from your hedging strategy this quarter? And how you're envisioning net interest margins going forward?
Jon Daniels: Sure. Yes, we -- Enrique and I’ll probably tag team on that, first just to talk about the net interest margin growth that we saw during the quarter. Again the key to remember is our business model in our accounting processes we earn over time rather than a gain on sale model, so the assets that are providing our net interest margin in this quarter coming from a year ago, two years ago, three years ago, where spreads are incredibly healthy. So obviously what we bring on this quarter, and most recent ABS transaction, it's really going to offset what we're rolling off of the portfolio. So it just so happens that timing is such that such strong margin assets still remain in our portfolio and will for some time. And eventually if we can keep our margin high, we'll continue to keep manage that well, then the fall off, will be -- may be minimized or at least slow on the downturn. With regard to hedging strategy, I'll let but Enrique talk to that.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. And as Jon mentioned in his prepared remarks, we had and we experienced in the quarter a $9 million gain from a hedge benefit just to maybe explain that a little bit more. The vast majority of our receivables are funded through the securitization market and we have an accounting hedge on all of those. But we also have alternative funding vehicles as we've been talking about for a few years, right? With our banking partners a portion of those receivables have a cash flow hedge, but not an accounting hedge. And that's really due to our desire to maintain flexibility in the funding profile. So those receivables, they don't have an accounting hedge, get mark-to-market every quarter. So, we benefited this quarter given the recent sharp and material change in interest rates, but moving forward we’d only expect us to be material to any degree in periods again with our sharp and material changes in the interest rate.
Nathan Friedman: Well. That’s good. Thank you for the time and best of luck.
Jon Daniels: Thank you.
Operator: All right. And up next, we will take a question from John Murphy with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Murphy: Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to go back to the shift towards older vehicles. And Bill, I mean as we look at the next few years, the zero to six year old car population is likely to shrink pretty dramatically or not really recover much if that is what we're seeing on new vehicle sales side, I mean, the vehicles just don't exist in reality. So as you look at going older to beyond six years, it just seems like there's a real opportunity in the seven to 10 year old vehicles. Our high-quality products is very different than they were 10 to 20-years ago, so you can wrap them pretty well to the consumers, so they're good products for you to rep in sell. So just curious, as we think about this idea there and like you said you went from 25% Valuemax or Valuemax like vehicles to 35% this quarter. Could that be significantly higher over time? And just the kind of thing that could be not just sort of a move to offset some of the shortage of supply on zero to six year side, but somehting you’d be more structural and if you think five to 10 years down the line could dramatically increase your addressable market for each store or in total?
Bill Nash: Yes. Good morning, John. Yes, it's a great question. The beauty of our business is whatever the consumers are looking for, we'll put out there. Now obviously, it’s a little harder to find some of these vehicles and build them. We've been through a similar situation. If you go back to ’08 and ’09 the recession when the new car SAAR dropped dramatically. It was actually more pronounced back then, I think what that did to like a 10-year supply of newer type cars, because you know the SAAR was down to really low double-digits. I think at one point, if not even below that. So there was this bubble that had to work itself through. And I would expect to see a similar level, but not nearly to the magnitude that we saw back in ‘08 or ’09. I would tell you, the great thing that's different then -- back then, we are able to navigate them, but the great thing that we have now that we didn't is just our self-sufficiency and when I think about that type of inventory our best source of that is from consumers and so the fact that our self-sufficiency is so high. It just gives us a lot of that inventory, you know, I talked a little bit about those over six, but it really doesn't matter if you break it down zero to four, you know, that's generally like a year ago at 66% of our sales or so this quarter is about 50% five to seven year old vehicles again it's 20% to 25%, now it's 30% to 35%, 8%-plus, it’s like 15%, it across the board. And we have a better source of inventory now, so we're excited about the opportunity going forward.
John Murphy: Okay. And then maybe just to follow-up on that, on the -- I mean, it’s seems like on the acquisition side, it’s -- you’re doing a good job on self-sufficiency side. But if we think about that consumer buying that vehicle. It sounds like, they actually have a higher propensity than the younger vehicles to actually purchase online. I mean, when you are looking at your omnichannel efforts and actually conversion based on the age groups. I mean, is that true that basically this seve plus year old vehicle is actually -- that buyer is actually more apt to buy online then sort of the one to three year old bucket. I mean, I'm just curious what you're seeing there?
Bill Nash: Yes, John. To be honest, off the top my head, I don't know if that's necessarily true, I mean what we're seeing from an online sales perspective is it's a wide swath of consumers looking for different merchandise. So I don't think that's necessarily true that it's the older stuff that selling online. There is some of it, I don't think it's disproportionate.
John Murphy: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you, John.
Operator: All right. Up next, we'll hear from Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani: Great, thanks for taking the question. Good morning. Just wanted to ask first if I could, if you all could share some incremental color around the buying trends you're seeing. I don't know if you can segment it out by income cohort, kind of, 40k and below versus 100k plus households. But, but just talk about maybe what you saw there in the quarter? And then how that has evolved, if the sales have, kind of, stabilized it down low single-digit?
Bill Nash: Mike, I don't have the cohort that you're looking for as far as household income the both our online, in-store appraisal lane has really resonated broadly with all consumers. I would say, interestingly, for the quarter we bought it may not be a total surprise we bought more what I would call larger SUV pickup trucks from consumers that may be because of gas prices, but on the flip side, we also sold more of that there were consumers, you know, I think if you pay the right and you have a price right that they’ll sell and we actually -- we saw that. But I don't have the data in front of me to tell you. Okay, household income, what does that look like on a sale. But I will tell you, it's the product that we have out there has really appealed across the spectrum.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I guess what I would add to that just some of the credit perspective trying to align maybe household income with the credit quality of the customer coming through the door. I think we mentioned before, I think there is demand out there. You see the lower credit quality customer who is still shopping still applying for credit, they just seem to be maybe priced out of the markets at times, because of the price of the vehicle and ultimately the monthly payments. So I think the demand is there, I think as inventory comes down they're going to be able to get there. So again provided there is some correlation between that consumer and the lower income consumer. I think the demand is there.
Michael Montani: And if I could just follow-up on the profit front, earlier this year you all had mentioned the gross profit dollars, we need to grow, kind of, high single-digits to leverage, given some of the investments underway. So just wanted to think about that into the back half of the year. Does add expense kind of step up here given the multi-channel has been initially rolled out, head count it sounds like it could moderate a bit? So, just help us to understand kind of how to think about the pace of SG&A dollars for the back half?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. And so what we have said last call, as we expect in fiscal year ’23 actually we're going to need an excess of that historical range of high single-digit, right. So we need more than that to leverage this coming year, because what I talked about earlier, largely that annualization of the success in staffing and again Q1 really is the quarter where we see most of that impact. We are committed to ensuring that our expenses are in line with customer demand. And again, I talked about that we've already -- the steps we've already undertaken. So for Q1 really from a year-over-year leverage perspective, it is our toughest quarter.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: All right. Up next, we will take a question from Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question as well. I wanted to dig into your sourcing mode and really understand your Maxoffer tool a little bit better. Can you give us a feel for the economics of that tool? And why do dealers choose to use it given you're also competitors in that local market? And then, are those cars as profitable as cars you sourced directly from the consumer or from auctions? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes, Craig. Yes, we're -- like I said earlier, we're excited about Maxoffer, it’s been a product that we've been working on, it took a little bit of a back seat to the IO, but we're leveraging similar algorithms. When I think about the profitability, obviously, the -- well first of all the Maxoffer buys are absolutely more profitable than buying offsite. As I rank on that, I think the most profitable or certainly the IOs that are consumers to bring us the cars for obvious reasons we're not saying logistics that kind of thing. But for the Maxoffer they're not as profitable as a consumer, but there's still more profitable than buying offsite, which again makes sense, because we're not having to pay buy fess. As far as why dealers, we choose to use it, but there is lots of deals out there have inventory that they're not interested in, or they have appraisals that they're looking at that they really don't know how to value it. And so this is a service that can be provided at no cost with a backing on it and it's proven to resonate. Like I said in the call, we're little over 30 -- in 30 markets, we have plenty of opportunity -- continue to expand it. Edmunds has 1,000s of dealers that they work with our auctions. We have 1,000s of dealers, so we think there's a lot of potential here.
Craig Kennison: Can you shed any light on the fee structure? Are you getting a fee or they getting a fee?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: So we do -- they actually we make it a little bit what we make it worth our time, so they actually do make some money on these, and that's kind of how we work it.
Craig Kennison: Perfect, thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Operator: All right. Our next question will come from Evan Silverberg with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Evan Silverberg: Good morning all. Evan Silverberg on for Adam Jonas. Recognizing there were some color in the prepared remarks on comps per month year-over-year. Curious if you could give any additional color on an absolute basis? How sales trended throughout the quarter? And what you're thinking in terms of exit rate into 2Q?
Bill Nash: Yes. And like I said in my opening remarks, they got better progressively throughout the quarter from double-digits to low single-digit negative comp for the end of the quarter. So we've been pleased with that, that trend. And obviously we'll talk about June in second quarter at that time, but again we've -- we feel pleased as we exited the quarter.
Evan Silverberg: And even within the quarter are you seeing any trends within the tiers of the consumer or you think it's pretty steady throughout the different classes?
Bill Nash: No. I think it's pretty steady through the different ones, as Jon pointed out earlier, I think that, that lower FICO customer is probably being impacted the most by vehicle affordability. But again that, that's the way it started out at the beginning of the quarter and that's the way it ended the quarter. So I think it's fairly consistent throughout the quarter.
Evan Silverberg: Great. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: All right. Our next question will come from David Whiston with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
David Whiston: Thanks, good morning. It's great to see free cash flow generation along with buybacks in the debt pay down. I was just curious on the roughly now I think about $1 billion then due two years from now. Is your goal to just get rid of that revolver through internal free cash flow generation before that time? Are you willing to do an five year, 10-year bond offering at some point?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Well we would. As you said, I mean, we are very pleased with our cash flow performance in the quarter. You know, despite a challenging sales quarter certainly where our business model is able to generate cash and we're really pleased that allowed us to pay down a fair chunk on our revolver, almost $600 million and accelerate our share repurchase program. So in terms of what we're going to do moving forward, I think the way to think about it is, will be nimble to the environment, we’re going to do what's right for our shareholders. And while taking a look at how we're performing and kind of what the options are for us. I think the way to think about it is we intend on managing within our capital structure at 30% to 45% adjusted debt-to-cap, and that's how we kind of manage the business we do that by taking on debt, we’re pulling down debt and also by our share repurchase program. So those are the levers that we use. So moving forward, you know, we’ll end up managing to that rate.
David Whiston: Okay. And on the free cash flow generation, it looks like you've got a lot of help from inventory reductions, which you hadn't gotten that help in working capital in the past several quarters. Just curious, was your inventory decline here intentional to get some free cash flow generation? Or is it perhaps a function of buying more older vehicles?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, it was a little bit more seasonal, you have this time of year in the first quarter and leading into the first half of the year, we ramped down their inventory, as we work through tax season. It's a little bit of that. We also saw quarter-to-quarter just the average cost of our inventory went down a little bit too. So we did see that, and that helped us a little bit as well.
David Whiston: Okay, thank you.
Operator: All right. And moving on, we'll hear from Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask a follow-up question on kind, of CAF funding cost. So sort of I guess a few things like the interest rate hedge question, are you seeing that interest rates stay at these levels at the $9 million hedging benefit would unwind and trying to understand, like how long you said just last for? And then separately for the warehouse facility, kind of, in the K, like what's the benchmark rate for the warehouse facility is that like LIBOR or whatevere replace LIBOR or SIP number that’s called? And then, sorry, one last follow-on to this bigger picture, so I could tell you probably passed on that 50 bps of rate some of the customer. How much of that 300 basis point increase in benchmark rates do you ultimately think you’ll pass-through? And that's it from me.
Jon Daniels: I'll take the last one first, actually, yes, as you mentioned, we certainly have past along rates consumers. As I said previously, it's going to constantly be a test that assess right you recognize of what we're trying to manage penetration, margin, customer experience all of those things. So we're going to watch it very carefully. What I was very pleased with this quarter was and it wasn't just a single move and then forget it, and then absorbed it, it was identified pockets of populations that we think are less elastic more elastic test, adjust, you know, look at what our competition is doing, and that's generally how we operate. So again we are not looking to absolutely lead the market in past in that great along. We want to make sure we remain highly competitive. Again, fortunately, we have that three day payoff option. The customers may take advantage of to make sure we still sell the car. So I can't speculate exactly a much will pass along, but you understand how we're managing it.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, and for the other two questions. In terms of the cost basis in our warehouses, it really is LIBOR and more and more SOFR as that, that tool kind of matures somewhat. In terms of the hedging question, very specifically the $9 million, but we do not have an accounting hedge. We have a cash flow hedge. Again, that really is going to change it will be benefit like it was this quarter, it could be a detriment only when interest rates are going to shape -- change sharply and materially, that's when they're going to change, because we have that hedge. The hedges over the life of the loan that we have, right? But again, it's only really going to change from quarter-to-quarter. When there’s a sharp and material change in those interest rates and that's why we see a benefit or [Technical Difficulty]. And again and that’s on as I mentioned earlier, the vast majority of our receivables are due to securitization market will not be impacted on the quarter-to-quarter basis with that, it's really to -- very small and much smaller pool of receivables that we have to our banking partners to alternative funding we'll see that. But again, if we don't -- that those interest rates still change sharply or materially you're really not going to be anything impactful quarter-to-quarter.
Chris Bottiglieri: That’s okay. And then bigger picture question, the GPUs, I mean, this feels like a two to three standard deviation move in the GPU, like you usually are pretty methodical about kind of past the amount of the consumer taking market share. Just kind of your taking that GPU in kind of letting your ASP’s in output. So I guess it cut us down like, when I could tell you're comfortable running at this higher GPU level like what's philosophically changing that's causing you to kind of shift towards GPU and maybe less than market share or help maybe I'm wrong here in understanding correctly, how would you frame it?
Bill Nash: No, I think you're right, it is lumpy in any given quarter you can make $50 to $80 difference, this is always little bit more than and it was a conscious decision. But again, the way we approach is we really look for efficiencies first and foremost. And if we find the efficiencies then you have the decision to make. If you take a little bit more to margin you have to look at a lot of factors in order to determine that. And how much do you put towards the price and just based on all the factors that we took some of these efficiency. So it's really not on the backs of the consumer, what they're paying before, we're actually passing some of the efficiencies, some of these additional ones from the older vehicles and the sub-sufficiency we continue to pass them and then we took a little bit more this quarter. So it was a conscious decision as far as going forward, we'll continue to monitor things and what competitors are doing and the elasticity and make decisions as we always do during the quarter.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And we've been able to do that while growing our market share within the quarter, right. So [Multiple Speakers] in our market share.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Chris Bottiglieri: Thank you.
Operator: All right. And we'll take a follow-up from Chris Pierce with Needham. Please go ahead.
Chris Pierce: Hey, good morning. You guys have talked about better aligning expenses. We’ve also talked about growing market share? And then just -- that last question, if GPU comfort you have at this higher level. Just curious how to think about advertising going forward. Can you kind of get a hobbled competitor out there? But I know the end market isn't really on fire either. So I'm kind of curious how you're thinking about advertising and advertising per vehicle going forward?
Bill Nash: Yes. Thank you for the question, Chris. Look, I think our stance on advertising is still what we've been as we've said for this upcoming year. We expected to have a step up, I mean, keep in mind, if you go back pre-COVID, I think Enrique we're 70% up in --
Enrique Mayor-Mora: In total dollars and then on a per unit basis, most up 60%.
Bill Nash: Yes. So when I think about advertising, we had a lot of good things to say. It's even though obviously consumer soft, there's a lot of advertising dollars being put in by everybody. And I think way that we will continue to go forward is with the guidance that we originally gave, which was really more in the ballpark of let's call it the $350 per unit, a little bit higher this quarter, but I think that's a good -- kind of a good thing to -- good way to think about it as we go forward. And then we've got lots of new capabilities, when you think about online self progression, we do anticipate at some point later in the year that we'll start to advertise that. And we do that, we'll shift some dollars around, we're always moving things between acquisition and awareness and whether it's appraisal awareness, whether it's consumer, retail, consumer awareness, we're always moving things around on any given quarter. So I would look for some new messaging later on this year.
Chris Pierce: Great. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: All right. Well, great. Well, thank you all for joining the call today and as always for your questions and your support. As always do, I want to thank our associates for everything they do and their commitment to making a positive impact on the customers and each others and our communities. And even particularly the environment, we just recently published our 2022 responsibility report, if you haven't had a chance look at it, I would highly encourage you to take a look at it. We're really proud of the values that we live every day and our ongoing commitment to all of our stakeholders to drive long-term sustainable value creation. So again, thank you for your time today and we'll talk again next quarter.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. We thank you again for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-04-12 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. David Lowenstein, AVP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Jess. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2022 fourth quarter earnings conference call. I am here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CarMax Auto Finance Operations. Let me remind you, our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s Form 8-K issued this morning in its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021 filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422 extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. For the fourth quarter of FY ‘22, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $7.7 billion, up 49% compared with last year’s fourth quarter, driven by growth in average selling prices and wholesale volume gains partially offset by a decline in used units sold. Net earnings was $159.8 million for the fourth quarter and $1.2 billion for the fiscal year. Fourth quarter net earnings per diluted share was $0.98, down 23% from a year ago. During our call in December, we shared that we were pleased with our sales performance at the start of the fourth quarter. However, we began to see pressure after the holidays that continued through the end of the quarter. In our retail business, total unit sales in the fourth quarter declined 5.2% and used unit comps were down 6.5% versus the fourth quarter last year. We believe several macro factors weighed on market-wide used car sales, including consumer confidence, vehicle affordability, the Omicron COVID surge and lapping stimulus benefits paid in the prior year period. While the fourth quarter used market was challenging, we are extremely proud of our accomplishments for fiscal 2022 and we believe we are well positioned for continued long-term success across our retail and wholesale business and CarMax Auto Finance. Our full year results reflect significant growth in sales, market share and earnings as well as a solid progress on our strategic initiatives. In fact, our retail market share growth this past year was the highest it’s been during my tenure as CEO and is a reflection of our focus on delivering the most customer-centric experience in the industry. Our market share data indicates that our nationwide share of 0 to 10-year-old vehicles grew 13% from 3.5% in calendar 2020 to 4.0% in 2021. Despite posting a decline in sales during our fiscal fourth quarter, comparing our results to published used vehicle SAAR data suggest that we continued to take share during the quarter. We believe we are well-positioned to deliver profitable market share gains in any environment. Across our retail and wholesale channels, we sold approximately 343,000 cars in total during the fourth quarter, up 11% versus last year’s period. For the fiscal year, we sold approximately 1.6 million retail and wholesale cars combined, up 38% year-over-year. We continue to be the nation’s largest buyer of vehicles from consumers. We bought approximately 324,000 cars from consumers during the quarter, up 69% versus last year’s period. For the fiscal year, we bought approximately 1.4 million cars from consumers, up 95% year-over-year. Self-sufficiency continued to be strong during the fourth quarter, remaining above 70%. We reported fourth quarter retail gross profit per used unit of $2,195, up $109 per unit versus the prior year period. With used car prices remaining elevated, we chose to pass along some of our self-efficiency acquisition cost savings to consumers via lower prices. We believe we struck the right balance between covering inflationary cost, maintaining margin and keeping our vehicles more affordable. Our approach reflects our continuation of our commitment to doing what’s right for the customer, which ultimately drives the growth of our business. Wholesale unit sales were up 43.8% from the fourth quarter last year and gross profit per unit was $1,191 compared to $990 a year ago. The strength in wholesale units was primarily driven by the ongoing success of our instant online appraisal offering. Wholesale valuations remained historically high during the quarter, which supported margin relative to the fourth quarter last year. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $194 million, up from $188 million during the same period last year. In a few minutes, John will provide more detail on customer financing and CAF contributions, but at this point, I’d like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our fourth quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill and good morning everyone. Total gross profit was $711 million, up 11% from last year’s fourth quarter. This increase was driven primarily by wholesale vehicle margin of $177 million, which was up 73%. The continued growth of the wholesale business is providing us with a strong gross profit lever. Used vehicle margin of $427 million was relatively flat over last year’s fourth quarter, with the decrease in units largely offset by an increase in margin per unit. Other gross profit was $107 million, down 4% from last year’s fourth quarter. This decrease reflected a $33 million decline in service profit primarily due to the deleverage driven by the reduction in sales and the staffing and efficiency impacts from the Omicron COVID surge in the fourth quarter. Our intent continues to be to operate service-as-a-profit center, which from quarter-to-quarter can be impacted by sales trends and staffing disruptions. Partially offsetting this decline was favorability in EPP and third-party finance fees as well as $20 million of margin contribution from admins. EPP grew by $6.3 million or 5% year-over-year for the quarter, with penetration stable at approximately 60%. This favorability was driven by an $11 million year-over-year net benefit from the recognition of profit sharing revenues and adjustments to our cancellation reserves. Recall from our second quarter call in September, one of our providers implemented a timing shift in their performance period for profit sharing revenues. All of our providers now utilize the same timing, which aligns recognition as applicable to our fourth quarter. Third-party finance fees improved by $4.7 million, with income of $1.8 million compared to a cost of $2.9 million last year. This improvement was driven by lower Tier 3 volume compared with last year’s fourth quarter. On the SG&A front, expenses for the fourth quarter increased to $621 million, up 23% from the prior year’s quarter due to continued investment in our strategic initiatives and in marketing, the consolidation of Edmunds and growth costs related to the increase in appraisal buys, new stores and customer support at our customer experience centers or CECs. SG&A as a percent of gross profit deleveraged to 87.3% from 79% during the fourth quarter last year. This deleverage was primarily due to the decline in sales that occurred in the quarter. The increase in SG&A dollars over last year was mainly due to three factors. First, a $43 million increase in total compensation and benefits driven by our continued strong ramp in staffing, including proactive staffing in anticipation of tax season and wage increases. Additionally, we had a $16 million increase in annual bonus-related compensation plus the inclusion of admin’s payroll this quarter versus a year ago. Partially offsetting this increase was a $42 million decrease in stock-based compensation. Second, a $40 million increase in other overhead. The primary drivers of this increase include investments to advance our technology platforms and strategic initiatives as well as growth-related costs. Third, a $19 million increase in advertising expense through our ongoing plan to drive customer acquisition and amplify the CarMax brand by continuing to build awareness of our omnichannel offerings. For the full year, SG&A as a percent of gross profit was 70.7%, leveraging approximately 1 point over last year’s percentage of 71.6%. Our approach to SG&A and costs heading into next year remains consistent. We will continue to invest in our business. At the same time, we remain committed to ensuring that we are efficient and effective in our spend and we continue to target areas of focus that we expect will deliver results over time. We expect to require an increase beyond the 5% to 8% range of gross profit growth to lever in FY ‘23. This is largely driven by the timing of strategic investments and growth-related costs as well as heightened inflationary pressures. While we expect to remain in investment mode over the next few years, we expect our leverage point to go back down after FY ‘23. Our capital allocation philosophy remains consistent. We will continue to invest in our core business, consider new growth opportunities through investments, partnerships or acquisitions and returned excess capital to our shareholders. In regard to our share repurchase program, we repurchased approximately 872,000 shares in the quarter for approximately $102 million. For the full year, we have repurchased approximately 4.5 million shares for $561.6 million, and as of March 31, 2022, we had $721.7 million of authorizations remaining. As communicated today, our Board of Directors has expanded our share repurchase authority by $2 billion with no expiration timeline. The Board’s authorization reflects CarMax’s ongoing commitment to long-term shareholder value creation through growth and return of capital. For capital expenditures, we anticipate approximately $500 million in FY ‘23. This increase in spend is driven by long-term growth capacity initiatives for our auction, sales and production facilities in addition to continued investments in technology. In FY ‘23, we plan to open 10 new locations, including our first 3 stores in the New York City metro market. Our extensive nationwide footprint and logistics network continue to be a competitive advantage for CarMax, and we remain committed to an appropriate level of investment on these differentiated assets. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique and good morning everyone. Our CarMax Auto Finance business delivered strong results once again. For the fourth quarter, CAF’s penetration net of 3-day payoffs was 41% compared with 43.5% last year. Tier 2 increased to 23.7% of used unit sales compared with 21% last year, and Tier 3 accounted for 6.7% of sales compared with 9.5% a year ago. Year-over-year reduction in CAF’s penetration is attributed to a larger percentage of customers coming in with outside financing. Our Tier 2 partners continue to provide highly competitive credit offers as they compete for additional volume within the Max channel. These strong offers, along with the decrease in conversion in the lower portion of the credit spectrum driven by higher average selling prices and corresponding monthly payments, contributed to the swap and penetration between Tiers 2 and 3. During this year’s fourth quarter, CAF’s net loans originated was nearly $2.1 billion. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 8.2%, down from 8.5% a year ago and 8.3% in the third quarter. The difference in EPR is primarily a result of the credit mix of customers booking with CAF. CAF income for the quarter was $194 million, an increase of 3% or $6 million from the same period last year. Total interest margin increased $64 million, driven by $42 million in higher interest and fee income from our continued growth in receivables and $22 million in lower interest expense from the past ABS deals that continue to provide value over time. This improvement in CAF’s margin and the growth in average managed receivables more than offset a substantial increase in the provision for loan losses, which was a more normalized $54.4 million in the current year’s fourth quarter versus $4.6 million in the prior year’s fourth quarter. In the prior year’s fourth quarter, the provision for loan losses benefited from the continued reduction in the reserve that was established at the start of the COVID pandemic. The current quarter’s provision of $54 million resulted in an ending reserve balance of $433 million or 2.77% of managed receivables. This is largely consistent with the 2.75% at the end of the third quarter and includes a 3 basis point adjustment for additional Tier 2 and Tier 3 volume originated by CAF. I also want to take the opportunity to highlight a few of the accomplishments made since our last call regarding our online finance experience. As a reminder, nearly 2/3 of our customers begin their financing process on carmax.com, applying on any vehicle in our inventory or simply a requested dollar amount. Our unique finance-based shopping engine, available to most of our customers, allows for multiple lenders to decision a single customer or co-applicants on our entire inventory to provide a full suite of personalized decisions available at the consumer’s fingertips. This tool is incorporated into the search page within carmax.com, allowing the user to sort and filter not only on the vehicles characteristics, but also on important finance terms such as monthly payment and down payment. During the month of March, we further enhanced this experience and are now testing a no-impact-to-your-credit-score feature, along with the streamlined application process that provides real-time credit decisions on our full inventory. We believe that our differentiated multi-lender platform, coupled with these and additional enhancements that are on the horizon, will further strengthen our digital shopping experience. Now, I will turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Jon. Thank you, Enrique. As I mentioned earlier in this call, I am very proud of how we performed in fiscal 2022. We bought and sold more vehicles than ever before through our retail and wholesale platforms. We’ve continued to innovate, to aggressively invest in core areas of our business and to pursue new growth opportunities. As a result of these efforts, we’ve achieved double-digit year-over-year growth in our market share, and we believe we are well positioned to take even more share. We have continued to build out new and enhanced capabilities, and as those capabilities have come to market, we have continued to see positive returns. Some highlights from this year that will have a lasting impact are, first, enabling online self-progression capabilities currently available to approximately 90% of our customers with full availability for every customer anticipated by the end of this first quarter. Next, leveraging our online instant appraisal offering to buy a record number of cars directly from consumers, which enable us to nearly double our self-sufficiency as we drive – as well as drive sustainable wholesale unit growth. Also, transitioning CAF’s legacy auto loan receivable servicing system to brand new technology, which provides CAF a modernized foundation for growth and allows us to enhance our customer experience. And finally, rolling out the finance-based shopping capabilities that Jon just described, our e-commerce engine, combined with our unparalleled nationwide physical footprint, is a key value to our customers and helps us provide what we believe is the best experience in the used car industry. Our ability to offer seamless integration across digital and physical transactions gives us access to the largest total addressable market and is a key differentiator, one that we will continue to enhance. In regard to our fourth quarter online metrics, approximately 11% of retail unit sales were online, up from prior year’s quarter of 5%. Our wholesale auctions remain virtual, so 100% of wholesale sales, which represents 23% of total revenue, are considered online transactions. Total revenue resulting from online transactions was approximately 31%. This is up from 17% in last year’s fourth quarter. Approximately 55% of retail unit sales were omni sales this quarter, up from 51% in the prior year’s quarter. In the fourth quarter, we bought approximately 162,000 vehicles from customers through our online instant appraisal. That represents about half of our total buys from consumers. This fiscal year, we bought approximately 707,000 cars through this channel, again, representing roughly half of our total buys from consumers. Going forward, we will continue to evolve our online and in-store capabilities to enable a more seamless experience for our associates and customers. I would like to highlight 4 key areas of focus for FY ‘23. First, as John mentioned earlier, we are deploying a more sophisticated version of our finance-based shopping capability that enables real-time decisions and offers our customers the ability to pre-qualify for a loan with no impact to their credit score. Second, adding self-service capabilities to enhance in-store interactions, including appraisals and express pickups. Third, growing vehicle acquisition through attracting new customers and pursuing partnerships as we expand our appraisal offering to dealers and other businesses. And finally, continuing to leverage data science, automation and AI to improve efficiencies and effectiveness across our buying organization, business offices and CEC. Again, we are very proud of the strong results for fiscal ‘22 as they are in large part due to our relentless focus to provide our customers the best experience in the industry. We are in a strong position moving forward, and we will continue to invest and innovate to achieve profitable market share growth. During our Analyst Day last May, we announced long-term targets of achieving 2 million combined retail and wholesale units sold and $33 billion of revenue in FY ‘26, up from $1.2 million and $19 billion, respectively, during FY ‘21. Though we don’t anticipate updating our targets annually, our strong performance in FY ‘22 has given us a new perspective on these targets that we believe is appropriate to share at this time. We’re revising our FY ‘26 targets to reflect a range of 2 million to 2.4 million combined units with revenue between $33 billion and $45 billion. These ranges reflect the macro factors we had earlier that could result in ongoing volatility in consumer demand and vehicle pricing. In regard to market share, I’m excited for the future and confident that we will expand it beyond 5% by the end of calendar 2025. Last, but most importantly, I want to thank all of our associates for the work that they do. They are truly the keys to our success. Just yesterday, Fortune Magazine named CarMax as one of its 100 Best Companies to Work For for the 18th year in a row. I’m incredibly proud of this recognition as it is due to our associates’ commitment to supporting each other, our customers and our communities every day. I want to thank and congratulate all of our associates. With that, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open, sir. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess I’m curious about the online instant appraisal tool. Just a number of questions about that. How would you assess your competitive positioning and the competitive landscape in that market? How are you different? Are you putting enough marketing spend behind that effort while you have this competitive advantage? And then Bill, I think you mentioned plans for fiscal 2023 to roll this out to other dealers. Maybe you could shed some light on that?
Bill Nash: Sure. Good morning, Craig. There is a lot in that question. So first of all, I feel really great about our IO success. I think it’s really been so successful because of a bunch of reasons. One, I think it’s really the experience and the ease of use of the product. I think it also has the backing and the brand recognition of CarMax, and I mean, let’s not forget, this is what we do. We’ve been buying cars from consumers since 1993. We have started advertising, obviously, for it. If I look at the fourth quarter and think about our advertising spend, we break it down between kind of brand awareness and acquisition awareness. I would tell you. The acquisition awareness, we spent a little bit more on vehicle acquisition awareness this past quarter than we have in previous quarters, so we feel good about the advertising. Now I think, obviously, I think everybody in the marketplace is benefiting a little bit from higher valuations, but I think that’s the minority of the bump that we’ve seen, so we’re excited about that. As far as my comments earlier, yes, look, first of all, we’re going to continue to improve that experience for our consumers. But we’re also – we’ve been testing and we will continue to roll this out to make it available to other dealers. It’s an easy way to get rid of inventory that they are looking to get rid of as well as we will look for other partnerships where we can leverage this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Sharon Zackfia: Thanks for all the color on the long-term plans. I’m sure everyone is interested in kind of how you can pivot in the current consumer environment, particularly with used car prices where they are. And you talked a little bit about kind of passing on some better prices to consumers in this quarter, but I’m wondering. First, I guess, if you have any kind of additional insight on how much stimulus might have benefited you in the year ago period, both in the fourth quarter and in March now that you’ve lapped that? If there was any distinct Omicron impact that was isolated to the fourth quarter? I think that would be helpful to know. And then just given where gas prices are and used car prices, are you seeing any kind of falloff in demand for SUVs? How are you pivoting for that? And then are you shipping average age of your inventory somewhat older to try to make the price points more affordable? I know there is a lot there, but I think it’s important to kind of cover all of that, sorry. It’s like a 12-part, one-part question.
Bill Nash: Yes. That’s a creative way to get like 14 questions into the first one. But look, I’m happy to take all of them. So let me start, first of all, just on your – the last two, the gas prices. Look, for the quarter, we really didn’t see much of an impact on gas prices as far as a shift. If I look at gas guzzlers from a sales standpoint, very similar year-over-year. So I do think that’s an area that we need to continue to monitor as we go forward. We have seen an uptick, for example, in things like EV searches, and Edmunds has seen that as well. But we’ve certainly navigated that before and been very successful as consumers want something different. We’re right there for them. So I’m really not worried about that, and we will be able to pivot on that. Your question on average age of vehicles, we did – from a retail standpoint, we did see a shift to a little bit older car, which obviously is a little bit cheaper. I think the mix, if I’m looking at 0 to, let’s say, 0 to 4 year-over-year, I think there was about 10 points which changed from that bucket into the little bit higher, maybe the 5 to 7 bucket. So we have seen a little bit of shift there. And again, the beauty of our business is, as we see customers looking for different types of inventory, we make sure we get that inventory out there. So we feel good about that. As far as just commentary around the comps, look, I highlighted a whole bunch of different things that are macro factors that I think are weighing on the overall used car industry. If I had to rank in order of magnitude, and again, this is – it’s hard to exactly quantify each one. But I would probably say that the high prices are at the top of the list, followed by the COVID surge. We did see a COVID surge in January. And then I think coming out of the COVID surge, I think it kind of transitioned into this whole lower consumer confidence. And then I also think the lapping of the federal stimulus. There was some stimulus came out last December, January time frame, primarily more in January, and then there was even more stimulus coming out in March. So I think – that certainly weighed in on the quarter. And I think it’s also probably just adding to the softness as we look into the first quarter as well. How did I do it? Did I get all your questions?
Sharon Zackfia: Yes, I think so. I will get back in the queue. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Alright. Thanks, Sharon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just on the SG&A run rate, the $130 million in overhead cost, is that kind of like a good baseline to assume for that particular line item going forward? I’m just curious how does that toggle with any changes on the volume side, given things are a little weaker in the near-term? And then maybe if you could comment on CAF, given like the somewhat worsening affordability environment. How confident are you in terms of being able to pass through any benchmark rate increases or widening in ABS market? How confident you – in terms of you being able to pass that through to the consumer in this kind of environment? And if you’re not able to do that, how should we think about the implications to the CAF business? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes. I’ll let Enrique talk about the SG&A. And then the CAF business, we will let Jon answer that, so.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. So, Rajat, I want to make sure I understood your question. Are you talking specifically about other overhead or just over SG&A as a whole?
Rajat Gupta: Other overhead.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. So other overhead this quarter really was it’s a continuation of our investment in our technology spend and also costs related to growth. So you got to keep in mind the tremendous amount of cars that we’re buying through the A lane, to the appraisal lane, as well as an increase in our wholesale business. So I would say that was certainly up this quarter. I would expect it to continue to be up. I think taking a step back, though, in taking a look at overall SG&A and all its components. Heading into next year, we do expect, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to need in excess of the 5% to 8% growth in growth profit in order to lever, and that really has to do with the timing of our investments this year. We were successful in staffing the business up. As you recall at the beginning of the year, we had some staffing challenges and we ramped up that staffing throughout the year, and that will comp into next year. So really, when we look at that higher and 5% to 8% gross profit for next year, it’s driven primarily by that timing of that staffing investments that we need to continue to grow this business.
Jon Daniels: Yes. Rajat, I can take the affordability question. Appreciate that question. Yes, I think we’ve mentioned before in the kind of the non-CAF customer, lower credit spectrum customer, certainly, we feel affordability is maybe often price them out of the market. You can see that probably reflected in our Tier 3 percentage of sales. But if you look at the CAF customer, I think there is impact there as well. If I look at kind of the micro aspect here, customer last year was coming in purchasing a $20,000 car, maybe putting $1,000 down. Now they are coming in and they are financing $19,000 in that case, they are coming in and they are borrowing $28,000 and they – if they saw that same $1,000 down, they are asking for $27,000. CAF has a decision to make, as all lenders do, are they going to let that person borrow that much more money? So there is an affordability question there. I think what we are seeing is, in the case of CAF, and we will speak to our penetration this quarter CAF was not necessarily just allowing someone to borrow that $27,000. Potentially, their income didn’t increase at the same level as their requested amount. So there are other lenders out there that maybe were willing to provide that larger dollar amount, so that did affect our penetration. People are taking longer terms out there. Right now, you see a much higher prevalence of used car loans higher than 72 months. It’s clear, it’s marked year-over-year. CAF actually does not provide a loan greater than 72 months, even though people are trying to manage that affordability through term. That may or may not be the right decision for them, but CAF is exacerbating that. So I think there is a couple of things that affect the penetration and are clear impacts of affordability for the customer. The last thing to your point on rates, we clearly have seen a signaling that rates are going to go up. They have gone up initially. They are going to probably continue to go up this year. The back half of this quarter, CAF actually did do some price testing up. We’ve often shared where we will price test down or up randomly. We did a movement up this quarter. We did see that clearly impact our penetration, but we think it’s the right thing to do as we manage our margin. We think as prices go up, we will continue to do that testing, and we think other lenders will follow in kind or be compressed. So we will pass that along as we see fit. We want to remain highly competitive in the marketplace, but yes, we want to make sure that we’re managing margin as well. 
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And Rajat, just to expand a little bit on that SG&A. I think it’s important to remember as well that we’re focused on capturing the opportunities in our transforming and fragmented industry, right? So whether it’s the right time to invest for us, and whether there is periods of strong industry performance or more challenged industry performance like we faced in the fourth quarter, our goal is to take profitable market share, which as Bill talked about in his prepared remarks, we do believe in the fourth quarter, despite sales being down that we still have market share in our segment. And again, that is our objective as we continue to move forward, which means we’re going to continue to invest. It’s just a huge opportunity for us, and that’s where we’re going to continue.
Operator: I’ll take our next question from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is [indiscernible] on for Brian Nagel. Good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: So the question that we wanted to ask was on the nature of the deceleration in the used car business from fiscal Q3 to fiscal Q4. You talked about the factors previously. How should we think about the factor of declining consumer confidence? When did it come about in Q4? And how should we consider this dynamic into fiscal Q3?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think, as I said earlier, consumer confidence was obviously one of the factors. I think we actually – right after we saw the COVID surge, I think as we’re kind of transitioning out of that, we started to see kind of just lack of consumer confidence. And I think that’s a very similar situation that we’re in right now, just for the reasons that we talked about. From an affordability standpoint, you’ve got interest rates going up. Inflation, you’ve got the Ukraine-Russia war. There is just a lot weighing on the consumer right now. So as far as when that turns around, I don’t know. But again, I think to Enrique’s point earlier, I mean, we’re going to continue to manage this. We’ve managed through cycles like this before, and we think we’re in a position to do it in a way that we can continue to gain market share.
Operator: We will go next to John Healy with Northcoast Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Healy: Great. Bill, I just wanted to ask kind of a big picture question. You’re talking about affordability kind of being a headwind to the business, which makes sense. Which makes us all kind of realized that with higher rates, maybe values need to come lower. So maybe you could give us your thoughts in terms of the relationship between unit and ASP, and maybe how you think ASPs and the used car market kind of maybe fluctuate over the next 6 to 12 months? And with that, is there still a lot of confidence that you guys are going to protect GP potentially at the expense of same-store sales? And is the $2,100 GP kind of benchmark, in your view, achievable even in a kind of softening used car market where maybe values and what you have in inventory maybe are pressured a little bit?
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning, John. Thanks for the question. First of all, the affordability, while you’re right, it’s a headwind for retail, it’s actually good for wholesale, as you saw our wholesale margins. And I think that’s one of the benefits of having the diversified business because as you saw, our GPU for wholesale was up. I think the unit ASP, if you’d ask me, probably 3 or 4 months ago, I would have said I was hoping later this year, we will see some relief. I’m just not sure. Especially given the war in Ukraine and Russia, I’m not sure new car supply is going to come around later this year, that’s to be determined. I think that’s a big factor that will help mitigate just some of the overall price inflation in both new and used cars. But what I will tell you is, though, to your question about GPU, I think that we’re in a great spot. I mean, if you look at the benefit we’ve got with self-sufficiency, and I talked a little bit about that, we – everybody is seeing inflationary pressure as well. The nice thing is we have a lever that’s offsetting those inflationary pressures. So if you didn’t have a lever offsetting inflationary pressures, that’s obviously going to be either cutting into your margin or it’s going to be raising your average selling prices. And then we still have benefit left over beyond that to pass along to the retail consumers. And I think our self-sufficiency benefits are still kind of maturing. I think there is more potential there and how we manage that and how we do our offers, that kind of thing. So as I think about the future, even if you get into a depreciating environment, which we have shown over time in a depreciating environment, we are still able to maintain very consistent GPUs. I think with self-sufficiency, I think with our diversified business which the CAF profit that can be generated wholesale – additional wholesale profit that can be generated I think we can maintain very good margins per unit as well as having great retail front prices. So I think we’re well positioned for however the market, if it’s going forward.
John Healy: Great. Thank you, guys.
Bill Nash: Thanks, John.
Operator: We will go next to Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Hey, thanks, guys. Wanted to ask one, just on the tax refund season, I mean, I think they started earlier this year and total dollars paid are actually up. Enrique, I think you mentioned you hired proactively ahead of tax season. So I’m curious, did you guys see the expected pickup maybe in transit as those got paid out? And have the trends you’ve seen as tax refunds got paid out changed your opinion of the underlying health of the consumer kind of as you look for the rest of fiscal ‘23 ahead of us?
Bill Nash: Yes, Daniel. I think when I look at the tax season this year, I think it’s very representative of what we saw last year. Now remember, last year, it was a late tax season in comparison to what we normally see. So this year was – timing was very similar last year. I do think the refunds are a little bit higher this year versus last year. But I think the other complicating factor that you don’t have this year that you had last year was the stimulus that was paid out in January and March, so it’s really hard to decouple all that. I would just go back to my comments on the consumer confidence earlier, which is – which, I think, is – regardless of the kind of the tax season, I just think the consumer isn’t as strong a position as they were a year ago.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani: Hey there. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask, if I could, on the capacity front. If you could just bring us up to speed now in terms of some of the incremental hires that you were looking to do and the ability to recondition the vehicles in light of some COVID disruptions, etcetera. Do you feel that you all are kind of appropriately staffed now, able to get kind of the full recon work through that you would have hoped for? So, that was kind of the first question.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, we feel great about both our capacity, production capacity and our staffing at this point. Pretty much the whole year, first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, as I talked about trying to get staffing ramped up, I talked about lower inventory. And coming out of the third quarter, I had made comments. Look, we are well on our way to getting inventory to where we need to be. I don’t think inventory was necessarily a big topic for the fourth quarter. When I look at our inventory levels, I always look at it on a kind of a per average store, and have always been historically, on average, it’s about 320. We are not quite at the 320. But I would tell you, I don’t think it was a big story. I do feel like we have got the capacity we need. We obviously can – right, currently, we have – we can build more than 1 million cars a year. And the capital expenditures that Enrique talked about earlier, that’s all part of our natural planning process. As we look out to the future, we already have some production facilities we are working on, but these are additional production facilities. As well as just given the success of our wholesale business, we want to make sure that we can accommodate all the space. So really, it’s just us doing business as we normally do it.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. From a CapEx perspective, we are really just matching our capacity to the longer term demand. And like Bill said, it’s just natural kind of steps we are taking, just being very thoughtful in our approach to capacity expansion to make sure that over time, we can meet the longer term targets that we have set out there.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the only difference in the capital expenditures, which Enrique has called out on a couple of different calls now, is just the stepped-up investment in technology. Just as a bigger percent of our overall CapEx spend.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, it’s actually fairly interesting. And I talked about this on Analyst Day, but if you go back a few years, about 15% of our CapEx spend was on technology. And now that we have been transforming our business, as we look to this year and next year, we are looking at about 30% of our overall CapEx spend is related to technology, so certainly, not in the direction of becoming omni-channel retailer.
Michael Montani: And then one of your major competitors did an acquisition in the wholesale channel recently. And I guess what I wanted to do is build on the comment you just made. So, do you feel that given the step-up in CapEx spend towards tech, and then given some of the alternative profit opportunities you have, do you think that there is enough in-house, or is there potentially an opportunity set to kind of bolster the core capabilities inorganically?
Bill Nash: Are you talking about from a production capacity?
Michael Montani: I think one is just on the wholesale business, right? You guys have done a great job this past year there. Is there an opportunity to potentially grow that platform even faster inorganically? And then also as it relates to the tech side, given the stepped-up investment in CapEx, is that kind of adequate, or potentially, is there some inorganic capabilities that you might be targeting as well?
Bill Nash: Yes. No. Look, we feel great about the auction business. As you know, we continue to run that 100% virtual right now. When you think about the CapEx, your auction expense is a lot less than your overall production expense. Because production, you are building out facilities, they are expensive. Auctions you just essentially need space at this point. I mean there is some build out on some larger auction facilities, but – to hold this inventory. But we feel great about the plans and are very comfortable with how we have been operating, and the fact that we can continue to grow the wholesale business, really, at a quicker pace than just kind of along with the normal growth that it sees when it’s growing as we sell more retail cars.
Operator: We will go next to Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. There has been a fair amount of talk about market share on this call. And I know you don’t measure market share on a quarterly basis, but in the fiscal fourth quarter, according to CAF, the used vehicle retail saw a decline 4%. Your unit sales on a retail basis declined more than that, so you would have lost market share. Can you please give us some sense as to, is that because you are protecting GPU, or are there other reasons why you might have lost market share in quarter?
Bill Nash: Yes, Seth. When we look at market share and even in the fourth quarter, we had great market share growth, and we go off of Pulp data, which is title data. The reason we only look on an annual basis is because it was really like a two-month to three-month lag there. So, we are very confident that we gained not only market share for the whole year, but we gained not only market share for the whole year, but we gained it for the fourth quarter. And as my comment said earlier, we feel really, really good about market share gains in the first quarter despite what’s going on in the macro factors. And when I look at the market share, it doesn’t matter if you break it down zero to 4-year-old cars, 5 years to 7 years, 8 years to 10 years, we got double-digit growth in all those buckets. So, we feel great about it. And the other thing I would point out is that market share growth is primarily – it’s coming through comps. It’s not like we have opened a whole bunch of new markets, and that’s what’s driving the market share, which, again, we are excited about.
Seth Basham: Got it. Okay. And then just a follow-up on the CAF business, if you don’t mind. Your loan loss provision was in a normal range, I guess you framed it, Jon. And as you think about the credit environment now and then going forward, we have seen deterioration. But from your perspective, you don’t expect any further deterioration, so there is no need to further increase your loan loss redos going forward?
Jon Daniels: Yes. Fair comments, Seth. Yes. No, I would say just point to our reserve-to-receivable ratio steady from last quarter to this quarter, we mentioned we felt like we were kind of returned to pre-pandemic levels. We think we are there. We feel really good about our reserve right now, and we have a good handle on the business. . So, if all things perform as we expect, really, the focal point on the future provision will be on the new originations. And then obviously, there is a mix of Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3 and the volume we originate, but I think we are pretty steady and in a good spot.
Operator: We will move next to Chris Bottiglieri of BNP Paribas. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. So, first question is on the EPP, obviously, that kind of true up given the change in accrual status. How do we think that for next year? Should we just take like a fourth quarter average and that’s kind of like the new run rate, or is it going to be kind of like this year where it’s Q4 weighted on EPP?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I think there are different considerations in EPP, right. The kind of the core business, which is driven by sales and an attach rate from our ESP and EPP products. And then there is a year-end profit sharing that we have with our partners. So, I think on the prior year, I think it’s growing our business, growing our penetration, that will continue to grow. And then the consideration in the fourth quarter this year was that we had more profit sharing revenue than we did last year in the fourth quarter, just our profit sharing was higher. And so given the timing of when we recognize that. If you recall, last year, we actually had one of our partners in profit-sharing revenue that was in the second quarter. They were recognized on a quarterly basis. They have moved in fiscal year ‘22 to an annual basis, so now all of our recognition of profit sharing is in the fourth quarter, which is why we saw a little bit higher this year of profit sharing in the fourth quarter. But taking a look at our business, again, if you take a look at the core sales, you take a look at EPP attachment rates, which has been going really well. We are stable at about 60%, and we would expect that to continue moving forward as well.
Bill Nash: Yes. The only other thing I would add to that, Chris, is our goal isn’t to generate a bunch of profit sharing. I mean we want to have these things priced fairly for the consumer. You got some profit sharing, just – I think it was more driven by people just lack of driving, things like that. But our goal is not to necessarily drive a big revenue recognition at the end of the year.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got it. A bigger picture question on customer sourcing. So, you talked about the instant appraisal business and growth in customer sourcing, I know it’s difficult to tease out. But based on like the age profile of the vehicle that you are buying from those, how much of this is incremental purchases could come from a private party market as a statement of TAM versus do you think you are coming from other dealers, or indirectly, the cars that would have gone to auction or would have been traded in retail? Is there a way to make sense internally for what – like how much of the payment growing versus taking share? And lastly, just a perspective on buyer rates, like once you appraise a car, what’s the buy rate is like today versus where it was pre-COVID?
Bill Nash: Okay. So, Chris, just on kind of incremental share, we are in the process of developing kind of a buy share that looks at vehicles that originally were with the consumer. The last person that they were was essentially with the consumer, and so we are working on a metric there. We feel great about – we have certainly increased that by share. We know that, and now we are just trying to be able to quantify it more. So, that’s something we are looking at. But we certainly are comfortable that the bulk of this are coming from other consumers. As far as the buy rate, Historically, the way we talked about buy rate before instant offer was how many people come into the store and ended up getting an appraisal, and then what did we – what percent of those cars would we actually buy. Then we added the instant online appraisal in the way we buy – we measure buy rate now is you take – because we are issuing probably a couple to 3 million instant offers in a quarter, and there is a lot of folks who just kind of shop and to see what their vehicle is worth. So, the way we calculate buy right now is the instant offers when they show up at the store, how much of those actually convert in addition to the traditional way that we looked at it. And we are in the 40% on buy rate. If you look at it the more traditional way that we used to look at it, it’s probably in the low-30%ish, 30%ish. So hopefully, that’s the color that you needed.
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes, far more complex. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to David Whiston at Morningstar. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning, on CAF penetration, more three-day payoffs. If you were to say fiscal ‘17 or so, it is down, and I am just curious. It looks like, obviously, Tier 2 is taking more business. And is that just an essential thing on your part, or is there something else driving that decline? And then by roughly mid-decade, where do you want your penetration, either gross or net, to be?
Jon Daniels: Yes. I appreciate the question, David. Yes, I mentioned in our earlier comments around affordability, let’s just talk about penetration and appreciate you going back to pre-pandemic levels. Historically, Q4 is not going to be one of the highest CAF penetration quarters, obviously being wedged up against tax time. But that being said, it is down, we are losing penetration to outside financing. I mentioned previously, we really believe this is an affordability aspect. People are coming in looking to borrow more money given the ASPs that are out there. As a lender, we have a decision to make, which is, are we going to ask for more money down. We are going to let them borrow that full amount. In some cases, we are not letting them borrow that full amount that they are asking for given the higher ASP, and perhaps there is another lender externally that’s willing to provide that full amount, even though the income maybe not have gone up at the same level. So, we think we are losing in that case. I also mentioned around the longer terms. People are clearly managing affordability to extending that term. That is far more impactful to lowering the monthly payment than any rate adjustment, so we do not provide a greater than a 72-month term on a used loan right now. CAF does not actually impacted CarMax. None of our lenders do. So, we think there are people out there that are absolutely providing that. That’s been shown in the data. So, I think those two things are contributing to penetration. I also mentioned we did price testing up which, again, trying to be in line with where interest rates are headed to manage our margins. So, we did see some impacts there. So, I think that’s what’s changing the actual penetration for this quarter. To your question of where do we want it to be, I think we probably think more about it as we want to be highly competitive. There are ebbs and flows all the time based on what external folks do, but we want to remain highly competitive and provide our higher-end customers an opportunity to finance internally. But that’s what we love about our platform. You can do a three-day payoff. We do have other lenders pick up stuff if we don’t want to extend the full amounts, and we can still sell the car in CarMax. So, I don’t think we are targeting a penetration, and I would expect it to ebb and flow over time, especially as prices come down.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And I think approaching our CAF business that way is really what leads us to have a really strong portfolio of receivables out there and a really strong and consistent performing business in CAF.
Bill Nash: Well, and I think it’s also the reason that you want to have also other lenders so that if we keep our portfolio in paper very, very consistent, having other lenders there in CarMax’s camp is a great thing.
David Whiston: And let me just clarify something you said. Did you say not only capital, the Tier 2 and Tier 3 partners do not do over 72 months?
Jon Daniels: Right now in the CarMax stores or in the CarMax business, we do not offer a used loan greater than 72 months. It’s something that we may or may not consider in the future. But right now, that is not what we are doing across CAF or our other lenders.
David Whiston: Okay. And do you think inevitably you have going to have to over 72 months?
Jon Daniels: We have chosen not to. Again, we are trying to make the right decision for the customer. We are not necessarily convinced that 84 months is best on a used car, so we will see what the market dictates. And we obviously know that prices are increasing and terms are increasing, but we also expect prices to probably normalize as well, and it might not be necessary. But again, we want to make the best decision for the customer, and we feel like we are still able to sell vehicles without providing that today.
David Whiston: Alright. Thank you, guys.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Sharon, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. I just had a quick follow-up. I know that you have planned more investments in marketing, but CAF really floated up in the fourth quarter. I think it ended up at around $350 million for the full year. Is $350 million like a right run rate? And I am wondering how you think about the guardrails around marketing in an environment where the consumer just may be incredibly distracted?
Bill Nash: Yes. No, great question, Sharon. And look, I think back on kind of pre-pandemic, if I look at our overall advertising spend, we are spending – as we said we would, we said we are going to spend more. We are spending about 70% more than pre-pandemic, which if you look at it on a unit basis, it’s probably about a 55% or so increase on a per unit basis. I think we kind of came right in the range of where we talked about being this year when we started out this year, in that mid-$300 per unit. And I would tell you, I think we are at a point where there are certain things we want to make sure that we advertise and get out there, especially as we have new functionality. And I can’t see us necessarily taking a step back on our advertising. Now, to your question, do you continue to step up, that’s where we will figure out what’s going on in the dynamics, where is the consumer right now, to figure out if we go beyond that. But I think a good way to think about it, is the spend on a per unit basis this year will be similar to what it was for last year.
Sharon Zackfia: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Thanks so much for taking the follow-up. I just want to follow-up on the instant offer with consumers. Right now, consumers having positive equity in their cars, I would think that would make it easier to buy from them just because they are making money on each one. But as we return to negative equity in vehicles over the coming years, do you think that will make it harder for you guys to customer source, or how do you anticipate that impacting your ability to source and kind of have success with instant offer as we return to negative equity? Can you just roll that into financing or how do you handle that?
Bill Nash: Yes. So Daniel, I mean surprisingly, there are still folks that have negative equity out there today, albeit it’s down just because the prices are up hot. But that’s an environment that we have lived in for the last almost 30 years. We have consumers coming in with negative equity. Now you have got, obviously, is this price appreciation, is there a risk down the road that some customers, it may be harder for them because they can’t come up with a big enough down payment or whatever. But again, the way I think about it is – and Jon talked a little bit about this. If you look at loan-to-value, loan-to-values have actually gone down. People are putting more down payments down, so I think that’s a good sign. I think the other thing is all these customers are buying today, it’s not like they are going to all decide to trade in a year from now or 2 years from now or 3 years from now. They are going to be sprinkled throughout time, and we will manage the business just like we have in the past with other customers that have negative equity. So, we feel like we will be able to manage it both from a sales standpoint, but also to your point, on the buy standpoint as well.
Daniel Imbro: Great. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we don’t have any further questions. At this time, I will hand the call back to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Jess. Well, listen, I want to thank all of you for joining the call today and your questions and your support. I look back, FY ‘22 was a great year. It is great sales. It’s great earnings, it’s great market share. We have been making investments and those investments are paying off, and we are really excited about the opportunities ahead of us as we continue to be that positive and disruptive force within the used car industry. And again, I want to thank all of our associates because they are the reason for our success. Appreciate everything that they do on a daily basis, and we will talk again next quarter. Thank you again for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the fourth quarter fiscal year 2022 CarMax earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2021-12-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, David Lowenstein, AVP Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Lowenstein: Thank you, Jerome. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2022 third quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President CAF Operations. Let me remind you our statements today regarding the company's future business, plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations. Please see the company's Form 8-K issued this morning, and its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021 filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Department at 804-747-0422, extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We're very pleased with this quarter. We delivered record levels of used and wholesale sales, as well as EPS for the third quarter. We also delivered all-time high margins in both used and wholesale. For the third quarter of FY ’22, our diversified business model delivered total sales of $8.5 billion up 64% compared with the third quarter of FY ‘21, driven by both higher average selling prices and volume gains. Net earnings per diluted share was $1.63, up 15% from a year ago. Across our retail and wholesale channels, we sold approximately 415,000 cars in total, up 29% versus third quarter last year. For the first nine months of FY ’22, we sold approximately 1.3 million retail and wholesale cars combined, as we set new records in each month. We continue to be the largest buyer of vehicles from consumers. We bought approximately 383,000 cars from consumers in the third quarter, which is up 91% versus last year. And again, we achieve self-sufficiency above 70%. Our customer-centric omni-channel strategy, solid execution and macro factors are driving performance across our company. In our retail business, total unit sales in the third quarter were up 16.9% and used unit comps were up 15.8 versus the third quarter last year. We experienced robust demand as we ramped staffing levels and built inventory. CAF and our credit partners also supported our sales by continuing to deliver strong credit offers, even as our average sales price grew by over 30% year-over-year. We achieved sequential growth and saleable inventory each month within the quarter. While inventory and staffing remain below our targets, we are pleased with our momentum and are confident that we have access to the resources we need to build inventory ahead of tax season, the retail demand will determine the pace. In addition to strong unit sales, we reported record retail gross profit per use unit of $2,235, up $84 per unit versus the third quarter last year. With used car prices at all-time highs, we chose to pass along the majority of our self-sufficiency driven acquisition cost savings to consumers via lower prices. We believe we struck the right balance between increasing our margins and supporting our customers in atomic elevated industry prices. Wholesale units were up 48.5% from the third quarter last year, and gross profit per unit achieved an all-time record of $1,131 compared with $906 a year ago. The strength in wholesale units was primarily driven by the ongoing success of our instant online appraisal offering. We also benefited from still elevated valuations of used autos in the broader market. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF delivered income of $166 million down from $176 million during the same period last year. CAF margins remain strong. Year-over-year financial results were impacted by a $68 million headwind and reserve adjustments. As a reminder, last year's quarter benefited from a reduced provision coming out of the pandemic, and this year's quarter reflects a more normalized provision. CAF and our partner lenders delivered strong offers in all credit tiers. In a few moments, Jon will provide more detail on customer financing and CAF contributions, as well as on the impact of the auto loan receivable systems conversion. Right now, I'd like to turn it over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our third quarter financial performance. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Total gross profit was $837 million, up 32% from last year's record third quarter. This was driven by a wholesale vehicle margin of $212 million, which was up 85%, and used vehicle margin of $508 million, which was up 21% from last year's third quarter. Other gross profit was $116 million, up 18% from last year's third quarter. Favorability in the quarter included $20 million of margin contribution from Edmunds. Other gross profit also benefited from a $12 million improvement in third-party finance fees, with income of $1.6 million compared to a $10.6 million cost last year. This was driven by renegotiated third-party finance fees and lower Tier 3 volume compared with last year. Also, positively impacting other gross profit, EPP was up $5 million or 4.8%. While penetration was stable at approximately 60%, this year's third quarter reflects a $6 million unfavorable return reserve adjustment compared to a $3 million favorable return reserve adjustment during the prior year's quarter. Partially offsetting gross profit favorability, service was down $21 million from the prior year's quarter. This was driven by pressure primarily related to our efforts to grow technician staffing, as well as a shift in some retail service capacity to instead support use car reconditioning. Service gross profit versus the prior year period improved in each month during the quarter, and we anticipate that results will continue to improve into the fourth quarter. On the SG&A front, expenses for the third quarter increased to $576 million, up 34% from the prior year's quarter, due to costs related to unit volume growth and continued investment in our strategic initiatives. SG&A as a percent of gross profit was roughly flat at 68.8% compared to 68.2% during the third quarter last year. The increase in SG&A dollars over the last year was primarily driven by three main factors. First, a $100 million increase in total compensation and benefits, driven by a strong ramp in staffing, a $23 million increase in stock-based compensation, unit volume-related commissions, and the inclusion of Edmunds payroll this quarter versus a year ago. Second, a $22 million increase in other overhead, which includes our receipt of a $23 million settlement from a class action lawsuit. The remainder of the change primarily reflects investments to advance our technology platforms and strategic initiatives, and the impact of COVID-related cost savings in the prior year quarter.  And third, a $17 million increase in advertising expense, as previously communicated to drive customer acquisition and to amplify the CarMax brand by continuing to build awareness of our omni-channel offerings. For the first nine months of fiscal year ’22, SG&A as a percent of gross profit was 66.1%, leveraging approximately three points over last year's nine months percentage of 68.9%. We remain committed to ensuring that we are efficient and effective in our spend. And we expect that our targeted areas of focus will continue to deliver results over time. During the third quarter, from an efficiency and effectiveness perspective, we saw solid improvements in the service levels of our CECs and their conversion of web leads. This was despite the record level of volume that our CECs handled in the third quarter. This improvement was due to a combination of successful staffing ramps, and ongoing utilization of our AI and machine learning processes that drive the right work to the right associates. We also continue to see efficiency gains in our buying organization. The combination of our instant offer program along with the investments we've made in data science, automation and AI, continue to materially drive down our costs per buy. From a capital structure perspective, we ended the quarter with an adjusted debt to capital ratio in the middle of our targeted range of 35% to 45%.  During the quarter, we entered into a $700 million term loan agreement primarily to support the growth of our total inventory dollars. In regard to our share repurchase program, we remain committed to returning excess capital to shareholders, and repurchased approximately 850,000 shares in the quarter for approximately $115 million. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique. Good morning, everyone. Once again, our finance business has delivered solid results. For the third quarter, CAF’s penetration net of three day payoffs was 42.2%, compared with 45.7% observed last year. Tier 2 increased to 22.2% of used unit sales, compared with 19.5% last year. Tier 3 accounted for 6.5% of sales, compared with 9.7% a year ago. The year-over-year change in CAF penetration was driven by a larger percentage of customers, leveraging cash or outside financing for the purchase of their vehicle, while as CAF comping over a historically high penetration in Q3 of FY ‘21. We continue to observe strong credit offers from our Tier 2 partners as they compete for additional volume within the CarMax channel. These offers along with a decrease in application volume and the lower portion of the credit spectrum contributed to the swap in volume between Tiers 2 and 3.  CarMax continues to provide outstanding access to financing for our customers across the credit spectrum. Our approval rates this quarter remain over 95%, despite financing amounts that are approximately 25% above the same period in 2020. This ability to maintain such a strong credit offering speaks to the value of our multi lender credit platform supported by CAF, and our long-term finance partners. During this year’s third quarter on the strength of record used unit sales, CAF’s net loans originated was nearly $2.4 billion. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 8.3%, down from 8.6% a year ago, and 8.5% in the second quarter. The difference in APR is primarily a result of the change in the credit mix of customers, along with rate testing, that CAF executed within the quarter. CAF income for the quarter was $166 million, down $10 million from the same period last year. This included a more normalized loan loss provision of $76 million as compared to the significantly reduced provision of only $8 million in the same quarter last year that was driven by the continued reduction of the reserve that was established at the start of the COVID pandemic, almost fully offsetting the provision headwind with a year-over-year increase in total interest margin of $65 million or 7.2% of managed receivables. This year-over-year margin increase highlights the strength of our ABS program, the favorable state of the capital markets and our continued growth in receivables. The current quarter’s provision of $76 million results in an ending reserve balance of $427 million or 2.75% of managed receivables. This is up from 2.66% at the end of the second quarter, and includes 6 basis point adjustments to the added Tier 2 and Tier 3 volume CAF is now originating. The adjustment was primarily driven by the implementation of our Tier 2 origination test. Remember, contribution from CAF originations is recognized over the life of the receivables, or the loss reserve is recognized at the time of origination. Note also, that the core portion of the reserve allocated to Tier 1 loan losses, remains well within our historical range of 2% to 2.5%. During the third quarter, we transitioned from CAF’s legacy auto loan receivable servicing systems to brand new systems. The new platform went live in October and included a period of planned downtime and a number of operational areas, including collections and customer service. This required pause in our business resulted in an increase in delinquencies and losses that we expect to normalize over the coming months, as both our systems and processes stabilize. This had an immaterial impact to the loan loss provision on the quarter. Additionally, CAF absorbed roughly $5 million in deployment expense in the third quarter related to items such as temporary contractor support, proactive customer communication regarding the systems change, and added staffing to handle the elevated call volume once back online. We are extremely excited about this new platform that will not only provide CAF a modernized foundation for growth and efficiency, but will also allow us to enhance our customer experience and self service capabilities. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the CAF organization along with the corresponding project teams, who've worked so tirelessly to build in and implement such a transformative solution for both our associates and our customers. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jon. Thank you, Enrique. This quarter continues this year’s strong top-line performance trend. We're benefiting from our investments and are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. We provide the ability for customers to buy a car 100% in store or 100% online, and our omni-channel capabilities allow our customers to personalize their experience with a mix of digital and physical interactions to meet their needs.  As our omni-channel and online sales continue to grow, we have observed that the vast majority of our customers who buy digitally still elect to take delivery in our stores. This is another proof point that our ability to offer seamless integration across digital and physical transaction is providing value to our customers and is a key differentiator for us. In the third quarter, a little more than 9% of retail unit sales were online, up from the prior year's quarter of 5%. Our wholesale auctions remained virtual, so 100% of wholesale sales, which represents 23% of total revenue are considered online transactions. Total revenue resulting from online transactions was approximately 30%, this is up from 20% in last year’s third quarter. Approximately 57% of retail unit sales were omni sales this quarter, up from 49% in the prior year's quarters. We've been focused on completing the rollout of our 100% self-service experience, where customers, if they choose to can independently complete the entire car buying process online. Currently, more than two-thirds of our customers have access to complete end-to-end, unaided online experience and increase from a little over 50% from our last call. This expansion reflects customer's ability to incorporate trade ends without lanes to their online orders. The remaining two use cases that we will be working through during the fourth quarter are paid transfers and trade ends with lanes. In the third quarter, we bought approximately 194,000 vehicles from customers through our online instant appraisal, which represents about half of our total buys from customers. That's a new record, a 4% increase from our second quarter number and a 19% increase compared to the first quarter. This growth supports our belief that we remain the largest online buyer of used autos from consumers in the U.S. We are continuously enhancing our e-commerce offerings to exceed customer expectations and to seamlessly integrate with our best-in-class store experience. In the third quarter, we continued to make progress on our online finance experience by expanding our finance-based shopping or FBS capability. FBS enables our customers to see personalized finance terms from multiple lenders across the full inventory of vehicles on our website, which is a key differentiator in the retail marketplace.  Roughly 75% of our customers are able to enjoy this experience today. And going forward, we are working towards adding the remaining customers and integrating additional lenders to this experience. Additionally, during the fourth quarter, we will be launching a more sophisticated version of the tool and increasing the speed of digital decisions. Again, we're proud of our strong results for this quarter and year-to-date. By delivering the most customer-centric experience in the industry, we will enable sustainable growth and create meaningful long-term shareholder value. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Jerome?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open. You may now ask your question.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning and happy holidays. I guess a question on SG&A per car. I mean, it's been kind of at a double digit percentage rate over the last few quarters. And I know that's comparing against a year ago, capacity restrictions, and lesser investments in the business. But I'm curious what your line of sight is into kind of SG&A per car. We're turning into more of a low single digit percentage increase or even starting to leverage that in the future.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Hey, Sharon, good morning, Happy Holidays to you as well. And three quarters ago in our Analyst Day, we communicated kind of the new way that we were looking at SG&A, which is SG&A as a percent of gross margin or gross profit dollars, as we believe that's much more reflective of how we actually run the business, and more reflective of our efficiency, because we are investing not only in our used car business, but we're investing in technology and platforms and resources to grow our wholesale business, which certainly we've seen so far this year, and certainly this quarter, as well as our CAF business. So we're investing across the board. So if you take a look at SG&A as a percent of gross profit, that's kind of how we manage the business. And, year-to-date, we've leveraged that by 300 basis points. And our intent is that we will leverage this year, when it comes to SG&A, and our plan is to leverage that into the fourth quarter as well.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, great. Thank you. And then a follow-up question on new car pricing. I mean, there's a lot of debate amongst investors on how much companies such as yourself are benefiting from used car prices. So, is there any way to disaggregate what you think the benefit is, particularly maybe in wholesale GPU from prices, as opposed to the initiatives that you've done that have increased the appraisal volume in general from the online arena?
Bill Nash: Yeah, Sharon. When I think about used car prices, on one side, it's a bit of a headwind, on another side it's a bit of a tailwind. I think, you've hit the area where I think it's more of a tailwind, which is wholesale. So anytime used price valuation goes up, that's a good thing for organizations are buying cars, and certainly it’s a good thing for us. As I think about the wholesale growth or just our growth and self-sufficiency in totality, I would still go back to that we believe that the majority of that growth is really a result of some of the innovations, things like instant appraisal, the instant offer that we have on for appraisals, I think that's driving the majority of the growth. Because even if I go back to the first quarter where we didn't see it was prior to kind of this continued ramp up and valuations, we saw a huge increase in wholesale and just overall buy. So while it is hard to your point to disaggregate the two, I think we believe that the majority of the increase is driven by things that we're doing internally.
Sharon Zackfia: Great. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Sharon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rick Nelson with Stephens. Your line is open.
Rick Nelson: Thanks a lot. Good morning. Nice quarter. I’d like to follow-up on me online penetration, it was 9% up from 5% a year ago, but yet, that stayed stable sequentially. Any thoughts on why we didn't see that grow sequentially?
Bill Nash: Yeah. Good morning, Rick. It was up a little bit. But you're right, it was fairly a small increase from the last quarter. And, as I think about it, one of the reasons that we got our self-progression up to about two-thirds was because we added some functionality to the trades that don't have liens. And we added that more to the latter part of the quarter last year. And I think what we're really seeing is we're giving customers options to do different things.  So while they may think, okay, I'm going to do an online sale, as I said in my opening remarks, some people are still -- they're coming in and wanting to deliver in the store, they want to do a couple things in the store. So I think a big driver is just options. We give consumers options and so they may think they're going to do one thing, and they actually take a different path, which that's what we're all about.  We don't care which way a consumer wants to buy or how they want it delivered, we just want to make sure that we're giving them the most personalized experience. I'd expect to see this percent continue to go up. But again, it's going to be more driven by the customer's behaviors than us forcing anybody to go one way or the other.
Rick Nelson: Okay. Thanks, Bill.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning and happy holidays. My question has to do with affordability. With your ASPs up over $6,000 to more than $28,000, are you seeing the high prices crowd out, any segment of your customer base, especially among your less affluent consumers?
Bill Nash: Yeah. So, Craig, I think this goes back to a little bit of Sharon's question where I said, we've got some headwinds, we've got some tailwind. When you think about ASPs, the tailwind is more on the wholesale. The headwind, I think there is a little bit of a headwind on the retail side. While you're benefiting from less new cars that are out there so you’re probably getting some new car customers that are looking for higher selection, the fact that the price is up. I think that does pinch some consumers out especially at the lower end of the credit spectrum, it could make it more difficult for them. This is also the reason why we stay very focused on trying to make sure we can continue to pass along efficiencies to customers, just to make sure that we can give them as good a deal as possible, which, again, is why we took a lot of our self-sufficiency gains and put it through in prices.
Jon Daniels: Yeah, Craig, and I'll just accentuate that comment, I made my prepared remarks. I think this makes us feel all the more better given the ASPs on our 95% plus approval rate on those that did come through the door. And our lending platform and our lenders down in that space still able to provide strong quality offers. So certainly, recognize it can be a challenge down there, but we feel like we have the credit to provide those customers.
Craig Kennison: Great. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Craig.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Aileen Smith: Good morning, everyone. This is Aileen Smith on for John. I wanted to ask a question and circle back to one of the targets that you provided at your Analyst Day back in May, which was to sell 2 million vehicles per year by 2026 across the retail and wholesale channels. At the time, your volume levers were closer to the 1.2 range. But based on where 4Q lands, you're probably going to be close to 1.6, 1.7 for this year, which is impressive.  So first question relative to when you provided that outlook six months ago, what segment of the business has been performing perhaps better than expectations? Retail or wholesale? And second, what factors would you attribute to this, more so increasing inventory through sourcing efforts or making progress with your customers on omni-channel or other offerings?
Bill Nash: Yeah, so the way I think about it is, we've been pleasantly surprised by some of innovations. We expected to increase sales, both wholesale and retail, and which is why we set the goal out there. Obviously, wholesale has been very strong, but so is retail, top-line retail has been strong as well. So we're very pleased. And, I think it's a little too early. We just put those targets out there, not that long ago, but we'll be reviewing those targets probably later on in the year after the year-end and potentially updating. But I think it's a little early at this point.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yeah, I would agree with that. And I think, we've said on our previous calls, our performance and our instant offer has really exceeded our expectations. We put that product out really in the first quarter and it just has taken off. It's resonated with our consumers, it's resonated with the marketplace. And that has really driven a good part of our business through self-sufficiency, but also driving wholesale business as well.  So that has exceeded our expectations. And it's gotten -- our instant offer program has gotten stronger every single quarter. So second quarter was stronger than the first, third quarter was stronger than the second. So it seems to be building momentum out there in the marketplace.
Aileen Smith: Great. That's helpful. Thanks for taking my question.
Bill Nash: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Rajat Gupta with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to follow-up on just the labor and capacity situation today. How comfortable are you with the pace of hiring and the level of staffing that you have at your stores, just to serve the demand that is to come in the near to medium-term? And I had a follow-up?
Bill Nash: Yeah, we feel, like I said in my prepared remarks, we feel great about the momentum both in inventory and staffing. If I look at staffing, just for the quarter, we hired more than 2,000 associates. And obviously the majority of those are in the field and the customer experience center. So we're on a good trend there. We’re a little wide where we'd like to be and also this is a time of year where we start to ramp up for the traditional tax season.  But we feel great about that. We also feel great about our ability to produce cars. As I said earlier, we're sequentially building every single month and we've continued that trend early into this fourth quarter. We're very confident that we can get both to where we need that we've got the resources and the wherewithal to take care of both.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. That’s helpful. And just kind of follow-up on CAF, you’ve increased your Tier 2, Tier 3 mix within CAF over the last few quarters. And if I compare it to two years ago, it looks like your third-party Tier 2 mix is also higher, whereas you've also increased the Tier 2 mix within CAF. So just curious as to like, what's changing in your overall customer base in general? Is there like a more permanent shift taking towards maturity on three months? Or, is this just more a one-time thing, just curious how that's going to change and how that impacts the business?
Jon Daniels: Yeah, appreciate the question. Yeah, so within the Tier 2 percentage, obviously, you saw that that went up within the quarter. A couple things going on there, penetration or the amount of sales that a Tier or a lender will take is certainly a function of those that are applying for credit.  We did mention that there was less volume down in the lower kind of subprime space, that'll take volume from Tier 3. But I think also very important of note is that the credit offers from our Tier 2 lenders has been spectacular, and they're probably pulling some volume up out of Tier 3, which is positive, obviously, from a participation standpoint. So that’s strong. Obviously, you did recognize the CAF is in the Tier 2 space as well, so we're taking some volume there. But I think the combination of the credit quality that are applying, and then the Tier 2 strength of offers is what's changing in the Tier 2 and Tier 3 space.
Rajat Gupta: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Good morning. Nice quarter. Congratulations.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Brian.
Brian Nagel: So the question I want to ask, probably a bit of a follow-up some of the prior questions. But look, there was definitely a nice acceleration in the used car business from fiscal Q2 to fiscal Q3. Bill, you talked in your prepared comments about and in some of the responses to questions about the inventory, maybe the inventory constraints lighten up. I guess my question is, how should we really think about this acceleration? What were the key factors behind it? And was it more supply more demand driven? And then, I recognize you don't give guidance. How should we consider maybe its sustainability what we're seeing in the business at least as of the end of Q3?
Bill Nash: Yeah. So Brian, thank you for the question. First of all, I got to give a shout out to the team because they've done just a phenomenal job from an execution standpoint, taking advantage of the opportunities. Like I did say, I think the fact that we have been light in inventory, especially in the second quarter, and how we've continued to work through that, I think that's a big factor.  I think the staffing is another big factor, because we're understaffed in the stores and our customer experience centers. We continue to make enhancements on our omni-channel experience. If I think about just year-over-year, online and omni-channel this year was roughly, let's call it 66% of sales, a year ago it was 53% of the sales. I think passing along efficiencies in pricing, last quarter was really the first quarter that we had seen self-sufficiency above 70%. And we saw that continued through this quarter being able to pass those savings along I think were also a good thing. So I think there's a lot that's playing into, and it's really hard to say, okay, well, this piece of it or that piece. We felt great about the quarter, they were strong every month in the quarter. And you're right, we don't give guidance. But I'll tell you, we're pleased with the start of the fourth quarter.
Brian Nagel: Perfect. And then if I could follow-up to that as we think about the business, what constraints are still in place? Is it inventory, labor, other things? And then how should we think about those constraints abating again, and just over the next say few months or whatever?
Bill Nash: Yeah, I think you hit labor, I think labor is one that we'll continue to focus on. While we've made great progress, we want to hire some more folks there. And that's pretty much across the whole organization. So I think that's another one that we're continue to focus on making great progress, as well as inventory. We'll continue to build out inventory. But like I said earlier, I think we have the resources and we are on the right path to make sure that we'll be able to get our inventory to where it needs to be in time for any type of tax time sales. And I'll tell you the other thing is if I look over the next year, we're also -- as part of our planned growth we have roughly let's call it 10 new production centers opening up, some of them are part of geo, some of them are part of the expansion plans that we'd already started. So we've got the resources we need and we're on a good trajectory. But those are I think shorter-term focuses for us certainly.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Brian, what I would add to that is between the improvements in staffing and certainly the physical capacity that we have today and moving forward. What I’d tell you is that, we have a strong belief that we are operationally strong and ready for growth. So we are well-positioned.
Brian Nagel: Got it. Congrats again. Thank you. Happy holidays.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: You too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning. My first question is regarding the self-sufficiency ratio, which was again up over 70% this quarter, second time in a row. But this quarter, we saw your retail unit comps really accelerate and your GPU be much stronger year-over-year than last quarter. Can you help us understand the dynamics that are driving those big changes from one quarter to the next?
Bill Nash: Yeah, I think I spoke a little bit about the comps and all the factors that kind of drove that in there. I mean, obviously, the self-sufficiency is at a high for entire second quarter. We were able to pass those efficiencies along. And like I said in my prepared remarks, what we're trying to do is walk a fine balance here. We know prices are up 30% for us, we know that puts pressure for some customer.  So we're really trying to make the vehicles as affordable as possible. We'll continue this quarter, just like we did last quarter, we continue to look at inventory levels, test elasticity, check competitors inventory, there's a lot of things that go into this. But I do think we struck the right balance, both from a margin standpoint, kind of coming in historically high. If you look at recent margin ranges for the last few years, I think we came in high on that. But still, we're able to pass along some great efficiencies to the consumers.
Seth Basham: Right. Just to follow-up, last quarter we didn't see as much improvement in GPU or comp. Is the delta between last quarter and this quarter, therefore due to market forces, such as the difference between market retail and wholesale prices? Or is there something else?
Bill Nash: Well, I think this is -- last quarter was the first time we'd really achieved self-sufficiency over 70%. And what we did realize last quarter, we pretty much were passing along. What I’d tell you is, if you look at the market, and we don't talk about market here till the end of the year, because there's definitely a lag and you have to look at it on a calendar year basis due to that lag. But, some of the external sources are out there that will tell you that the use car just overall market is either flat or maybe even negative in the last few months. And we think that bodes well for the gains that we're starting to see. So, I think what you're really seeing here is you're seeing a combination of a whole bunch of things that are really kind of came to fruition. Like I talked about all the different things for comp, but I think what you're starting to see there's just a lot of factors that really played in on the third quarter results.
Seth Basham: Good to see. Thanks, congrats and happy holidays.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Seth. You too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Michael Montani: Great. Thanks for taking the question, and congrats on the quarter.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Michael.
Michael Montani: Just wanted to clarify one thing and then had a question on provisioning. But from a clarification standpoint, into the fourth quarter Enrique, just want to make sure I heard you correctly that you all would look to potentially lever to SG&A to gross ratio in the fourth quarter. Just wanted to clarify that first of all, and then I had follow-up.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yeah. No, that's what I said. Our intent is to lever into the fourth quarter.
Michael Montani: Okay, great. And then the follow-up I had was just from a provisioning standpoint, just wanted to understand moving forward, how you all are thinking about basically that line item within CAF? Because obviously, you've got potential for further improvements and unemployment rate and stubbornly high kind of used car prices, which theoretically should help you out. But then there's obviously more Tier 2 that you're doing and so forth. So, now that the reserve has been kind of built up again a little bit, should we think $75 million a quarter more or less, or any color you can provide there would help a lot?
Jon Daniels: Yeah. Great question, Michael. Yeah, if we think about the combination of the reserve and the provision exactly as you stated, our reserve right now metrically uses the 2.75% reserve to receivables. Remember, in there is as you stated Tier 1, but also Tier 2, Tier 3 volume and then some expense for recovery there. If you back out that Tier 1 as I mentioned, we feel like we're getting our normal range of 2% to 2.5% for that Tier 1 business. Also if you look at what we originated in the quarter, $2.4 billion, again, recognizing that there's Tier 1, a higher loss of Tier 2 and Tier 3 in that originations, as well as the recovery expense. But $76 million feels very much close to normal for that size of origination. So I think you're right on the mark here. It's something we feel like we’re at a normal percentage from a loss rate perspective and I would think about that going forward. And one thing I'll point out as a reminder, again, the provision was substantial at the height of the pandemic, a $122 million done back in quarter one of FY ‘21. And as we saw performance improved, really fantastic performance from our consumers, we were able to reduce that provision over time. So the fact that we comped over last year's quarter three is fantastic. So we realize we've still got that comping to do. But yes, agree, we're in a normal environment right now.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Adam Jonas: Thanks, everybody. Happy holidays. So would love to know how online looks on GPU versus the $2,235. Is it higher or lower than that? And as a follow-up, you mentioned, the vast majority of your customers still prefer pickup in store within the online label. I'm curious if you can tell us how many, or what portion of the 9% did opt for home delivery? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Okay. So on your first question, online GPU, it's the same as in the in store. It doesn't matter if you buy it online or in store, the GPU is relatively the same. As far as the 9% online sales, the way we think about it is we speak to it more alternative delivery, which is includes home delivery as well as express pickup. And when I think about that, that percent of just total sales, obviously, is less than 10%, with the bulk of it being more express pickups where the customers come into the store, they've already filled out everything and maybe one or two little things to do, but we get them in and out and very quickly. So, that's the bigger share versus the home delivery.
Adam Jonas: Yeah. I didn't know if you want to specify that. You did say vast majority, I just didn't know if it was 90% of the 9% or 70% of the 9% just for home delivery.
Bill Nash: For home delivery, it's a much smaller percent of that.
Adam Jonas: Alright, we'll leave it there. Thanks, Bill.
Bill Nash: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. I just had a quick follow-up on the credit, and then have another credit question. So the first one, it sounds like in response to Mike's question, like Michael Montani's question earlier, like there was no impact, I mean, the system's impact. You seem to imply there is some kind of impact on gross losses recovery, but then said like it wasn't having to provision. So I’m just trying to triangulate those two, like was there any impact on gross losses recovery this quarter? Or is it more like just on the overhead expense?
Jon Daniels: Yeah, fair question, Chris. Yeah, as I said in my prepared remarks, a big systems change a lot of -- a fair amount of disruption that we are fully expecting and planned for. But as we've come online and caught up with the volumes, we've seen those delinquencies trend down to more normal levels, but absolutely no impact. And we believe it's immaterial on the full lifetime loss of the portfolio. And so that's obviously nothing in there in the provision and the corresponding reserve.
Bill Nash: Yeah, just to add on that, Chris. It was immaterial last quarter and anticipation of it, it was immaterial again this quarter.
Chris Bottiglieri: That’s helpful. Okay. And then just bigger picture question. Can you elaborate more on the lower rates on new loans this quarter, compared to last quarter? And you mentioned, like kind of rate testing, your peer made a -- a large online peer made a similar comment last quarter. Just timing feels a little bit unusual to the experiment cutting rates, and we're actually seeing the inverse happening where the markets raising rates now, in terms of like the Tier rates.  So I guess, like, first question is with that backdrop, have you found customers historically become more rate sensitive when rates rise? And is that the motivation for testing? And then like, just using some kind of historical precedent how should we think about the impact on rates to customers in periods where funding costs go up? Like how big of a lag is there between passing those rate increases through?
Jon Daniels: Yeah, great questions, Chris. Yeah, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, yes, we did execute some rate testing this quarter. It's what we do, we're always trying to keep an eye on what the market is doing. We can Look at a number of metrics internally, again, our capture rate or our booking rate, which results in our penetration, three day payoffs, a number of metrics we can keep an eye on. But most importantly for CAF is as the sole Tier 1 lender, we want to be highly competitive for our customers, provide the best possible offers we can. So it made sense. We just wanted to get the pulse of the market. We did some rate testing, and we're watching that very carefully. As you mentioned, certainly the Fed did come out and signal that there's going to be rate increases in the future. Again, we'll manage that as we always do. We'll look at what the peers do, how the market reacts often in a rising rate environment. To your point, you will see a lag there, it won't get passed along to the customer right away.  We're not looking to get out in front of that. We'll again remain highly competitive in our rates. And we will test as we always do accordingly, we will watch how the market is moving, what those take rates are. And then if it makes sense to pass along to the customers, we will. But if it impacts sales to cars, or the experience or our CAF capture rate, then we may not. So the testing will drive what we do.
Bill Nash: Yeah, and I think the great thing about CAF, Chris is that they're not just focused on maximizing their own profit. The beauty is they're working on profit, but they're also working to help maximize sales. So our decisions may sometimes vary from other players that are just purely in the finance arena.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. It makes sense. Thanks for the help, appreciate it.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bellinger with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
David Bellinger: Hey, good morning, thanks for taking my question. I want to ask nearly 200,000 vehicles sourced from consumers through the instant appraisal. Can we get a sense of just how many offers you're making each quarter? Is the conversion rate improving sequentially? And given all the data you're now armed within deploying more effectively, are you seeing better engagement or even repeat activity from past customers?
Bill Nash: Yeah. Good morning, David. On the Online offers, as you can imagine, we make a lot of online offers. Some of the customers are just really shopping for their value, and they're not really interested in selling or even buying a car. So, we're making a couple million offers a year. As I think about the conversion, really the way we've talked about it in the past is, the customers show up at our store they are there to get their vehicle appraise, whether they haven't had it appraised online, or whether they have had it appraised online. We look at the buy rate from that standpoint. So if I look at the traditional appraisal lane, where a customer hasn't had it appraised online, we're really seeing mid 30 buy rate, which is great. On the online side, as you can imagine if they've already had their vehicle valued online and they're showing up at the store, then that certainly is going to be a higher buy rate. So it pulls the overall by rate up. But I think, I don't think we should look at it necessarily, as of the ones that have offers, how many of them actually sold. We do see some good improvement there. But that's not really how we think about the business.
David Bellinger: Got it. And anything on the repeat activity, you see more engagement from past customers in terms of the instant appraisal.
Bill Nash: You know what, David, I'd have to go back and look and see how many of them are customers that have had an appraised price. I don't have that number off the top of my head.
David Bellinger: Okay. Well, thanks for the call. I appreciate it, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. I’m curious if you don't mind looking forward ahead in the future a bit. I'm just curious what your thoughts are on as the chip shortage improves a new vehicle inventory over the say the next 18-months. Will that cause use pricing to crash kind of hard and abruptly? Or do you see a soft landing? And if you see a harder landing, are you worried about your customers perhaps having too much negative equity that they may stay out of the store and stay out of the market in ‘23?
Bill Nash: Yeah, it's a tough question to really gauge when I think the chip shortage will kind of correct itself. I mean, whatever I tell you is probably going to be wrong. What I believe will be we'll start to see some relief maybe latter part of next year. I think it's not going to be like a faucet that just automatically turns on overnight. So as more chips are available, more new cars are available, you'll start to see the impact on used vehicle prices. I think, anytime sales prices are up 30% year-over-year, I think there is a risk that down the road, there could be some more negative equity out there. But I can tell you we've been in business a long time, we've been through a lot of cycles up and down. And we've proven that we can work through any such factors, whether it be negative equity, whether it be depreciation in the marketplace. And I would actually tell you, I think we are able to handle that and do a much better job than anybody else just given our experience. So stay tuned. It's hard to know when we'll get some relief on just overall used car prices. And just one other thing on the previous David's question while on the IO the team here informed me I misspoke. It's actually, I think what I said was a couple million dollars a year, it's actually a couple million per quarter. I misspoke. I meant to say quarter versus year. So I just wanted to clarify that for him as well.
David Whiston: Okay. And you talked about mitigating negative equity, is it possible to CAF can be more aggressive in a negative equity situation?
Jon Daniels: I don't think that we're going to necessarily adjust our underwriting given a particular situation of where ASPs are and negative equity and all that. Again, all in all, CAF being the captive lender, a great environment to always think about sales and capture that in our decisions. But again, we want to underwrite a strong credit customer. We're going to be ABS market, we need a solid book of business. So, I just think we are very focused on delivering sales and credit quality.
Bill Nash: Yeah. And we deal with negative equity customers all the time. The CAF team does a phenomenal job there, just like our third-party lenders do.
David Whiston: Okay. Thanks.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we don't have any further questions. At this time, I'll hand the call back to Bill, for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you all for joining the call today and your questions and your support. As I said earlier, we're really excited about the opportunities in front of us. And as I always do, I want to thank all of our associates for everything that they do, how they take care of each other and our customers. They are really the reason for our success and why we remain such a positive disruptive force in the used car industry. So I wish all of our associates and all of you a happy holiday season, and we'll talk again next quarter. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes third quarter fiscal year 2022 CarMax earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-09-30 09:00:00) =====
Bill Nash: Good morning and thank you for joining us. As you read in our earnings release this morning, we delivered a record level of used sales for the second quarter and all-time record for wholesale vehicle sales, as well as robust CarMax auto finance income growth.  For the second quarter of FY22, our diversified business model delivered totaled sales of $8 billion, up 49% compared with the second quarter of FY21, driven by higher average selling prices and volume gains. Net earnings per diluted share was $1.72, down $0.07 from a year ago as we rolled over last year’s pandemic-driven expense reductions and also continued to invest in our growth. Across our retail and wholesale channels, we sold approximately 420,000 cars in total, up 20% versus the second quarter last year. For the six months of FY22, we have sold approximately 872,000 retail and wholesale cars combined. We also bought 59% more cars from consumers in the second quarter this year versus last year and achieved record self sufficiency of approximately 70%.  Our omnichannel platform, unique customer offerings, solid execution and macro factors are driving performance across our company. In our retail business, total unit sales in the second quarter were up 6.7% and used unit comps were up 6.2% versus the second quarter last year despite headwinds from inventory levels, staffing, and overall used car valuations. Our teams made steady progress in building our saleable inventory during the quarter and we achieved sequential growth each month despite the strong retail demand that carried into the second quarter. While it remains below our targeted levels, we are on pace to grow our saleable inventory during the balance of the year. In addition to strong unit sales, we reported $2,185 of retail gross profit per used unit, in line with our historical second quarter performance. For wholesale, units sold were up 41.4% from a record second quarter last year. Wholesale gross profit per unit was $1,005 compared with $1,086 for the same period last year. The strength in wholesale units was primarily driven by the ongoing success of our instant online appraisal offering that rolled out nationwide on carmax.com in February after launching on edmunds.com last year. We also benefited from still elevated valuations of used autos in the broader market. CarMax auto finance, or CAF continued to deliver solid results with income of $200 million. In addition, CAF and our partner lenders delivered strong offers in all credit tiers, though we did see a sequential decline in Tier 3 volume relative to the first quarter. John will provide more details on customer financing and CAF contribution shortly. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our second quarter financial performance, followed by John. After that, I’ll update you on the progress against our strategic priorities and then open up the call to Q&A. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone.  Total gross profit was $815 million, up 8% over last year’s second quarter. This was driven by wholesale vehicle margin of $189 million, which was up 31%, and used vehicle margin of $507 million, which was up 5% from last year’s second quarter. Other gross profit was $120 million, down $7 million from last year’s second quarter. Favorability in the quarter included $22 million of margin contribution from Edmunds since our June 1, 2021 acquisition. This was on revenues of $34.5 million, which is noted as advertising and subscription revenues in the earnings release. Other gross profit also benefited from an $18 million improvement in third party finance fees with income of $3 million compared with $15 million in costs last year. This was driven by lower Tier 3 volume compared with last year and our renegotiated third party finance fees.  Offsetting this favorability, service was down $40 million, primarily the result of rolling over of favorable items from the prior year’s quarter and short term headwinds during this year’s quarter. Specifically, we comped over last year’s COVID-related cost reductions. Additionally, we experienced higher 90-day warranty cost timing stemming from the significant increase in sales during the first quarter of fiscal year ’22 compared to last year’s first quarter. We also realized lower retail service margin as production capacity was focused on reconditioning retail cars. Also impacting other gross profit, EPP was down $6 million or 5.4%. While penetration was stable at above 60%, last year’s second quarter included a benefit of approximately $8 million in profit sharing revenues that was not recognized this year due to a timing shift in the performance period for one of our providers. On the S&GA front, expenses for the second quarter increased to $574 million, up 30% from our COVID impacted quarter a year ago and as we continued to invest in our strategic initiatives and growth. As a reminder, last year during the pandemic, we took aggressive cost containment actions particularly during the first half of the year. SG&A as a percent of gross profit was 70.4% compared to 58.8% during the prior year second quarter.  The increase in SG&A dollars over last year was primarily driven by three main factors: first, a $55 million increase in total compensation and benefits driven by staffing and sales growth and by the inclusion of Edmunds payroll this quarter; second, a $41 million increase in other overhead due to investments to advance our technology platforms and strategic initiatives; third, a $35 million increase in advertising expense as previously communicated to amplify the CarMax brand, build awareness of our omnichannel offerings, and drive customer acquisition. We estimate that the COVID-related cost savings in SG&A in the prior year quarter was between $25 million to $30 million. For the first six months of FY22, SG&A as a percent of gross profit was 64.8%, leveraging five points over last year’s first half rate of 69.3%.  We remain committed to ensuring we are efficient in our spend and we expect that targeted areas of focus will continue to deliver improvements over time. We achieved an additional reduction year-over-year from our core CDC cost structure during the second quarter. Additionally, our omnichannel capabilities will unlock new opportunities as we leverage automation to reduce expenses and streamline operations. For example, our online instant offer program in resulting in more efficient buying organization as we continue to leverage the power of automation, AI and data science. On capital allocation, our ongoing focus is to deploy capital in our business to grow market share and deliver long-term shareholder value. That includes investing in digital capabilities to enhance all aspects of our omnichannel experience, such as online vehicle acquisition which is already generating a strong ROI. We also continue to invest in the strategic expansion of our store footprint and look for additional paths to create incremental value.  In regard to our share repurchase program, we remain committed to returning excess capital to shareholders and repurchased approximately 1.8 million shares in the quarter for approximately $220 million. Now I’d like to turn the call over to John.
Jon Daniels : Thanks Enrique and good morning everybody.  Once again, our finance business has delivered outstanding results. For the second quarter, CAF’s penetration net of three-day payoffs was 43% compared with 42.6% a year ago. Tier 2 decreased to 21.6% of used unit sales compared with 22.3% last year. Tier 3 accounted for 7.2% compared with 11.1% a year ago. As a reminder, last year CAF decided to strategically route a portion of its Tier 1 volume and all of its allocated Tier 3 volume to partners to preserve the high quality of its portfolio during the start of the pandemic. These changes were rolled back by the end of Q2 last year. During the quarter, we observed strong offers from our Tier 2 partners as they competed for additional volume within the CarMax channel. We also saw a decrease in application volume and conversion to sale for applications in the lower portion of the credit spectrum. We believe these decreases are due in large part to the higher average selling prices seen across the industry. During this year’s second quarter on the strength of record used unit sales, CAF’s net loans originated was nearly $2.4 billion. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 8.5%, up from 8.2% a year ago but down from 9% in the first quarter. Similar to the first quarter, this year-over-year difference in APR is a result of the change in credit mix of customers rather than an increase in the rate charged. For our portfolio, overall interest margin increased to 7.2% versus 6% in the same period last year, resulting in a year-over-year increase of $65 million or 33%. This strong net interest margin highlights the strength of our ABS program and the favorable state of the capital markets. Given we recognize income over the life of our loans, we will benefit from this higher net interest margin across multiple years. CAF’s income for the quarter was $200 million, up from $147 million a year ago. This significant year-over-year increase comes as a result of the stronger net interest margin and higher receivables. Our expense related to the provision in the second quarter was $35 million and resulted in an ending reserve balance of $398 million for the second quarter, or 2.66% of managed receivables. This is in line with the 2.62% at the end of the first quarter while also reflecting a modestly higher percentage of Tier 3 loans in the portfolio as a result of our decision to retain 10% of Tier 3 volume. We believe our future outlook on losses and corresponding reserve is appropriate given the current macroeconomic environment. With regard to our lending platform and specifically where CAF participates across the credit spectrum, we are constantly evaluating the landscape and remain committed to making decisions that we believe are sustainable in the long term and in the best interests of our customers. During the second quarter in coordination with our business partners, we began a small test of CAF originating in the Tier 2 space. Much like when CAF entered Tier 3, this test will remain in place at low volumes for an extended period as we take the time to understand both the Tier 2 customer and how CAF’s participation in this space can best enhance the range of credit options, improve the customer experience, and drive profitability. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you Jon, thank you Enrique.  I’m very proud of how our teams have driven strong results this quarter across our diversified business model, and we’re excited about the incredible opportunity that lies ahead. We’ve intentionally built our omnichannel platform to give every customer the ability to progress to a sale or a buy, regardless of how they shop with us. We’ve found that most customers don’t want to shop for a car in a way that is tied solely to an in-store or digital experience. While we provide the ability for customers to buy a car 100% in-store or 100% online, our omnichannel capabilities really differentiate CarMax by enabling our customers to personalize their experience with a mix of digital and physical interactions to meet their needs. In the second quarter, approximately 9% of our retail unit sales were online, consistent with our first quarter and up from the prior year’s quarter of 3%. As a reminder, we consider it an online retail sale when a customer completes all four of the major transactional activity remotely, so that’s reserving a car, financing the vehicle if that’s needed, trading in or opting out of a trade-in, and creating a sales order. Our wholesale auctions remains virtual, so 100% of wholesale sales, which represents 21% of total revenue, are considered online transactions. Total revenues resulting from online transactions was 28%. This is up from 24% in the first quarter and up from 18% in last year’s second quarter.  Approximately 55% of retail unit sales were omni sales this quarter, flat to the first quarter and up from the prior year’s second quarter of 49%. Omni sales are those where our customers complete at least one of those major transactional activities remotely.  We’ve been focused on completing the rollout of our 100% self-service experience, where customers can independently complete the entire car buying process online if they so choose. Currently, a little more than 50% of our customers have access to a complete end-to-end, unaided online experience. We are on track to bring this capability to all of our retail consumers by the end of the fiscal year. Remember, while rolling out access to these capabilities will enable more customers to complete a 100% self-service online experience, all customers currently can buy a car online with assistance from an associate. In the second quarter, we bought approximately 188,000 vehicles from customers through our online instant appraisal, which represents about half of our total buys from customers. That’s a 15% increase from our record first quarter number. This growth supports our belief that we’ve become and are further expanding our position as the largest online buyer of used autos from consumers in the U.S. We are continuously enhancing our ecommerce offerings to exceed customer expectations and to seamlessly integrate with our best-in-class store experience. Let me share a few examples. One of the areas we’ve enhanced is our financing process. Nearly 65% of our finance customers start their loan process online with a pre-approval application, and as of the second quarter 100% of those customers now receive a digital decision that includes customized loan terms. A majority of those customers through no additional time or effort are provided digital access to their personal financing terms on every care in our inventory, allowing them to shop with more confidence. In addition, what differentiates our experience is the ability to provide these inventory-wide credit offers using multiple finance partners, including CAF. This ensures we provide our customers with the most attractive rates and terms. We’re excited about our progress on this crucial part of the car buying journey. We also continue to advance what we believe is industry-leading digital merchandising, which is critical to providing customer an immersive experience with our inventory as they shop remotely. This quarter, we added 360 degree interior views from the driver’s side and the back seat of the vehicle and continue to advance vehicle hotspots, which are call-outs to help the customer understand key vehicle features. We also continue to leverage artificial intelligence to ensure that our photos are consistently high quality to best represent our inventory. We’re hearing very positive feedback on these advancements that help customers understand and fall in love with our vehicles as they shop online. In relation to our acquisition of Edmunds, we’re very pleased with our progress as our teams have hit the ground running on new innovations. We will continue to invest in the Edmunds brand and work together to unlock opportunities to compete across the larger used auto ecosystem. We are really proud of the quarter and the significant progress we have made in advancing our omnichannel strategy. We are well positioned to deliver the most customer-centric experience in the used auto industry, which will enable sustainable growth and create meaningful long term shareholder value. With that, we’ll be happy to take your questions, so Kevin?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning Brian.
Brian Nagel: David, congratulations on the new role.
David Lowenstein: Thank you.
Brian Nagel: I guess the question I want to ask, and I know you talked about this a bit in your comments, but as we look at this quarter and the 6.2% used unit comp, maybe you can help us better contextualize that. I mean, against that backdrop and clearly with COVID, coming out of the COVID crisis, a lot of the internal initiatives, is there a way to think about that number on a more normalized basis? How is it tracking versus what you view as the real health, the underlying health of your business?  Then as a follow-up, just from a positioning standpoint, you and your team are talking more and more now about used cars together with wholesale cars as a measure of overall sales. Does that reflect more a strategic shift on the part of CarMax? Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you for the questions, Brian. On the first question, look - we’re really pleased with the roughly 6% comps, and I say that because you also have to put a little context around the environment. We had several headwinds that we also faced during the quarter. First of all, inventory - inventory is lower than where we want to be. It’s probably about 30% off of--at the end of the quarter, probably about 30% off of where we would normally target. In addition to the inventory headwind, we were understaffed and we still are understaffed, but not to the degree. We were understaffed pretty much across the board, and that’s important not only because it hinders our ability to hit our SLAs, but in some cases we just weren’t able to get back with customers, which is never a good thing, and so we’re working on that. Then I think also just a broader macro thing is just the used car valuations. I mean, year-over-year the acquisition prices are up about $6,000, and I think Enrique talked about in his opening remarks--or Jon talked about in his opening remarks about how that may push some used car customers just out of the market. I think when you take the comp in that light with those headwinds, those headwinds when you add them all together are material headwinds, so we feel great about the comps for the quarter and we also feel great about the overall progress. On your second question, how we talk about used and wholesale, yes - we do talk a little bit differently about that, but I think that really goes back to a little bit of what I talked about on analyst day, which is--you know, people always think about us as this used car retailer, and that is in fact great, but we’re much more than that. We’re a great retailer, a great wholesaler, a greater financier. We’ve added Edmunds, we’ve got dealer services, and it really goes to this broader used auto ecosystem, so that’s really kind of the change as to why we talk about both.
Brian Nagel: That’s helpful, Bill. Just a follow-up on the initial question, is there a way to quantify what that 6.2 would have been had you not faced these headwinds in the quarter?
Bill Nash: Yes I’ll tell you, Brian, it’s hard, and I’ll give you one example. The inventory being that down, that substantially down inventory would be just in itself a significant headwind. Now, I will tell you, I don’t think the normal elasticity applies right now because a lot of folks are under-inventoried; but what I will tell you is we feel like when you take all three of those things and add them up, they’re material headwinds, so again we’re pleased with how the quarter came out from a comp perspective and just overall.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. The inventory dynamic has been, I think, pretty obvious throughout the quarter for anyone kind of looking at your website. What is your line of sight into getting inventory back into kind of more normalized levels? I know you mentioned you expect it to continue to improve, as it did during the August quarter, but is this something where you’re three, six months out? To quantify, is it a staffing issue, is it the acquiring of vehicles that’s the issue? Help us understand where the pinch point is right now on the inventory side. 
Bill Nash: Thank you Sharon. Well first of all, it’s not acquiring the vehicles. I talked in my opening remarks just about the fact that we’re approximately 70% self sufficient, so it’s definitely not the sourcing. As I talked about with Brian’s question, it certainly has been a headwind and it really all relates back to what happened in the fourth and the first quarter. The fourth quarter is typically a time when we build our inventory up - we weren’t able to do that because of COVID and some winter disruption production, then we had record sales in the first quarter, so we’re still digging out of that hole. Like I told Brian, we’re about 30% light to target, we’re about 15% year-over-year. If you look at last year’s second quarter to where we’re this second quarter, we’re about 15% light. We did make great progress sequentially every month. We grew our inventory, and look - we plan to continue to build inventory over the rest of the year, and I think the timing is really going to be--when we get back to where we want to be will really depend somewhat on the demand. As far as staffing, yes - during the quarter, although we were able to build inventory, we did have some headwinds even on the staffing side; but again, I think staffing in general, we’re making great progress. We made great progress staffing across the board throughout the quarter and we continue to make great progress in this quarter as well.
Sharon Zackfia: I know you mentioned to Brian that it’s kind of hard to quantify the impact of the inventory, but I’m curious if you’ve seen conversion go down, just because obviously every used car is like a snowflake and if you don’t have as broad an inventory, you have to be losing sales. Is there any way to look at conversion as a metric that might indicate what’s been left on the table?
Bill Nash: Yes, I think conversion was down a little bit. We look at conversion a couple different ways, both conversion from when they start top of funnel, but then also in the store. The store was fairly strong, but up top of the funnel we saw conversion go down, which we think is a great opportunity because we’ve always said--you know, one of the main reasons people don’t buy from us is because we don’t have the vehicle they’re looking for, and that certainly is magnified when your inventory is down.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Nelson with Stephens.
Rick Nelson: Thanks, good morning. Wanted to follow up on CAF and the strategy to more Tier 3 business at CAF. Can you compare the profitability of a Tier 3 unit sale to a third party lender, and what are the risks, I guess, with this strategy?
Jon Daniels: Sure, yes. Appreciate your question, Rick. With regard to a Tier 3 unit, so Tier 3 sale from a finance perspective, obviously there is generally a higher cost to fund, there’s a higher risk customer there, but it’s going to be just a little south of maybe a more prime loan, if you will, so depending on the funding environment and obviously the APR we can charge, but say in that $2,000 to $2,100 range if you’re able to capture all the finance economics potentially. But there is higher risk there, so there’s a funding aspect there.   Now obviously with our partners, we were able to renegotiate fees. We’re currently paying $750 to those Tier 3 loans that our partners pick up, and obviously we mentioned beginning--over the course of Q1, we started taking about 10% of the volume within the Tier 3 space. We’re happy with that volume and we appreciate it, and we’ll continue to assess the mix that we should have. But ultimately for us, we want to make sure that whether we take more Tier 3, our partners take more Tier 3, we want to make sure that we are able to provide great credit offers to those customers. In our current credit platform construct, we feel we do that, so those are the economics at play that answers your question.  But again, we love the way it’s constructed today and we provide great offers to those customers.
Bill Nash: Yes, and Rick, the only thing I would add to that, whether it’s Tier 3 or Tier 2 for that matter, it really is about balancing the sustainability of the program, the profitability, and then the customer experience, so we take all that into consideration.
Rick Nelson: Fair enough. Thanks and good luck.
Bill Nash: Thank you Rick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.  Bill, the surge in vehicles sourced from your online appraisal tool is really impressive. Do you have a feel for what those sellers would have done without the tool - would they have shown up at a CarMax store, would they have gone to another dealer, would they have sold through some person-to-person listing service? Where are they coming from?
Bill Nash: Craig, I think--look, we’re pleased with the online. I think we’re getting a lot of incremental units there, because even our traditional appraisal lane is still very strong. I’m not sure where they would have gone, but we absolutely feel there’s a tremendous incremental value there by the fact that we are offering this service, so maybe they would have gone and sold in other channels, I don’t know which channels, but we feel good about the incrementality.
Craig Kennison: And what percentage of online offers are you able to purchase, and does that tell you anything about the competitiveness of your offer?
Bill Nash: Yes, so our buy rate--you know, traditionally how we’ve talked about the buy rate is through our appraisal and our trade--appraisal lane buy rate is still--I mean, it’s very high, it’s in the low 30s. On the online offers, the way we really look at this at this point is if you get an online offer, because think about it, we’re putting millions of online offers out there each quarter. The way we think about it is, okay, once we’ve put an offer, of those customers how many show up at the store, and of those customers that show up at the store, how many of them actually sell? As you can imagine, that buy rate--the customers that show up with an online offer that actually sell is actually much higher than the traditional A-lane. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta with JP Morgan.
Rajat Gupta: Great, thanks for taking the questions. Just had a question on some of the investments that you had made in the second quarter. Clearly advertising picked up, the other investments picked up, you’ve added more headcount. Could you give us any color on how much of this has started to benefit comps? Maybe if you could give us some color on how September is tracking, that would be useful. Then just on GPU, given the rising used vehicle pricing environment you’re back in again, great August into September, likely into October-November as well, you’ve previously given us some color on [indiscernible] number for retail GPU. Any similar color you could provide us for fourth quarter as well? That’d be useful, and that will be all, thanks.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Hey Rajat. With regard to SG&A, we firmly believe that now is the right time to invest in growing our business. We’re very bullish about our future, given the strength and trajectory of our business, and we’re going to continue to invest in our growth, we’re going to continue to invest in the omni and ecommerce functionality as we move forward. But we are on track by the end of this year to offer up to all of our retail customers 100% self sufficiency online, our self service online. We’re going to continue to invest in the acquisition of customers by marketing.  The investment in marketing is something that we had communicated last year, that we were going to step up our marketing advertising and other channels as well. Again, we believe we have a superior platform and we want to make sure that we’re communicating that in an effective way to our consumers, but at the same time there’s also a very targeted ROI opportunity in advertising as well that we’re investing in, and then lastly we’re going to continue to invest in the acquisition of vehicles. The instant offer program that we launched that has had tremendous success is just an example of one of those investments that just provides an outstanding ROI, so we’re going to continue to invest. Now that being said, we do expect to lever over the longer term because at the same time that we’re investing, we also have cost efficiency plays, whether it’s the CECs or whether it’s the buying organization or whether it’s other channels as well. We have opportunities to get more efficient in how we work, and so we’ll continue to do that. But I think it is important to remember that we’re on track with our investments, we’re on track with our performance at this point.
Bill Nash: Yes, and Rajat, the only thing I would add to that is on the--like, the advertising for example, we’re really pleased with the performance of that. We saw about a 19% increase in web traffic. Our average flow to our website was about--it’s a little more than 34 million a month, so that’s another example where you feel like the investment’s paying off. As far as the second part of your question, the GPU, it’s a great question. I kind of think about--we’re in a very similar situation today that we were last quarter when we talked about this. We’re constantly testing. A couple quarters ago we talked about doing some broader scale testing just because of some of the other factors, some of the other profit channels that were coming through the organization, and while those still exist, just like last quarter, we really wanted to make sure--you’ve got to monitor the macro factors and does it make sense. You’ve got to look at your inventory levels, you’ve got to understand the elasticity which, again, we’re still getting the read on elasticity with the tests that we always have going, you want to see what competitors are doing, and it just didn’t make sense to deviate more from that historical trend that we have on margins. At the end of the day, we want to have very, very competitive--competitively priced inventory. I think with the self sufficiency, that certainly helps.  I think going forward, how you should think about the third quarter is probably GPUs more in line with historical averages, just like the second quarter was.
Operator: Thank you. Again ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question or a comment at this time, please press the star then the one key on your touchtone telephone. Our next question comes from Michael Montani with Evercore.
Michael Montani: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to follow up on the cadence of the comps throughout the quarter and then to start the third quarter. From our work, it looked like the trends had accelerated nicely into August and basically could have been up double digits into September, so just wanted to see if you all would comment on that, if you could do it quantitatively, and if not that, if you could provide some color as to why trends may have strengthened, if it’s inventories or enhanced multi channel.
Bill Nash: Yes, good morning Michael. Obviously I’ve already said we’re pleased with overall comps for the quarter. We had positive comps every single month and we really continue to trend. It started since March. March was not only a record, all-time high record, but it was a record for the month. April-May-June-July-August have all in their respective been a record month for us, so we feel great about that. To your point, we’re also very pleased with the start of the third quarter. Now, obviously we’ll talk more in detail about that at the end of the third quarter.
Michael Montani: Okay, and then if I could, just on the margin front, two questions there. One was some folks had been anticipating a little upside on GPU due to pretty inelastic demand at the moment. Just wanted to understand if there’s something we need to also consider in terms of the volatility of the pricing in the environment, or if perhaps there’s more investment you all are making. Then the other one was just on advertising spend for the year and if there’s any kind of cost reductions to consider as we cycle 3Q and 4Q. What you called out in 2Q was helpful, $25 million, $30 million.
Bill Nash: Okay, yes. On the margins, look - we’re always looking at our margins, and I know we probably have some competitors where the big spike up in average selling prices, they’ll take more margin. You’ve followed us long enough to know that ASPs don’t really drive our margins. We feel very comfortable about where our margins are. For us, it’s about making sure we get a great margin but also having great prices, so again to the question I answered earlier, I think the third quarter, you can think about margins more in the historical trend. Could you have taken more margin? Yes, but again, we’re in this for the long haul and we want to make sure our prices are super competitive all the time, and we feel great about that.  I’ll let Enrique speak to the advertising.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, so two questions. On advertising, we had communicated earlier this year that our expectation for advertising on a per-unit basis for this year was going to be similar to what we spent in the back half of last year, so somewhere in the mid-300s per unit, and we’re on track so far this year and our expectation is that we’re going to meet that for the full year. In regards to comping over COVID and the $25 million to $30 million that we estimate that last year was kind of one-time savings, that was really focused on the front half of the year. There still are some of those that will carry over into Q3, but not to the same level of materiality as what we saw certainly in the first two quarters of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning. My question is around GPU and the pricing environment. Bill, maybe you can comment on what’s happening with wholesale price trends and retail price trends through the quarter and how that’s impacted your retail GPU.
Bill Nash: Yes, so obviously retail, if I look at it from a mix adjustment standpoint, retail pricing was up about--from an acquisition standpoint, was up about $6,000. Wholesale was up probably around $3,000, so both are--actually as long as I’ve been doing this, those are the biggest jumps I can remember ever seeing. Now, I think the fact that self sufficiency is so high for us, I think that provides us a lot of opportunities as we go forward because that comes into play on not only a margin but your pricing structure. I think during the quarter, what we saw was--you know, we came out of the first quarter very high elevated prices. It hung in there for a little while. We then actually saw a little bit of depreciation take place, but surprisingly it started to appreciate again, so when we went back, I think we finished the quarter probably at the high that we finished the first quarter. It’s a very interesting dynamic. I can only speculate - you know, maybe because of the chip shortages, it looks like it’s going to be longer than I think what people originally thought of for new cars. I think maybe there’s some folks out there buying more used cars to replenish their lots since they’re not going to have new cars, but it is an interesting dynamic that we’re seeing.
Seth Basham: Yes, so the fact that prices started to appreciate again after the back half of your quarter unexpectedly should indicate that you could have captured incremental margin on those unit sales, so your GPU exiting the quarter was probably stronger than it was in the beginning of the quarter? Is that the right way to think about it?
Bill Nash: No, I would just think that pretty much--you know the way we manage our GPU really doesn’t--it doesn’t take into consideration the average selling prices. There’s other factors that go into that, so I would think it’s fairly consistent throughout the quarter is the way you should think about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Jonas: Why are you guys still buying back stock? I mean, you have such an unbelievable--once in a generation growth opportunity, you’re up against competitors that have a license to lose money and zero expectation to return cash. I understand the business spins off cash and everything, but isn’t it time to change the philosophy and just double down on the growth of the business and cut the buyback stuff?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Like you said, we generate--we’re blessed with an operating model and a business model that generates a significant amount of cash, and we’re making the investments we think are the right investments at the right time, can generate our growth, and we still--still with that in mind, we believe we have excess cash to buy back stock and return it back to shareholders. We’re not holding back on our level of investments, and you can see that in our spend and in our capex, that we are investing aggressively. We’ll continue to do so and even in that scenario, we have enough cash to buy back shares. We are not holding back on our investments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America.
John Murphy: Good morning guys. Just a question on two pressure points. First on inventory, it certainly seems--Bill, you just alluded to and based on what we know on the new vehicle side, that this inventory shortage on the new vehicle side is going to persist well into next year and certainly probably past mid next year, calendar year 2022. I’m just curious if you think the dynamics will be relieved until we get there, and then also as you think about the staffing levels, finding folks at reasonable prices is getting harder and harder, so that cost inflation on the SG&A side and staffing up might be difficult as well. I’m just trying to understand if you can change strategy, alter strategy, or just change your growth strategy as you fight through these two macro factors, and when they’ll be relieved, because it’s kind of masking all the good stuff you’re doing and it’s muddling the story, but it’s not your fault and they’re macro issues that you’re just going to have to fight through.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think whatever I tell you on the chip situation, probably the only thing I can guarantee is I’ll be wrong; but I do agree with you, I think it’s going to persist throughout this year, which could keep used cars at an elevated--you know, it will persist through this year and, I think, pretty much through next year or a good part of next year, which will keep prices elevated. But it’s also the reason why I’m so excited about the investments we’ve made in vehicle acquisition and things like our instant offer, because that really helps to offset some of those headwinds and really gives us a lot of opportunity. Like I said earlier, we’re making strides, continuing to get our inventory up, so we feel good about that. On the staffing, look - we’ve always invested in our associates. They’re the reason of our success, and during this time period, you know every employer is out there looking for staffing, and we’re no different. We’ve continued to invest more in this quarter in our associates, we’ve made pay changes that we feel really great about. We also--look, for 17 years in a row, we’ve been one of the best places to work, which is a great thing from an employer brand standpoint, so again even on the staffing side, we feel great about the trajectory that we’re going on. So yes, there are some headwinds there, but we’re progressing both on the inventory side and both on the staffing, and feel great about some of the opportunities that we have that things like self sufficiency and IO give you.
John Murphy: Is it fair to say, or maybe just a follow-up, the SG&A leverage is going to be difficult to get through this period of macro pressure? It just seems like--I mean, you guys have executed incredibly well on same store sales and grosses despite these headwinds. I think some people are concerned about it, but then what you’ve done this quarter is pretty remarkable on the grosses and the volumes. Are you going to be able to get SG&A leverage until we get through the end of calendar year 2022? It just seems like it’s going to be hard to pull off. What’s your thought about that and where should we think about that inflection point?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, we certainly are in investment mode, as we’ve made clear, and you can go back to our analyst day. We’re really focused on driving our top line. We are focused on driving market share and meeting and exceeding our target that we laid out there, which is greater than 5% market share by FY26, and that does require investments like we’ve been talking about, the investments in the different areas that we mentioned, certainly.  Will it be harder to leverage? Well, in that kind of environment it is a little harder to leverage, right, and our expectation is that our gross profit will continue to grow, it will grow robustly, and on the back of that gross profit growth, there are opportunities to leverage specifically for this year for the entire year. Our expectation continues to be that we should be able to leverage for this year. It’s hard to look quarter to quarter. You just can’t look in quarter to quarter just because there’s so many things that pop in and out of a quarter; but for the full year, we feel pretty good about that. Then moving forward, again we are in growth mode and we’re investing accordingly, and at the same time and as I speak to every quarter, we do look at opportunities to get more efficient. There are investments we’re making to drive the top line, there are investments we’re making to help pull out cost as well, and we always have a sharp eye to that, so we’ll continue to do our best on that. At the same time, we are focused on market share growth and the opportunities that lay ahead of us, and we’re really excited about them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ali Faghri with Guggenheim.
Ali Faghri: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Sorry, but another question on retail GPU here. I recognize that retail prices don’t really drive CarMax’s GPU, but just the self sourcing improvement from sub-50% to 70% this quarter by itself should have been a big boost to GPU given the cost advantage from acquiring from consumers versus auction. I know you said you kept your prices competitive, but it also doesn’t seem, at least based on our work, that you are meaningfully outperforming peers on volumes either, so how do I tie that all together?
Bill Nash: Yes, well first of all, we feel really good about our pricing position, and we’ve been looking at this for a very long time, so we feel very good about where we are from a pricing standpoint. Look, this is one quarter. Some things have a longer tail, but I would also go back to the fact that, look, we had some major headwinds, and when you add them all up together, they were hard to overcome, which I’ve already talked about - you know, the inventory, just the pricing, the staffing. Those are headwinds over the self sufficiency. I think what we’re most excited about is this self sufficiency and the opportunity that that gives us as we continue to move forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston: Thanks, good morning. I hear you say you’re happy with pricing, but then when I look at Page 6 at the GPU, gross margin per unit there, it’s down considerably year-over-year and also down versus the quarter two years ago. It’s obviously a competitive marketplace though, too. Do you [indiscernible] to raise prices?
Bill Nash: Well David, just so we’re clear, the GPU, if you look at it--like, last year, second quarter was a record GPU and we’re only a little bit off of that, so I would say if you look at our historical average, we’re on the higher end of GPU. I think there might be a little disconnect there. Could we raise GPUs? Absolutely, and look - we’re going to continue to monitor the macro factors to see what makes sense. Self sufficiency gives us a lot of opportunities as we go forward, but I think at the same time, we are in this for the long term and we want to make sure customers are getting great value every day, and so we’re going to continue to weigh all factors as we go forward. 
David Whiston: Okay. Just to be clear, I was talking about the 8.3% versus the 11%, and then the 10.5% two years ago. That’s why I asked about pricing.
Bill Nash: Oh, I’m sorry. You were talking more as it relates to ASP? Yes, and again, I’d just throw that out--
Enrique Mayor-Mora: If you look at it on a per-unit basis, it’s going to be skewed, artificially skewed as a percent of revenue just because retail prices are just up, like, 30% since the beginning of the year, so it’s hard to look at as a percent of revenue. We really look at the business on a per-unit basis.
Bill Nash: Yes, and we manage it differently than a lot of the other publicly traded auto retailers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri with Exane BNP Paribas. 
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Just had two quick ones on other gross profit. I guess just first, trying to understand the service gross profit seemingly went negative this quarter because of the warranty issue. Next quarter or whenever, does this go back to the 20% to 30% gross margin rate you’ve historically had, or is there something, like some kind of a lag, to all this warranty stuff that we should be thinking about?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, service this quarter, we were upside down $40 million year-over-year on the quarter, and we estimate that a material amount of that were headwinds we faced in the quarter, that were really shorter term in nature. The two largest ones I’d tell you, number one was the 90-day warranty that you mentioned, and when you think about it, right, our comps this year in the first quarter were 99%. Last year in the first quarter, they were negative 42%, and so you’re looking at a lot more volume from a 90-day perspective warranty work that carries over into the subsequent quarter, so that very much is a timing play right there.  Then the second piece is, similar to SG&A, we just had prior year one-time COVID-related savings in support pay and the employee retention credit plan as well, that are more shorter term in nature. The material amount of that is really shorter term. What I’d say is historically we’ve run service as a positive margin contributor. The exception was last year - certainly during COVID it was not, but prior years it had been a positive margin contributor, and as we move forward on an annual basis, we do expect that to continue to be a positive margin contributor as well. But this quarter, certainly those two headwinds made it a little bit harder.
Operator: Thank you. Again ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question or a comment at this time, please press the star then the one key on your touchtone telephone. Our next question is a follow-up question from Rajat Gupta with JP Morgan.
Rajat Gupta: Thanks for letting me get back in the queue here. I just wanted to follow up in terms of a housekeeping question around SG&A. How much of the quarter-over-quarter pick-up in SG&A was due to the Edmunds acquisition, and if you could say what are some of the buckets in SG&A also, that might be very helpful. Thank you.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, as regards to Edmunds, I spoke in my prepared remarks that from a gross profit standpoint, Edmunds contributed about $20 million. You’re going to see that in the 10-Q tomorrow when we file. Overall, so it’s an operating segment, Edmunds is-we’re going to be reporting on it as an operating segment, not a reporting segment, so we’re going to be reporting moving forward on their revenues, on their gross profit, but that’s the extent to which we’re going to report on them. What I could tell you, though Rajat, is that overall, they were slightly accretive to CarMax, so you can kind of back into their SG&A using that kind of approach.
Operator: I’m not showing any further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the call back to Bill Nash for any closing comments.
Bill Nash: Great, thank you Kevin. Well listen, thanks for joining us today, for your questions and your continued support. We’re confident in our ability to seamlessly merge our world-class in-person and online experiences, add to that our diversified business model and we’ll be able to continue to drive growth and market share gains as we move forward.  As always, I want to thank our more than 27,000 associates for your continued dedication, to living our values each day, taking care of each other, the customers and our communities. You all are the reason that we remain a positive disruptive force within the used car industry.  Again, thanks for everyone’s time today, and we will talk again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-06-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q1 FY '22 KMX Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Stacy Frole. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Stacy Frole: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal '22 first quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CAF Operations. Let me remind you, our statements today regarding the Company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the Company's Form 8-K issued this morning and its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2021, filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422 extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Stacy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As you read in our earnings release this morning, we delivered exceptional performance in the first quarter with record results across all aspects of our business, retail, wholesale and auto finance and a solid flow-through to EPS. Our success reflects the continued progress we are making in our digital transformation and online experience, along with solid execution and our ongoing commitment to disciplined cost management. In addition, we benefited from the backdrop of a strong demand environment, enhanced by the impact of the most recent round of government stimulus payments. For the first quarter of FY '22, our diversified business model delivered sales of $7.7 billion, up 138% compared with the first quarter of FY '21 and net earnings per diluted share of $2.63, up $2.60 from a year ago. This also represents increases of 43% and 65%, respectively, from the previous record set in the first quarter of FY '20. Across our retail and wholesale channels, we sold approximately 452,000 cars, up 128% versus the first quarter last year and a 31% increase on a two-year basis from the first quarter of FY '20. We also bought 236% more cars in the first quarter of this year versus last year and 77% more compared with two years ago. As many of you know, for the past several years, our priorities in investments have focused on building an unmatched experience with a leading e-commerce platform that integrates seamlessly with our best-in-class in-store experience. The result has been a massive organizational transformation that includes building a comprehensive set of digital and hybrid processes to accommodate our customers in whatever way they want to interact with us. Our progress in executing this strategy has given us a very solid start to FY '22 and we remain confident in our long-term targets announced at our recent Analyst Day of 2 million retail and wholesale combined units sold per year and $33 billion of revenue by FY '26. In our retail business, total unit sales in the first quarter were up 101% and used unit comps were up 99% versus the first quarter last year. Compared with the first quarter of FY '20, total retail unit sales were up 21% and same-store comps were up 16%. In addition to strong unit sales, we reported $2,205 of retail gross profit per used unit for the quarter, up $268 versus a year ago and in line with the first quarter of FY '20. Given the strong demand environment for used autos and inventory constraints throughout the automotive industry, we pulled back on the expanded pricing test we introduced in the fourth quarter, we'll continue to monitor macro factors and pricing elasticity and we'll adjust our pricing accordingly to maximize unit sales and profitability. For wholesale, our units sold were up 187% compared with last year's first quarter and were up 50% when compared with the first quarter of FY '20. Wholesale gross profit per unit increased to $1,025 compared with $978 for the same period last year and was in line with the first quarter of FY '20. The strength in wholesale was primarily driven by the introduction of our instant online appraisal offering, which we rolled out nationwide on carmax.com in February after launching on edmonds.com last year. We also benefited from significant appreciation of used autos in the broader market. CarMax Auto Finance, or CAF, continued to deliver solid results with income of $242 million. In addition, CAF and our partner lenders delivered strong conversion in all credit tiers. Jon will give you some more details on that coming up here shortly. Overall, we're extremely pleased with our performance, but we know there are opportunities to be even better. For example, on the operational front, inventory available for sale was below targeted levels throughout the entire first quarter. These lower levels are the result of recent demand and the temporary COVID and weather-impacted production slowdown we experienced in the fourth quarter. Remember, the fourth quarter is the time when we are ramping production ahead of the peak demand tax refund season. Our teams have done an amazing job producing inventory in the first quarter, and we expect inventory to continue to increase as we add additional production capacity at existing locations. Now, I'll turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide more information on our first quarter financial performance, and then Jon will share additional detail around customer financing. So Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Together with the strong gross profit growth in retail and wholesale Bill just discussed, other gross profits increased to $142 million, up $111 million from last year's first quarter. This increase was driven by EPP growth of $61 million or 83%, driven primarily by retail sales growth and a stable penetration rate above 60%. Service growth of $42 million or 125%, driven by labor leverage due to our strong sales performance and prior year company support pay; and an improvement in third-party finance fees of $6 million or 57% due to our renegotiated fee structure and changes in tier penetration, partially offset by increased sales. Relative to the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, other gross profit grew $22 million or 18%. This was primarily due to volume-related growth in EPP and the benefit from our renegotiated third-party finance fees, partially offset by service deleverage. On the SG&A front, expenses for the first quarter increased to $554 million, up 71% from our COVID-impacted quarter a year ago. Robust sales in the first quarter, along with disciplined cost management, delivered strong leverage with SG&A as a percent of gross profit of 59.9%, down from 91. 7% in the prior year's first quarter. The increase in SG&A dollars over the last year was primarily driven by a $108 million increase in compensation and benefits, which was primarily the result of comping over COVID-related payroll reductions last year, along with an increase in variable costs due to higher volume and in headcount as we continue to invest in our growth initiatives. Compensation leveraged by 25.8 percentage points versus last year, a $38 million increase in advertising expense driven by our previously communicated investment in advertising spend to amplify the CarMax brand, build awareness of our omni-channel offerings and drive customer acquisition. This year's increase was also impacted by reductions in last year's spend due to the pandemic. Marketing leveraged by 1.9 percentage points versus last year and a $79 million increase in other overhead due to comparing against the $40 million Takata settlement benefit recognized in last year's quarter. Our continued investments to advance our technology platforms and strategic initiatives and comping over pandemic-related reductions last year. SG&A as a percent of gross profit was comparable with the first quarter of fiscal year 2020. We remain committed to ensuring we are efficient in our spend, and we expect that targeted areas of focus will continue to deliver improvements over time. For example, our CECs are a significant differentiator for us and an area of opportunity. In the first quarter, our CECs continued their year-over-year gains in efficiency and effectiveness through automation, data-driven algorithms and smart routing that ensures customers get the right support. We are very bullish about our future, given the strength and trajectory of our current business and the opportunities to expand into the broader used auto ecosystem. We recognize that we have an opportunity to capitalize on our leadership position to grow market share and deliver long-term shareholder value. Our approach to capital allocation is aligned with this belief and is supported by the significant amount of cash our diversified business model generates. First, we continue to focus on our core business by aggressively investing in the digital capabilities required to enhance our omni-channel experience, vehicle and customer acquisition, and the strategic expansion of our store footprint. Of particular note this quarter was the very strong ROI we are experiencing in vehicle acquisition, primarily through our instant online appraisal offerings. Second, we will deploy capital to pursue new growth opportunities through investments, partnerships and acquisitions. On June 1, we completed our acquisition of Edmunds. We are confident this transaction will create significant shareholder value over time. Additionally, of note on the P&L this quarter, other income increased $29 million when compared with the same period last year primarily due to a $22 million unrealized gain on an investment. As we've noted in the past, we have a portfolio of relatively modest investments across the used auto ecosystem. Finally, we will continue to return excess capital back to our shareholders. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares for $125 million. We have $1.21 billion remaining in current authorizations. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everybody. Once again, the finance business has delivered outstanding results. For the first quarter, CAF's penetration net of free-day payoffs was 43.7% compared with 36.1% a year ago. Tier 2 decreased to 22.8% of used unit sales compared with 28.5% last year. Tier 3 accounted for 10% compared with 14.5% a year ago. You will recall in the first quarter of FY '21, at the beginning of the pandemic, we leveraged our long-term relationships and routed a portion of CAF's Tier 1 volume and all of the allocated Tier 3 volume to our Tier 2 and Tier 3 partners, which explains much of this year-over-year shift in tier mix. Note, this was done as a temporary measure, which limited CAF's origination volume while preserving the high quality of the portfolio. By the end of the second quarter last year, we've returned to our normal routing procedures. During this first quarter, CAF's net loans originated was $2.5 billion, marking the largest single origination quarter in CAF's history and the first quarter above $2 billion. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 9%, up from 8.4% a year ago and 8.5% in the fourth quarter. Similar to the fourth quarter, this year-over-year difference in APR is a result of the credit mix of customers rather than an increase in the rate charged. Regarding the portfolio, the overall interest margin increased to 6.9% versus 5.9% in the same period last year as the strength of our ABS program continues to yield significant benefits in the form of lower funding costs. CAF income for the quarter was $242 million, up from $51 million a year ago. This significant year-over-year increase comes as a result of a substantial improvement in the required provision for loan losses, stronger net interest margin and higher receivables. Total interest margin in the quarter increased by $47 million or 24%, driven by the growth in originations and lower cost of funds. With respect to our provision for loan losses, in the first quarter, we experienced $7.2 million in net credit loss or 21 basis points of average managed receivables. As a percentage of the portfolio, this is the lowest reported loss we have experienced in over 20 years. The resulting favorability versus our expectations, coupled with the corresponding adjustment in our outlook for future losses, resulted in $24 million of income related to the provision in the first quarter. This is compared to a $122 million provision expense in the same period last year. This release of reserves resulted in an ending reserve balance of $380 million for the first quarter or 2.62% of managed receivables, which is a decrease from the 2.97% and at the end of the fourth quarter. Our reserve as a percentage of managed receivables has continued to trend downward towards more historical levels as our customers remain persistent in their willingness and ability to make their auto payment despite the uncertain environment. We believe this current adjustment effectively captures the positive loss performance we have seen over the past four quarters and is appropriate for the current macroeconomic environment. Finally, as previously mentioned, CAF increased its percent of Tier 3 volume to 10% by the end of the first quarter. This adjustment had a minimal impact on the reserve within the quarter, but as the higher volume continues to flow into the portfolio over subsequent quarters, we expect income and the provision to increase accordingly. With regard to where CAF will participate in the credit spectrum in the future, as always, we will continue to evaluate the lending environment and will consider future adjustments if and when we believe those changes are sustainable and in the best interest of our long-term business goals. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Jon and Enrique. As I said at our Analyst Day in May, we are proud of the work our teams have done to put CarMax in the excellent position we're in today, and we are really excited about the tremendous opportunities ahead of us. Our multiyear investment in omni-channel experience has further enhanced our offering, which is the most customer-centric experience within the used auto industry. We are agnostic about how our customers shop and buy because we are positioned to give every customer a world-class buying experience regardless of how they shop with us. In turn, this gives us access to the largest addressable market within the states. In the first quarter, approximately 8% of our retail unit sales were online. As a reminder, when a customer completes all four of the major transactional activities remotely, so that's reserving the vehicle; financing the vehicle, if that's needed, trading in or opting out of a trade-in; and creating a sales order. We consider this an online retail sale. Because all our wholesale auctions were made virtual this quarter, 100% of wholesale sales, which represents 18% of total revenue, are considered online transactions. As a result, total revenue coming from online transactions was 24% in the first quarter. Omni sales represented approximately 56% of retail unit sales, up from 51% last quarter. As a reminder, omni sales or retail sales where customers complete at least one of those major transactional activities remotely, while all of our customers can buy a car online with assistance, we have been focused on providing a 100% self-service experience. Today, 40% of our retail customers can independently complete an online sale, up from 25% at the end of the fourth quarter. We expect to have this capability available to most customers by the end of the second quarter. We continue to leverage digital innovations to drive growth with our online instant appraisal offerings where customers can receive an online offer on their car in less than two minutes and have payment in hand the same day. In the first quarter, we bought approximately 163,000 vehicles through these online offerings, which represent 48% of our total buys from consumers. And since rolling out nationwide at the end of last quarter, we believe we have become the largest online buyer of used audits from the consumers in the U.S. This is a significant competitive advantage that allows us to efficiently source vehicles, especially during periods of high demand, enabling us to remain competitively priced while producing attractive GPUs. On the retail side, we're making our online experience faster by improving our finance approval and flow process. We're making it easier by enabling customers to request card transfers and then manage and track them all online. And we're empowering our customers by providing them with financing information across our entire inventory as the first step in their shopping journey. This gives our customers greater confidence they can afford the vehicle they select. As we expand access and further enhance digital aspects of our experience, we need to reinforce awareness of CarMax's new capabilities and their values to customers. Since launching our new brand campaign and Love Your Car Guarantee offerings at the end of last year, we've seen strong growth in the awareness of our omni-channel experience with both web traffic and Google search volumes continuing to increase. As digital adoption by consumers and dealers continues to grow, we'll keep building on our investments in omni, our proprietary technology stack and our strong brand reputation to maximize growth in our core businesses. We're also pursuing additional growth opportunities in the broader trillion-dollar-plus used auto ecosystem that leverage our capabilities and strength in the industry. As Enrique mentioned, we recently completed the acquisition of Edmunds, one of the most well-established and trusted online guides for automotive information and a recognized leader in digital car shopping innovations. Edmunds brings us closer to a broader set of consumers and brings us closer to dealers. Our teams are super excited and are continuing to collaborate on new products that will support Edmunds dealers partners and consumers. We see tremendous opportunity and we'll provide updates as we launch new offerings more broadly. In summary, this was truly an exceptional quarter, and we are absolutely excited for the future. Our results reflect strong and disciplined execution across our diversified business model and further validate our strategies to enable sustainable growth and meaningful long-term shareholder value creation. We remain focused on enhancing our online capabilities to deliver the most customer-centric offering in the market. We will continue to accelerate our growth and market share gains while also laying the groundwork for future initiatives and growth opportunities. Now we'll be happy to take your questions. Shelby?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question is from Craig Kennison of Baird.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the wholesale momentum. My question goes to the GPU. Did you mention that you pulled back on the GPU experiment in the hot market? Will you go back to experimentation once the market normalizes?
Bill Nash: Yes, great question. So yes, we did suspend it. And if you remember last quarter, in the fourth quarter, I talked about we're going to continue to be monitoring those macro factors. And as we monitor the macro factors, especially like the inventory constraints and the elasticity, it didn't make sense to continue to do that. As I said in my opening remarks, we will continue to monitor those macro factors, and we're very open to continuing to do some different things with pricing. I would tell you like right now, I probably would say we wouldn't do it, but we'll reserve the right just as the quarter progresses. But either way, we'll be able to provide great GPUs above $2,000.
Operator: Your next question is from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. Sorry if I missed this, but did you talk about what your customer sourcing ratio was in terms of the retail business for the quarter? And then as you're looking at the online purchases, which obviously have ramped really quickly, how are those -- how is the GPU on the online appraisals kind of comparing to the in-person appraisals? Are you seeing those kind of be relatively similar? Or is there a variance that can narrow over time?
Bill Nash: Great question. So when I think about the total buys that we bought from consumers, it's about a 50-50 split between retail and wholesale. And that's both as you think about traditionally customers coming into the store and doing the appraisal, but that also is very similar to the online purchases. As far as the productivity of the online purchase versus the traditional in-store appraisals, they're both great and they're very similar, which again, is a huge benefit as we think about inventory sourcing and being able to manage GPUs, pricing, that kind of thing.
Operator: Your next question is from John Murphy of Bank of America.
John Murphy: Just maybe a follow-up actually on the question of supply build. I mean you bought 341,000 vehicles from the consumers in the quarter. I mean that's as much -- I think you had one quarter in history of 345,000 in total vehicles. So I mean you bought almost as many vehicles as you ever peaked out on selling. So I'm just curious what's going on there on your ability to buy directly from the consumer? And then also, if you think on the supply side, both from the consumer and then even at auctions, when do you think supply more naturally eases up? I mean, there's crazy things going on like Davis and Hertz buying cars and auctions and traditionally, they're sources and sellers, right? So I mean there's some wacky stuff going on in the supply side. How much wood can you chomp on buying from consumers? How important is that going to be going forward? And then when does supply, which is totally wacky at the moment, normalize on the flow and supply?
Bill Nash: Yes. So John, obviously, the buying directly from consumers has been a big focus. I've talked about us putting investments in that area. And I think what you're seeing is it really coming to fruition. I mean you think about it, more than 340,000 cars that we bought from consumers, it's up 236%. It's up 77% versus FY '20. It's just truly remarkable. A big piece of that, obviously, is just having easier access to consumer with our online offering. But we're also encouraged just by the traditional with new customers coming into the store and doing appraisals that way. So, we feel good about both of those. The supply piece is interesting. There's some abnormal things that you mentioned there. But I'll go back to what I said in the fourth quarter, supply has not been an issue for us. While our saleable inventory is certainly lower than where we want it to be right now, the supply, if you look at total inventory, we're very much in line with where we were in FY '20. It's really more a matter of production. And I think with the online offering in addition to the traditional appraisal lane that also just diminishes our need for external supply going through those other sources. And more general to your question of how long -- absolutely, there's some supply constraints out there because you've got some different folks doing different things. You also have the demand for maybe some new car customers moving into used cars. I think it will -- time will tell. I think the new car isn't going to work itself out in the next quarter or two, I think we're probably looking more towards the latter part of the year. So, I don't see a lot changing in supply over the next couple of quarters. But again, the supply is not an issue, there's still a lot of cars that are changing hands out there. You may -- if you're buying off site, you have to work a little bit harder. But we feel great about where we are from a total inventory standpoint.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, John, what I would say is the 163,000 cars that we bought through our instant online offers really exceeded our expectations. That has been extremely well received by customers. And I think it's a really good example of the investments we've been making in innovation to make sure we're at the forefront of the consumer's mind. And again, that's 163,000 cars through our online offer. And really, we just stood up that product a quarter ago. So, we're really, really pleased with that performance.
John Murphy: Can that ever significantly drive the consumer source vehicles way above 50%? I mean, is that the direction you're heading? I'm just curious what that target might be.
Bill Nash: Yes. Look, we want to drive that target as high as possible. We've historically -- the last several years, we've been in this range of 35% to 45%. We're already above that range for this quarter. We're between 45% and 50% for this quarter. And I think, again, our goal is to drive that as high as possible. And what we're seeing, we're very, very encouraged by that.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Montani of Evercore.
Michael Montani: I wanted to ask about any thoughts you all may have on the pricing environment, both in terms of the wholesale side as well as the retail side? And what you might be seeing recently in our discussions with Manheim? It sounds like they might have just seen an inflection point where the pricing is at least starting to moderate. So I'd just love to get some incremental thoughts that you all may have. And then secondly, what does that mean for the business if we do see some moderation, what does that mean for retail and wholesale?
Bill Nash: Yes. Good morning, Michael, yes, it's a great question. You've been following us long enough to know that this pricing environment is really -- it's really unprecedented. If you think about from January until now, the $5,000 to $6,000 worth of appreciation that we've seen, it's truly remarkable. Our average selling prices were up a couple of thousand dollars. From an acquisition standpoint, they're actually up a little bit more than that, but it was a little bit offset based off of mix and age. I do think we're reaching an inflection point. If you look at the consumer price index and the difference between new cars and late-model used cars, that gap has definitely narrowed. While new cars are going up, they have not gone up at the pace of used cars. And that's fairly self-correct and get to a point where, okay, its late model used cars is bumping up against the new car. And I think we are getting close to that inflection point. And I think that's I think great because obviously, when the gap narrows, it's a headwind for used car purchases. When the gap widens, the gap between used and new, that's a great thing for used car sales. So I think that's a positive thing.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Nice quarter, congratulations. So my question is very much a follow-up to that prior question, just with regard to pricing, Bill. I mean we've all talked -- we've all heard right about this unprecedented, if you will, price environment used cars. So I guess the question I have is as we look at these results in the various facets across the business, was the pricing environment a tailwind or headwind for CarMax? And then again, this is again a follow-up up. And how should we think about this going forward as we look towards the balance of the year?
Bill Nash: Yes. Normally, that pricing environment would be a headwind to just the used car industry in general. I think the difference this quarter was that because there was a lack of new car availability, I think it pushed customers down into the used car market, which helped to raise the price of used cars. So it's really -- it's hard to kind of pull that apart. There's a lot of different factors going on there because you've got now new customers coming in there. You have the stimulus out there that's driving up demand. So, I think the normal -- what you would normally see from really high price increases on used cars, it's hard. I don't think it was the same -- it had the same elasticity effect that you would normally see. Now I think going forward, not having some of that stimulus out there, I think the normal elasticity and pricing, I think, will start to return. And I think back to Michael's point, if we've seen this inflection point starts to go down, I think that's a good thing.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I think the other thing as well is that the diversity of our business model really allows us to perform in any kind of environment. So while pricing may be a headwind in some sense, it's a tailwind to other parts of our business. And you see that in our results, and you see that kind of from quarter-to-quarter in our results just that diversity that is unparalleled in the industry.
Bill Nash: Yes. And I think the other thing at play here is, look, we've been doing this long enough that whether you see rapid appreciation or rapid depreciation. I think the way that we manage our inventory, how we buy the data that we leverage and the technology that we leverage, I think it's certainly a competitive advantage.
Operator: Your next question is from Rick Nelson of Stephens.
Rick Nelson: Thanks. So, we saw the reserve reversal this quarter, allowance now at 2.62% of receivables. Historically, I believe that number has been more in the 2% to 2.5% range for Tier 1. I guess how should we think about that allowance account and potential for more reversals?
Bill Nash: Yes. Appreciate the question, Rick. Yes, right on the mark, 2.62% is our reserve as a percentage of receivables right now. And correct. Historically, we have sustained at the 2% to 2.5% is our targeted range for our Tier 1 portfolio. Now bear in mind that 2.62% incorporates both Tier 1 and Tier 3 included in there. So if you were to back that out, you can see that we really are in the operating range that we've previously stated. And we've trended downward nicely since that. I think it's a pretty substantial move we've made since the end of Q4 to now. And obviously, that's a reflection of the great performance that we saw in the quarter. So going forward, we think 2.62% is a really solid number for us across both the Tier 1 and Tier 3 portfolio, and we'll see how the customer performs in the future.
Operator: Your next question is from John Healy of Northcoast.
John Healy: I wanted to ask a little bit about the SG&A levels. I know you've talked about variety of investments. And clearly, those are paying off right now. But I wanted to get your view on kind of the traditional ad campaigns that you've launched? I know you've done the things with the NBA and some new television and I think radio ads. How do you feel about that spend? Is it still as effective as it once was? Are you happy with it right now? And do you see that continuing to be a big part of the SG&A as we go into next year? Or maybe should expect some recalibration on that front?
Bill Nash: Yes, John. So let me talk first just about the productivity of the ad spend. First of all, we're thrilled with it. If you look at the advertising spend for the quarter, it's actually below the guidance we've kind of given for this year. And I would just think about that as that's just a timing. We're committed to continuing to advertise in a thoughtful ROI way. I would tell you, looking at what we've been doing, we had a record hit. Our average number of hits to our website for this quarter was 34.5 million, which is up significantly from any prior record. which is up significantly We're seeing web visits up roughly 60% year-over-year, 40% if you compare back to FY '20. Google searches are up double digits. So we feel very, very good about the new programs that we're doing and how we're really kind of going out there and spreading the omni-channel experience to consumers. But I'll tell you, this isn't -- it's not a one quarter thing. We need to continue to be at this, and we're committed to continue to spend. And Enrique, I don't know if you have any other thoughts as it relates to the SG&A.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, absolutely. If you take a look at advertising, we communicated last quarter and in our Analyst Day, we intend on spending more. And what we said was, we're going to spend this year on a per unit basis, pretty much what we spent in the back half of last year, which was a ramp-up in expense. And so if you take a look at that and you compare it to two years ago, in FY '20, certainly a more normalized year. We're looking at an increase of over 40% on a per unit basis in our advertising costs, which is consistent with what we've communicated. But just to give you some context and perspective on how we think of the importance and more importantly, of the returns that we're getting from our advertising spend.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question is from Rajat Gupta of JPMorgan.
Rajat Gupta: Congrats on the strong sprint. I just had a question on -- you mentioned earlier about how the pricing is reaching a level where it's probably starting to maybe impact demand to some extent. Could you give us some color on like how the progression was through the quarter, like this March, April, May on the pound versus 2019 level? Then if you could give us any color on how the first three or four weeks of June have trended there, that would be helpful.
Bill Nash: Yes, Rajat. So, we're pleased with the whole entire quarter. I mean when we talk about looking back to FY '20, don't forget the first quarter in FY '20 was a 9.5% comp and we're comping 16% on top of that. And we saw strong growth in every month of the quarter. And I've talked about it on the last call how March was a new record month for us. April was also a record month as it relates to April. May was also a record month as it relates to May. So we're very pleased with the strong performance throughout there. And we're very pleased with the performance as we enter into the new quarter. I'll tell you, I'll be excited to get to the second quarter because if you remember last year, we had a positive comp in the second quarter. And I'm going to knock on wood that we don't have to keep talking back to FY '20 because it's a lot of numbers to remember. But we'll certainly at the end of the second quarter talk more about that quarter, but we feel great how the quarter started.
Operator: Your next question is from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. It's Scot Ciccarelli. So given the dynamics that we're seeing in the used vehicle market, obviously, the category is very hot, and you were more aggressive posture in vehicle purchasing activity. Can you shorten your reconditioning process further to improve throughput or maybe add more day capacity? Because, Bill, when I'm listening to you, it sounds like your own production capabilities may have limited some of your inventory offerings, and thus, your sales performance.
Bill Nash: Yes. No, Scot, you're absolutely right. I mean our inventory level right now, is I think -- obviously, we're below target the whole quarter, we're probably 40% lower than where we would like to be. And in a normal environment, if you have that much less inventory, it certainly is a headwind. I think it was a headwind. I don't think it was to the normal elasticity that you would see just given what was going on in the rest of the marketplace. But it really is about production. And we normally build ahead of time to get ready. We weren't able to do that. Our operations team is doing a phenomenal job. We're adding additional capacity in those existing facility. So I would expect that to continue to go up. One of the areas I've talked about from an efficiency standpoint in the past, as we look to take way side of the system, one of the areas that we've been focused on is our flow production. And we've actually now finished rolling out kind of the next version of that. And we would expect to get more throughput through existing facilities and resources. So we're excited about that, and that will continue to help us. And then, of course, to meet our long-term goals, we'll be adding additional capacity as we go forward. But yes, I think it's absolutely fair to say that the inventory was a headwind for us. And it's not the supply side. It's more of the production side. And again, I can't give enough shout-out to our operations team because not only have they been meeting that demand, but they're building on it. And if you watch your inventory recently, you've seen that we're starting to ramp it back up.
Scot Ciccarelli: So how long does it take to recondition, let's call it, an average car today? And where could that potentially go? Like can you knock off a significant amount of time? Or you just kind of you're pretty close to where you're optimized.
Bill Nash: No, I think we can optimize more to say traditional car. Remember, it also depends on the mix of vehicles. Your older vehicles take a little bit longer than your newer vehicles. I think we're probably -- if I think about the whole -- what you're really asking about is cycle time. Cycle time, and keep in mind, that's the time that the car is ready to be worked on. You got to wait for parts and all that kind of stuff. You think about that cycle time, it's probably -- it's somewhere in between the 5 and 10 days, and that depends on the vehicle. Now certainly, some vehicles take a lot less than that. And we have obviously phases in our production that are we measure by minutes. But I do think this is an area of opportunity. I think this is one that we're already, with our new flow production system. I think we're already starting to realize more throughput, which is great.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Bottiglieri of Exane BNP Paribas.
Chris Bottiglieri: Thank you for taking the question. Strong quarter. I had a quick question on the GPU. So, it sounds like you pulled back on the price investments, the customer sourcing mix is as high as I've ever seen it. It sounds like used pricing was a tailwind to GPUs. I don't know if that's true or if you can confirm that. But were there any offsets like is it just costing work to recondition cars this environment or like anything that would mitigate some of these tailwinds on GPU that could speak to?
Bill Nash: Well, first of all, for us, the used car pricing isn't necessarily a tailwind to GPU. We don't manage our margin according to how expensive a vehicle is. We have a lot of other factors. So that's not necessarily a tailwind for us like it might be some of the other folks. I think as we look forward, having -- driving higher self-sufficiency is certainly going to be a tailwind for us. And I've always said that we've -- our prices are very competitive. And I'd tell you, I think our prices are as competitive as ever right now. So I feel great about the direction we're going. I feel great about our prices. I feel great about the flexibility that we have to not only provide world-class GPU per car for retail car, but also be able to do it in a way that our prices are very, very competitive.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Seth Basham of Wedbush.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and god morning. My question is on the mix of sales that were purchased online, 8% this quarter versus 5% last quarter. Is that solely due to the increased eligibility of customers being able to buy entirely online? Or are there other factors? And as you get to 100% rollout of eligibility would you expect that metric to move up closer to 20%?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, the 5% to 8% was driven by geographic expansion and some additional capabilities. I would expect that number to continue to go up. As I said, we made some good progress. And actually, I'm sorry, you're asking about the total online, not just the self-serve. So self-serve -- I mean, online went from 25% to 40%. And I would expect that number to continue to go up as we add additional capabilities as we go forward. And the areas that we're focused on, I think primarily, what's going to continue to drive the adoption will be, again, adding some of the self-service features. And so when I think about that, the areas we're focused on is to make it a little bit more simple and seamless on transfers as well as trade-ins.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: We certainly expect that percent of sales and percent of revenues from online to go up. But at the same time, the beauty of our business model is that it's really up to the consumer and of omni, right? So to the degree the consumer wants to buy online, they can do that and more and more so. To the degree they want to come into the store and shop that way, they can do that as well. We expect the numbers to go up. But again, it's really going to be driven by the consumers and how they want to interact with us, whether it's in-store or online.
Seth Basham: Got it. And the all-in gross profit per unit per vehicle purchased entirely online versus through the stores. How is that comparing these days?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: They're about similar, about similar.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Operator: Your final question is from David Whiston of Morningstar.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to go back to the Edmunds acquisition, honestly, I'm still not totally clear on the rationale for it. I get there's vertical integration benefits, I think, procuring and retailing. But -- At the same time, there are CarMax competitors that are paying them for their lead generation. So how are you ensuring that they still get a fair shake because otherwise, they're not going to want to do business with Edmunds and a CarMax is getting preferences? Can you just connect some dots for me?
Bill Nash: Yes. So again, we're thrilled to complete the acquisition as are the teams on both sides. As a reminder, they are that premium brand for automotive research. We're going to continue to operate them as a separate brand and a separate company. And we're excited to work with them to continue to drive more of the services for their consumers and their dealers and their OEM partners. We're going to invest in their brand, but we're also excited about the teams continuing to collaborate and progress on programs that help both companies and a great example of that is the instant offers. We developed that with them, initially rolled it out on Edmunds, and then we have it on carmax.com. And we think there's a lot of opportunity there with still and we think there's a lot of opportunity on content. So I think it's very important that we keep the Company separate, and we keep making sure that they're continuing to add value to their individual customers. And I think we can do both. And then as we continue to develop things jointly together that benefit both companies, we'll continue to highlight those in the future.
David Whiston: Okay. And can you disclose investment was do you have the gain on?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: No, we don't really talk about -- we have -- as I mentioned, we have a portfolio of relatively modest investments across the used auto ecosystem, primarily strategic to make sure that we understand and we know what's going on in that space. And so, we just had an outsized gain this quarter on one of those investments, but we don't really disclose which companies we're investing in.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call back to Bill for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Shelby. Well, hopefully, you guys can tell from our comments that we're extremely pleased with the first quarter results and that we are very excited about the future. And it's not just about the opportunities that come with having this largest total addressable market in the used auto retail, but it's also the opportunities that exist in our other core businesses. So if you think wholesale, you think CAF, and then even going beyond that into this larger auto ecosystem. And all of it is supported by the tremendous transformation, whether it's our omni-channel experiences, whether it's our proprietary tech stack, it's data or some of the other offerings that we highlighted on today's call. I want to thank you for your questions today. I want to thank you for your continued support; and as always, I want to thank our associates for their continued dedication of living our values, taking care of each other, taking care of our customers and communities. They are truly the success of CarMax. So we look forward to truly the success of CarMax. So we look forward to talking again next quarter. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-04-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2021 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Stacy Frole, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Stacy Frole: Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2021 fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CAF Operations.  Let me remind you, our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them.  For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's Form 8-K issued this morning and its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2020, filed with the SEC.  Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422 extension 7865.  Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
William Nash: Thank you, Stacy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We have a lot of exciting news to cover today. Our comments will focus on material fourth quarter and fiscal 2021 performance insights, updates on our digital enhancement and, of course, the Edmunds acquisition, which we announced this morning. Then we will open it up for your questions.  For the quarter, total retail used unit sales were down less than 1% from last year's record sales, and used unit comps were down 2.3% when compared with the same period a year ago. It's worth spending a moment on the events driving our results for the fourth quarter.  As we discussed on our last call, entering the quarter, retail sales were pressured due to a surge in COVID-19 cases, which tightened occupancy restrictions and shelter-in-place orders. Sales began to accelerate towards the end of December and into January. By the beginning of February, we were trending towards mid-single-digit comp growth for the quarter, excluding the impact of Leap Day in the prior year.  However, starting in the middle of February, retail sales were affected by the severe winter weather across a large portion of the U.S., closing more than 65 stores in 1 day. Sales were also impacted by delays in tax refunds relative to last year's timing and a lower inventory position due to COVID and weather-related production constraints.  On a 2-year stack, total retail used unit sales for the fourth quarter of FY '21 were up 13.8%, and used unit comps were up 8.7%. March sales were robust when compared with both COVID-impacted March last year and a record March in 2019. During the month, the initial distribution of tax refund and stimulus checks began, weather improved and customers continue to respond favorably to our ongoing digital enhancement and other strategic initiatives.  In addition, the underlying metrics we track, including website visits, online progression and activity at our customer experience centers, or CECs, indicate continued healthy demand for used vehicles as we head into April.  Full year market share data indicates that our share of 0- to 10-year old vehicles in our current comp markets fell from approximately 4.7% in 2019 to 4.3% in calendar 2020. We had strong momentum entering the year, and we're gaining significant market share up until the start of the pandemic, when 95% of the country was under shelter-in-place orders and approximately half of our locations were closed or under limited operations.  As markets reopened and our omnichannel experience was launched nationwide, we began gaining market share again. During the last 5 months of 2020, we saw market share gains, and we expect those gains to accelerate in 2021.  Atlanta, where we have been in operations since 1995, and our most mature omnichannel market, continues to outperform the company, maintaining its market share in 2020, despite pressure from COVID. During the last 5 months of the calendar year, our market share in Atlanta increased 13.8%. Over the past 2 years, since we first introduced our omnichannel experience, our market share in Atlanta has increased 10.9%.  Retail gross profit per used unit for the fourth quarter was $2,086 compared with $2,195 last year. This GPU is consistent with our expectations and commentary on the last quarter's call. It reflects the impact of the expanded pricing and marketing test we rolled out in select markets, in combination with our national multimedia marketing campaign and the improvements to our omnichannel experience.  Early results for these tests were positive, so we expanded to more markets in the quarter. We're going to continue with testing, while also monitoring macro factors. We expect to maintain attractive margins above $2,000 in the first quarter. Enrique will provide additional details around the profitability flow-through on different aspects of our business that are contributing to the success of these tests in just a moment.  Our wholesale business delivered another good quarter when you consider the impact of one less auction day compared with the same period last year. For the fourth quarter, wholesale volume was down 1.2%. Wholesale gross profit per unit was comparable to the prior year at $990 per unit. We estimate the one less auction day in this quarter impacted the number of wholesale units sold by several percentage points.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique to provide more information on our fourth quarter financial performance; and then to Jon, who will provide additional detail around customer financing. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. For the quarter, other gross profit decreased $4 million or 3.2%. This decrease was due to a $14 million reduction in service profits driven largely by our previously announced year-end thank you bonus for 22,000 full and part-time associates across the company, many of whom work in our reconditioning and service functions, bonuses related to production [glitches] [ph] and company support pay related to COVID.  Partially offsetting this was favorability in EPP and third-party finance fees. EPP grew $2.6 million year-over-year for the quarter driven by a favorable reserve adjustment and an increase in profit sharing revenue. This was partially offset by lower sales volume and a slightly lower penetration rate in the quarter. Third-party finance fees improved by $7.7 million in the quarter primarily due to the renegotiated fees with our partners, which Jon will talk about shortly.  For SG&A, expenses for the fourth quarter increased 14.7% or approximately $71 million to $556 million. SG&A per unit was $2,713, a year-over-year deleverage of $368 per unit on the quarter. The increase in SG&A was primarily driven by an increase in stock-based compensation of $33 million or a deleverage of $160 per unit; an increase in advertising expense of $23 million or a deleverage of $115 per unit, which was in line with our previously communicated expectations as we focus on heavier support for our next brand campaign; and continued spending to advance our technology platforms and strategic initiatives.  Our approach to SG&A and costs heading into next year remains consistent. We will continue to invest in our business at this inflection point in our industry, specifically in marketing and in our strategic initiatives.  Regarding marketing. As we head into next fiscal year, we expect our spend to remain elevated with similar per unit trends experienced in the second half of fiscal 2021. Our advertising spend will continue to focus on clearly differentiating our brand and demonstrating the benefits of our omnichannel experience, in addition to ROI-based digital investments that are delivering strong results.  Included within this spend is an increased focus on vehicle acquisition. We believe we are well positioned to aggressively grab market share through the promotion of our omnichannel experience and new product offerings, such as Love Your Car Guarantee.  We also remain focused on ensuring we are appropriately managing our spend, targeting specific areas of opportunity. This includes our CECs, which are maturing and becoming more efficient and effective through automation, data-driven algorithms and smart routing with the goal of ensuring customers get the right support. This past year, our CECs were more efficient than the prior year, and we expect this trend will accelerate in FY '22.  Regarding our SG&A leverage point in FY '22. We would expect to require a 5% to 8% comp on a 2-year stacked basis in FY '22 to lever in FY '22. As previously communicated, in periods of investment like we are in now, we'll need to be at the higher end of the range to lever. This 2-year comp approach is reflective of the impacts of lapping over COVID and due to the continued investments in the business we made this past year.  Now I'd like to take a moment to provide an update on the financial aspects of the pricing tests we ran in the fourth quarter. As Bill mentioned, we like what we have seen so far. While these tests confirm what we have historically seen regarding price elasticity, several factors have changed, resulting in a stronger flow-through from the increased sales and, thereby, resulting in greater profitability.  These factors include higher profitability levels of our CAF originations, our lower variable cost structure as we continue to leverage our centralized CECs and the favorable changes to our third-party lender fee structure. As mentioned earlier, we will continue to perform pricing tests in the first quarter, while also monitoring macro factors. Our goal remains to maximize both unit sales and long-term profitability. Our unique and diversified business model still generated a significant amount of cash this past year, despite a challenging environment. From a capital allocation perspective, this positions us well to reinvest in the growth of our core business, fund new growth opportunities such as our announced acquisition of Edmunds, and return capital back to our shareholders.  Regarding Edmunds, we expect to pay for the transaction with a combination of cash and equity. We anticipate this transaction will close in June and expect their financials to have an immaterial impact to CarMax's EPS in fiscal year '22. We are confident this transaction will provide significant shareholder value creation over the longer term.  We continued executing our share repurchase program, and during the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately 700,000 shares for $66 million. We currently have $1.34 billion of authorizations remaining, and we are committed to returning capital back to our shareholders.  For capital expenditures, we anticipate approximately $350 million in FY '22. As we've pivoted our business to be more technology driven, the profile of our CapEx has followed suit. Approximately 1/3 of our capital spend in FY '22 will be focused on investments in technology, up from about 15% just 4 years ago.  In FY '22, we plan to open 10 new locations, with the first grand opening expected later this month. As was the case with our more recent openings, these locations are predominantly cross-functional stores and have a smaller footprint and can leverage our scale and the presence of other locations in nearby markets. Our national footprint and nationwide logistics network continue to be a competitive advantage for CarMax, and we remain committed to an appropriate level of investment on these differentiated assets.  We are confident that the foundational investments we are making in our omnichannel experience, our proprietary tech stack and our highly recognizable and trusted brand set us up for accelerated market share gains in 2021.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everyone. CarMax Auto Finance and our lending partners once again delivered solid results. For the fourth quarter, CAF's penetration, net of 3-day payoffs, was 43.5% compared with 43% a year ago.  Tier 2 was up slightly to 21% of used unit sales compared with 20.5% last year. Tier 3 accounted for 9.5% compared with 10% a year ago. This distribution across the credit tiers is primarily reflective of the credit mix of applicants observed in the fourth quarter. Year-over-year, CAF's net loans originated were comparable to the prior year quarter at $1.8 billion. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 8.5%, up from 7.9% a year ago and down slightly from 8.6% in the third quarter. Similar to the third quarter, this year-over-year difference in APR is attributed to the mix of CAF customers seen within the Tier 1 space, rather than an increase in the rate charged to these customers.  Regarding the portfolio. The overall interest margin increased to 6.4% versus 5.8% in the same period last year, as we continue to realize significant benefit from lower funding costs. Our most recent securitization in January closed with a near record spread between the APR we charge to customers and the rate we pay to fund the receivables. Our ABS investors continue to recognize the consistency and performance of the CarMax origination channel, and we appreciate their support.  CAF income was up 68% to $188 million in the quarter, reflecting a reduced loss provision, plus an increase in interest margin. The provision for loan losses was $5 million, resulting in an ending reserve balance of $411 million for the fourth quarter. The total reserve is 2.97% of managed receivables, which is lower than the 3.17% at the end of the third quarter.  Our reserve as a percentage of managed receivables has trended downward over the past 3 quarters, as our customers have exhibited a willingness to make payments, even in these continued challenging times. We believe our current reserve is adequate and considers both the positive payment behavior recently observed as well as the future uncertainty of the macro environment.  I would also like to provide an update on the arrangements we have with our third-party lenders that Enrique referenced earlier. Our agreements with our partners have resulted in CarMax historically receiving a $300 participation fee for each of the agreed-upon finance contracts purchased within the Tier 2 space. Within the more subprime Tier 3 space, where CAF keeps approximately 5% of the volume, CarMax has historically offered lending partners a $1,000 discount for providing financing to a customer that we believe would otherwise not be able to purchase a vehicle from CarMax.  At the beginning of the fourth quarter, this Tier 2 participation fee increased to $400, and our Tier 3 discount was reduced to $750. If this structure have been in place for the entirety of FY '21, and penetration rates remain the same, it would have resulted in annual savings of approximately $30 million or $40 on a per unit basis.  With regard to future changes in the Tier 2 and Tier 3 space, as of March 2021, CAF has begun to methodically increase its percent of Tier 3 volume beyond the 5% level, and we anticipate reaching and maintaining a 10% share in Tier 3 by May 31 this year.  CarMax will continue to evaluate the lending environment and will consider future adjustments, if and when, we believe those changes are sustainable and in the best interest of our long-term business goals. Bill?
William Nash: Thank you, Jon. Thank you, Enrique. Our 2021 fiscal year was one of the most challenging operating environments we've ever faced. But due to our ability to act quickly in rapidly changing circumstances, we delivered new customer experiences and continue to innovate, while remaining financially strong. That financial strength has enabled us to continue to aggressively invest in our core business and pursue new growth opportunities.  Some highlights from this year that will have a lasting impact are as follows: the completion of the national rollout of our omnichannel experience, giving us a common platform across all of CarMax that leverages our scale, nationwide footprint and infrastructure; the move of all wholesale auctions into a virtual environment; the national expansion of our new online instant appraisal offering on carmax.com and edmunds.com, strengthening our leadership as the largest buyer and positioning us to become the largest online buyer of used autos from consumers; and finally, the introduction of the Love Your Car Guarantee, an industry-leading signature customer experience.  All of these were possible because of our exceptional associates. They came together to take care of each other and our customers, while also innovating for the future. Customer response to our omnichannel offering is strong, and we are continuing to work to further improve and enhance the digital customer experience at every step of the sale.  One critical advantage of our omnichannel model is the ability for the customer to choose how they progress their experience. As previously discussed, our initial rollout of our omnichannel platform enables customers to buy a vehicle online. The parts of the transaction may have required assistance from our CECs.  In the fourth quarter, we made significant progress enabling self-service for all components of the sale. Exiting the quarter, approximately 25% of our customers were eligible to buy vehicle online independently if they chose, up significantly from the third quarter. We expect most of our customers to have visibility by the end of the second quarter.  Additionally, in Q4, about 3/4 of our customers advanced their transaction digitally, with approximately 5% buying the vehicle online. We consider an online purchase to be when all major activity leading up to the purchase is performed independent of our stores. We expect our online sales will grow robustly, as we continue to enhance our marketing and digital capabilities.  As a reminder, we will be hosting a Virtual Analyst Day on May 6, where we will take a deeper dive into our online capabilities and our technology and data advantages. At that time, we will also discuss new metrics around online orders and how they are fulfilled as well as providing insight on our longer-term outlook and expectations.  Now I'll take a moment to highlight some recent enhancements we have made to the customer experience. First is our online instant appraisal offer, which allows us to quickly give customers an offer on their vehicle. This offering was first introduced and tested on edmunds.com in June. In February, we completed the national rollout of this offering on carmax.com. Early response has been strong, with online buys quickly exceeding our expectations, providing us with a clear pathway to become the largest online buyer of used autos from consumers.  At the end of the fourth quarter, we launched the ability for customers to get penny-perfect, transactable financing offers in our online checkout process. With these enhancements, customers can apply and accept finance offers without needing the assistance of an associate to submit a credit application over the phone or in the store. We are rapidly expanding this feature to our overall customer base in the first quarter.  We know our customer-centric approach is a differentiator for CarMax, and we will never stop innovating on behalf of our customers. In January, we introduced our new industry-leading signature customer experience, Love Your Car Guarantee. This gives customers the ability to take 24-hour test drives before committing to purchase, and extends our 7-day money back guarantee to a 30-day money back guarantee, which is unmatched in the automotive industry. It's too early to identify trends, but preliminary results show these offerings are highly valued by our customers.  As we continue enhancing our online experience and offerings, it's important to educate our customers on our omnichannel experience to differentiate and elevate the CarMax brand and our position in this evolving marketplace.  In the fourth quarter, we introduced the next phase of our national multimedia marketing campaign that began last year to increase awareness of our core omnichannel capabilities, which was highly successful. We set records every week for web visits since being introduced, reaching more than 8 million weekly visits by the end of February.  After the campaign launch, web traffic and Google query volumes were both up over 25% versus the prior months. We want to continue this momentum and ensure customers understand that CarMax offers the ultimate flexibility to shop and buy on their terms, their way. Accordingly, as Enrique mentioned earlier, we are planning on increasing our spend on both awareness and acquisition marketing in FY '22.  We will continue to evolve our business as an omnichannel retailer by innovating at an accelerated pace, leveraging our scale across technology, data, talent and physical assets to unlock opportunities to compete across the used auto ecosystem. This is why we're excited to announce that we've signed a definitive agreement to acquire Edmunds, one of the most influential and popular automotive research sites in the world.  Over the past years, our teams have had the opportunity to collaborate with Edmunds on a number of strategic initiatives, including our instant online appraisal offer and leveraging its proprietary content on carmax.com. We've been extremely impressed with its technology, content and online experience as well as its talented tech and creative teams. We believe we can both unlock additional value by working together to streamline the user experience across the entire car buying and selling journey, in addition to identifying other digitally focused opportunities. One thing that has become clear is that we share a commitment of delivering the highest quality online experience to our customers and dealers.  Edmunds is a widely recognized and deeply trusted brand. It will continue to operate its core business independently and will remain focused on delivering confidence to consumers and excellent value to its dealer and OEM clients. We are confident this transaction will drive shareholder value as we are able to leverage our combined size, scale and extensive industry expertise for the benefit of both businesses.  To sum up, we are very proud of our performance during this difficult year. We're even more excited about how our continued investments in our existing business and in Edmunds are positioning us to be further differentiated and even more competitive. We expect robust top line, bottom line and market share growth for the upcoming year that is a result of not only lapping COVID, but demonstrating the impact of the investments we've made and the experiences we are providing.  At this point, we will be happy to take your questions. Carol?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question this morning comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: I have two questions, but I think the first is pretty [vast] [ph]. Your inventory has gone down a lot in March, kind of an unusual amount. Can you talk about how you're positioned from an inventory perspective to meet demand and whether there will be any kind of unusual cost this quarter to ramp back up inventory?  And then the second question was on CAF and the expansion of Tier 3. Can you give us any idea of what the profitability is of Tier 3 on a per car basis relative to the $750 that you discount to the third-party lenders?
William Nash: Okay. Sharon, first, I'll talk about the inventory, and then I'll let Jon talk about the CAF question. So you are right. At the end of the quarter, our saleable inventory is low. But again, that is a function of the fact that we had some COVID and weather shutdowns.  So in the rise in COVID, we had to shut down some production locations. We also had some production locations shut down because of the weather. And so that's really why we're a little bit behind on saleable inventory. At the end of the quarter, I think we were down about 20% on saleable inventory.  I would just point out, though, that if you look at our overall inventory year-over-year, we're actually up a little bit. So we've got the inventory. It's just a matter of producing. In fact, I think we ended the quarter north of 155,000 units.  So it's just a matter of working through that. And we're confident we have the capacity. Now it's just a matter of getting the inventory back to our target. So -- and I'll let Jon answer the CAF question.
Jon Daniels: Yes, Sharon, thanks for your question. On Tier 3, moving from 5% to 10% for CAF, the profit per unit on that vehicle is relatively consistent to our Tier 1 vehicle. It will sit depending on funding costs between $2,000 and $2,500 in this funding environment. We'll see how it plays out over the course of the year, and that's -- you can compare that to the $750 we would pay in a discount.  I think an important point to note here is, though, because of CECL regulation, we will have to, as we book those loans, reserve for the full loss impact of that immediately. And so therefore, this will probably be a headwind for us in the upcoming year. But obviously, the lifetime profit will play itself out over time.
Sharon Zackfia: Can I just ask a follow-up? So on your website right now, it says there are 24,500 cars. Is that -- is there some disconnect there between what's on the website versus what you actually have?
William Nash: Yes. So Sharon, on the website, all that you're seeing right now is saleable inventory. We have very little that we put as far as coming soon. What you don't see on there are customer transfers. You don't see the transfers that are going between stores, so say, a hub store and a satellite. You don't see sale pending.  If you took all that into consideration, you actually at least double the number that you currently see on the website. And then, of course, it doesn't include the work in process, which is really what gets you to about the 150,000 total units that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison from Baird.
Craig Kennison: Bill, you've said that you want CarMax to be the largest buyer of used autos from consumers. What is your estimate for that total addressable market in terms of the number of cars? And then on a related note, can you share any metrics to illustrate your activity levels or your buy rate activity on the online appraisal tool that you're using to source those cars?
William Nash: Sure. Craig, so first of all, let me just clarify something. It's not that I want to be the largest buyer of used cars from consumers. We're already the largest buyer of used cars from consumers. I certainly want to continue to buy every single one that we can. If I think about the total addressable market, 40 million used cars exchange hands every year. And in that number, obviously, is person to person. So that's how I kind of think about the overall market.  And as far as the online appraisal offer, yes, we're really excited about this. It's exceeding our expectations. On carmax.com, we really got it up kind of middle of February, so we only have the partial month. And obviously, we've been testing, so we have seen some trends before that.  But if I look at the quarter as a whole, the online buys were about 10% of the total appraisal lane buys that we made. And of that, just because we got the carmax.com up towards the end of the quarter, most of those buys came through our relationship with Edmunds. But as I said, just the trajectory of where we see those things going, we think, in very short order, we'll buy more than anyone else online from consumers.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Murphy from Bank of America.
John Murphy: I just wanted to kind of maybe stay on this line of questioning on sourcing vehicles. I mean, obviously, the market itself is very tight right now without a lot of flow into the secondary market, the used market. But there's also a lot of dealers and maybe even some new competition that are grabbing vehicles or buying vehicles as well to resale. And particularly with the new vehicle dealers, they're higher in the funnel and getting access to some trade-ins, obviously, as people are selling new vehicles.  So Bill, just curious, as you think about this going forward, how much of this tightness in supply that you can get for yourselves to retail is transitory? And how much of it is somewhat more of a secular shift than an increased focus by the dealers and maybe the other competition and is making it a little bit harder to get inventory?  And then also, is this Edmunds purchase or acquisition, really, the key here is focused on sourcing vehicles online? Is that really what this is? Because I know it's a big lead generator for a lot of dealers, so there's a lot of other angles to what Edmunds delivers. But is the key to you sourcing these vehicles directly from the consumer online?
William Nash: All right, John, I'll try to hit all this. You got a lot of stuff in there. First of all, as we've been talking about for several quarters, vehicle acquisition is a strategic initiative that we've been focused on. And to your point, if you look at the supply out there, yes, the supply is probably going down a little bit versus prior years. The great thing for us is that we get such a large amount through the appraisal lane. It really helps to alleviate anything outside of CarMax.  Our focus with the online is to continue to drive as much as we can of buying vehicles right from the consumers, and we see this as a potential to really increase our self-sufficiency, which we think is a huge competitive advantage. And again, it's one of the reasons why we've been focused on it, and we'll continue to invest in here.  Now as far as Edmunds goes, look, the online piece of Edmunds, that's only a small piece. It's only a small benefit of the whole transaction. That's not the reason that we have decided to acquire Edmund. It absolutely has been a successful partnership on that piece of it, and we think there's a lot of opportunity to still do on the acquisition.  But there's other components. We've been working with the content, for example. There's other things at Edmunds that we feel like having the 2 companies come together will take 2 great companies and strengthen both of them.  So self-sufficiency and buying through the A lane, increasing that, whether it be through online or through the traditional A lane is absolutely a focus for us going forward.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. It's important to remember as well that we buy cars better than anybody. We always have and we'll continue to do so. All we're doing now is that we're extending that to online. So the combination of in-store and online, we're just going to continue doing that better than anybody.
John Murphy: Can you guys just give us an idea of where you think you will go in sourcing vehicles directly from the consumer as opposed to auctions? I know we traditionally thought around 50-50, but sometimes -- different times, it kind of ebbs and flows. I mean, is this kind of thing where you're going to 60% to 70% to 80% source from consumers and move away from auctions?
William Nash: So John, the way I think about it is more on the self-sufficiency side. First of all, whether it's a retail or a wholesale car, we want them all. But I think -- when I think about from a self-sufficiency side, we've been somewhere in the, let's call it, 35% to 50% self-sufficiency over the, let's call it, the last 5 years.  I would expect this to take us to numbers that really are historic highs, if not kind of breaking the ceiling on the self-sufficiency. So our goal is to continue to see how far we can push that number on the north side.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Bill, I was hoping you could provide some more color around the price tests. How broadly do you expect to extend those? What have you learned in terms of the sweet spot for discounts? And how much lift are you seeing from tests, thus far?
William Nash: Yes. So Seth, I'll talk a little bit about kind of the extent of the test, and I'll let Enrique just talk about the focus here. But -- so as I said in the comments, we did expand the test. We have the test in a bunch of stores.  Now I would say that we never would -- will expect to do this in all the stores. It just doesn't make sense. And we know the differences between markets and different stores, and the elasticity is very different in different markets.  So as I've said in the opening remarks, we're going to continue with this into the first quarter, but we're going to monitor the macro factors. And obviously, there's a lot going on right now as far as from a macro standpoint. We talked a little about, in John's question, that the -- a lot of supply has tightened up a little bit. You've got some things going on, on the new car side as far as new car availability. You -- we've got tax refunds that are going that have been delayed and kind of pushing into March. You've got stimulus money out there. So there's a lot of different things kind of going on.  Also macro factors, you have to watch. You just continue to monitor what your competitors are doing. And whether that's their sales price or their margins, you have to take all that in consideration. So we'll continue with these.  Like Enrique said earlier, we're pleased with them. But I'll turn it over to Enrique and let him just expand on some of the profitability stuff.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, absolutely. So it's important to remember, we're solving for 2 things, right? We're solving for driving increased sales to lower prices. But at the same time, we're also driving for increased profitability.  And what we've seen in this test is really 2 things. One is the same level of sales elasticity. However, what we've seen is greater profitability flow-through, and there's really kind of 2 reasons why we've seen that greater flow-through.  Number one is higher finance income, so CAF originations much more profitable in this environment as well as the renegotiated third-party finance fees. And the second is just lower variable costs as we migrate towards our CECs.  And so we've been really pleased with the results. We've seen, again, increased sales and increased profitability. So we expect to continue to test and, as Bill mentioned, while also watching the macro environment.
Seth Basham: That's helpful. Just as a follow-up, when do you expect to have better data on whether or not you plan to roll this out across the chain? Obviously, this is a unique period of time with all the macro factors you mentioned. Could this be a multi-quarter test before you have a clear picture?
William Nash: Yes. I think it's a great question, Seth. Just because of those macro factors, we generally -- we get reads on these very quickly. Like I said, we got to read it. We like the results. But again, we've got to see how the rest of this quarter shapes up from -- it's more of the macro factors versus kind of internally. So I would stay tuned on that. I think we'll probably have an update on that in the -- on the Analyst Day in May.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: So I'm going to -- I've got a couple of questions on merging together. First off, just with regard to -- Bill, you talked about the business into -- I guess, into the fiscal Q1 or March. Can you help size better just that sales reacceleration, particularly against the -- I guess, you thought it was on kind of a mid-single-digit used car unit increase in February until the weather hit.  And then the second question I have, a bit just unrelated. But with regard to the renegotiation of the fees in the finance business, those of us who watch CarMax for a long time, we've talked about this before a long time. Why now? I mean why -- what allowed you to -- you as a company to make this shift at this point?
William Nash: Great, Brian. I'll let John talk about the CAF in just a moment. I can't believe it's taking us like 5 or 6 questions for somebody to actually ask about the sales performance, but I appreciate you asking.  Look, if I think about March, as I said in the opening remarks, it's robust. And actually, it's a great -- March has been a great month for us. It's been a record month for us. We've sold more than 100,000 cars in the month of March for the first time in the company's history.  And I would tell you, it doesn't really make sense to think about comps this year versus last year just because of the COVID impact. The way I think about them is we should really be comparing them to March of 2019, so 2 years ago.  March of 2019 was the old record of number of vehicles that we sold. And what I'm most encouraged about is if I compare our March performance this year to 2 years ago, we're seeing double-digit growth on top of that March, which just really speaks to a lot of the things that are going on.  I mean, sure, some of what's going on are macro factors beyond our control. When you think about the pushing of the tax -- some of the tax refund money into March, you think about the stimulus, I absolutely get that, and that's helping drive some of that tailwind.  But we're really excited about the tailwind beyond that. So we're -- as we said in our opening remarks, we're excited about 2021. I think the quarter -- I'm sorry, 2022 -- FY 2022. The quarter, unfortunately, it's just -- it's the ending of a very volatile year for us.  I would just remind everyone. If you go back to FY '20, it was a great year, double-digit top line growth, high mid-single-digit comp growth. We continue that into the beginning of FY '21, up until the point we hit the pandemic. And then since the pandemic has been in place, it's obviously been a very volatile year.  Looking at the fourth quarter, the pandemic also started -- caused some of the volatility at the beginning of the quarter with December. And we talked about that in the last call, we had a big surge in COVID cases. And we had a bunch of markets that went back into lockdown mode.  I'll give you one example. The state of California, which has been typically one of the most restrictive states, limiting occupancy to 20% and 25%, that went back into that mode of 20%, 25% in December. A market like that, what we saw is that occupancy restriction causes that market to perform on average north of 10% worse than the rest of the organization.  So we had that headwind on the occupancy restrictions in December and in January. Both of those 2 months, we had more than 50 stores that were less than 50% occupancy, and that -- less than 50% is difficult for us. You get to 50% above, we can work through that. But just given the traffic that comes into our store, it's hard to manage that.  But that being said, we started out December, negative 4. We're able to do better than that at the end of December. We were still negative. But then coming into January, and if I look at January, it was the most normal, if there is such thing, normal month.  We didn't have tax refund delays. We didn't have bad weather. What we really had to contend with were these occupancy restrictions. And even with the occupancy restrictions, we were seeing comps north of 7% in January, which we feel great about. And I really do think that's continuing some of the trends that we saw in the prior year and our investments coming forward.  Then we get into February, clipping along, and like I said in the opening remarks, we were looking -- even though we started down the hall, we were looking at a mid-single-digit comp, excluding the impact of Leap Day. Now keep in mind, Leap Day last year was a Saturday, and our stores are at the busiest day of the week.  So excluding that, we were at mid-single-digit comp, and then we hit the weather constraints and just the delay of the tax refunds. I think, in February, returns were down about 30% year-over-year. So that's a little bit more color on that. Let me pass it to Jon to talk about the other questions.
Jon Daniels: Sure. Brian, thanks for your question on the piece. So your question was why now. And a fair question. I think, really, three things I'd point to there versus I think it's just a very favorable lending environment right now. I think customers are performing well, and I think those finance companies and lenders are anxious to extend money out to customers that are performing well.  It's absolutely a favorable funding environment. That's very clear. So those 2 things certainly made it easier. And I think all of our lenders in our platform are really excited about CarMax's growth. So they're excited about what's coming in the future. They love CarMax collateral.  So all those things together, I just made it feel like it was the right time. I think some might want to drive home, though, as we think about fees or our entire platform, whether it be the fees and discounts, the partners that we have in the platform, where CAF participates in the platform, the most important thing we're looking to deliver from our finance platform is highly competitive offers across the credit spectrum in all economic environments. And we want to do that such that we can scale that as CarMax scales.  So we're always going to look at that platform and look to optimize it. It felt the right time to make the fee changes now, but we were very careful and looked at what the impact of sales were there. And if we make any changes in the future, we will stay very focused on providing those strong credit offers. So that's the most important to us.
William Nash: Brian, one more thing, too. I just want to point out. I talked about the occupancy restrictions. I'm going to knock on wood. But as of right now, although we have about 1/3 of our stores still on occupancy restrictions, the key factor is we only have one store at this point that's less than that 50%. And again, that's an important threshold for us.
Brian Nagel: Got it. I appreciate all the color. So Bill, just to clarify. So the month of March, you sold 100,000 cars, if I heard that right, and that's up double digits from -- you're saying that's up double digits from what the number was for '19.
William Nash: That's correct. And I think that's the way we should all be thinking about this year. I think, trying to relate comps this year versus last year, I think that's a -- I just don't think that's a good exercise. I think we should relate it back to '19, which was a great year for us, and we sold a lot of cars. And so that's what's really encouraging is that if you look at -- because that March of '19 was the past record, and we beat that by double digits.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Ciccarelli: Well, just can I verify the double-digit you just referenced on Brian's question? Is that comp? Or is that total that includes new stores?
William Nash: That is both. It's both. It's comp and total.
Robert Ciccarelli: Got it. Helpful. So especially since you are trying to help everyone understand kind of like the sales pace and variances, et cetera, can you provide any more details on what you're seeing in the Atlanta market from a market share sales perspective just given the seasoning in your omnichannel offering?  And kind of related to that, is there anything unique that you're doing in that market? Because at one point, I know there were some unusual things you're doing with marketing and pricing that you hadn't rolled out everywhere. Or is everything kind of a blanket offer -- a blanket testing at this point?
William Nash: Yes. So Scot, on the Atlanta, as I said in the opening remarks, the -- we actually maintained the market share in Atlanta. And if I look at the fourth quarter, comps in Atlanta were actually about 6.5%. So we -- again, we're encouraged by that.  And look, we have some older waves that we've rolled out omni that also had comps in the quarter, but then you also -- it gets hard to look at the waves because the waves had some stores that were impacted by weather, some that weren't. So again, Atlanta is kind of the clean look at it.  As far as different things, when we started doing the expanded pricing test and looking at the marketing, a lot of that was from the learnings that we had in Atlanta. So we're starting to -- obviously, we've started to put that out in other markets.  I think the other thing to remember is when we roll new things out, so for example, if you think about self-serve, the first market we put that in is Atlanta. Generally, we roll things there first. So they're always getting things a little bit earlier than everyone else. So that would be the other -- the difference that I would point to as well.  But on the self-serve, again, I just -- we're excited about that because I think the team has done a tremendous amount of work. We -- coming out of the second quarter, we've got 25% of our customers were available to use it. And we think that most of the customers by the end of the second quarter will have that option.
Robert Ciccarelli: That's helpful. And just one more follow-up, if I can. Is there any demographic differences for people utilizing the omnichannel than what your typical customer cohort would be?
William Nash: Yes. No, it's interesting. We don't really see any big shift in demographics. It's -- it very much mirrors the typical CarMax customer that would come into the store.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Montani from Evercore ISI.
Michael Montani: Just wanted to ask, if I could, where the self-sufficiency ratio was for fiscal fourth quarter and then for the prior year. And then I had a quick follow-up for that.
William Nash: Yes. So Michael, the self-sufficiency for the quarter was around -- it was a little bit above 40%, 41-ish percent, and that's up from the prior year's fourth quarter, where it was down in the 30s, mid- to -- really kind of mid-30s, around 35% or so.
Michael Montani: Okay. And then the follow-up I had was just to get some sense of magnitude on the potential tailwind to GPUs from self-sufficiency. I've been thinking of it as maybe $600 to $1,000 a unit, all else equal. And I guess, I wouldn't insinuate that you all would flow all of that through, but it just seems like if GPU is still going to be down, even with that kind of a tailwind, it suggests that you're getting really sharp on price and doing a lot of free transfers. So just wanted to understand how you think about striking that competitive balance as well.
William Nash: Yes. I mean, I think you bring up a good point. I mean, the more we can buy through the appraisal lane, it obviously is -- it's better from a profitability standpoint. If you think about it, you're not paying auction fees in a lot of cases. In all the cases right now, we don't -- we're not having to transport them from an auction. They're actually at the store.  So we take that's part of how we manage our overall margin. And at times, we'll take some of those synergies, and we'll obviously pass along in prices, which would be really hard for you guys to see. Other times, obviously, we have the option to manage our margin and get to the margin where we want to be. So it's a balancing act, and it's one that we'll continue to take into consideration as well as continuing to look at the macro factors as we go forward on our pricing test.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rajat Gupta from JPMorgan.
Rajat Gupta: Just to follow up on like the 100,000 number for March. Maybe talk about some stimulus and tax refunds shift, maybe some recovery from the poor weather in Texas, some deferred purchases because of that. Like is there any way to quantify how many of those 100,000 units may have been a shift from Feb to March as you have seen in any other normal year? And just like just -- could you give us a sense of the mix of alternate delivery channel volumes in the fourth quarter and in March as well? And I have just one more follow-up.
William Nash: Okay. Rajat, so as far as the sales shift, really, it's hard to quantify, especially break it down between the weather and the delay in tax refunds. I think the best way to think about that is kind of how I talked about it earlier that, coming into February, middle of February, we would have -- excluding the impact of the Leap Day, we would have been running about a mid-single-digit comp. And obviously, that's not where we ended up. So that's one way to think about.  We ended up at negative 2, 3. That's one way to think about the weather and the taxes combined, but it's really hard to parse out. And it's hard to know exactly, obviously, how much is impacted.  So as far as the alternative delivery, just to remind everybody, alternative delivery is both home delivery, but it's also express pickup or curbside pickup. That's still -- we're seeing still -- it's under 10% of overall delivery. And again, that's a number, while we have reported out on it, it's one that -- it's not like we're trying to drive that.  Again, this is all about giving the customer the experience they want. If they want home delivery, great. If they want to pick it up in the store, great. So -- but to answer your question, it's about -- it's under 10% of the overall.  I think the other thing, Rajat, is the thing that I introduced, which is the online sales. That's kind of a new way, a new metric that we're -- we talked about on this call. And obviously, in May, we'll have more on these metrics. But 5% of our customers essentially did the whole transaction online. And then to us, we don't care how they get it fulfilled, whether it's in the store or if it's at-home. And we expect that 5% to continue to go up.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. And so just on a previous question, like have you been able to gauge any impact from the stimulus package separately that might have helped March? Or any sense of that? Like what kind of contribution that might have had to your growth in March?
William Nash: Yes. So I mean, obviously, it's having an impact. Again, it's like the weather and the tax delay refund. It's hard to gauge. But I think the thing that we're excited about is you've got different ranges, and it's not an exact science.  But we just feel like the increase that we're seeing is beyond the stimulus. It's beyond the weather rollover. It's beyond the delay in tax refunds. And it really speaks to all the investments that we've been making on so many different fronts. And that's what we're excited about.
Rajat Gupta: Got it, got it. That's helpful. And then just on the SG&A line, you talked about increased investment. The overhead cost bucket moved higher sequentially. Our understanding, based on some comments on like previous earnings calls, were like there were some permanent reductions that took place there. So just curious on how we should think about that line item specifically going into fiscal 2022 and beyond. What kind of investments are going on there? Like how much is fixed versus variables, et cetera? Just any color on that would be really helpful.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. The way we think about it now is absolutely the right time to invest in growing our business, and that's the path forward that we've been taking. The industry and CarMax, we're at an inflection point, so we believe investment is the right point in time is now.  I think it's also important to recognize that the investments we're making are also impacting our appraisal and our wholesale business, which we have focused some of our investments on, and we'll be talking about that in the upcoming Analyst Day. We'll speak to think -- we'll speak to how we think about SG&A in light of these investments at a really growing multiple components of our business, not just our used unit business.  I would look specifically. To answer your question, the other line in SG&A. That actually is where you'll find some of our strategic investments, and we expect that line will go up. It has been offset over the past year and will continue to be offset by efficiency gains that we have across the business and that we're always focused on, but that line item specifically tags to our strategic investments as well around technology.
William Nash: And Rajat, the only other thing that I would add to that is if all we were focused on this year was continuing our -- improving our omnichannel experience, you would have seen a cost of -- a bend in the cost curve from an SG&A standpoint. But to Enrique's point, now is the time to continue to invest, and we're investing in all different parts of the business. So -- which is also why Enrique said, you got to look at the kind of the two year 5% to 8% in order to lever. So I just wanted to add that as well.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. That's super helpful. And then if I could just squeeze in one more on the Edmunds. You talked about like neutral from an accretion standpoint, including like the financing and the equity, I guess. Any way to think about like just like gross profit or like EBIT contribution from the deal? Will you be reporting that? When will that go in effectively? Or will it just be a separate line item or something? Just any color on that would be helpful. That's all.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. We do anticipate that we'll be reporting Edmunds as an operating segment, so you'll have a view into, certainly, the revenue, which we announced today, what their last year's revenue was as well as profitability. What I'd tell you, though, is if you take a step back from an impact accretiveness, dilution impact upon the transaction, it's really immaterial to CarMax in the immediacy. What I'd tell you is that we expect to create a significant amount of shareholder value creation from the acquisition, and we expect that to start in fairly short order as well.  We have been partnering with Edmunds and the great people there for over the past year at this point, so we are really familiar with what benefits we can both accrue from our relationship. And we decided to exercise our option and pull the full acquisition, largely because we've seen the benefits over the past year of our partnerships.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rick Nelson from Stephens.
Nels Nelson: Like supply constraints are pretty low document. It's on the new car side. I'm curious how you see that impacting your business. And any view as to when you think new car supplies will normalize and how that might impact when they hit?
William Nash: Yes. Rick, it's hard to know when the new car supply is going to continue to ramp up. I mean, they're obviously facing some major chip shortage. I think the supply -- the tightening of the supply is going to be around here for a while.  That being said, I go back to some of my earlier comments, which is we source a lot of vehicles through our appraisal lane. And the more that we do that, the better it is for the organization. So we don't rely on the wholesale supply for all of our inventory, which -- I feel like there's plenty of supply out there. You've got to work a little bit harder, but I would add on top of that is because we're buying so much to the appraisal lane, it doesn't really have that much of an impact on our business, other than it could cause the overall sales price -- the average sales price to go up for everyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Exane BNP Paribas.
Chris Bottiglieri: So first one, I want to follow up on the Tier 2, Tier 3. Congrats on getting that lower Tier 3 fee. Never made sense in the first place. But once we exit this bizarre credit world that we're in, where losses are lower, right, but higher unemployment, if things go back to kind of pre-COVID trends. Do you expect the change in fee structure to stick? Is this permanent? Or is this like -- that is the piece that what I want to understand, whether it's environment-driven or like, moving forward in perpetuity, will that $750 stay?
William Nash: Yes. I mean, thanks for the question, Chris. It's hard to say if it's going to stick. This is very fluid environment. We're always looking to optimize the platform clearly. Clearly, it's a very positive credit environment in which we're operating right now, but I think our lenders are in this for the long haul. They see the growth potential there. So we will work with them carefully and assess if the fee structure is correct. We don't expect it to whipsaw back and forth quarter after quarter, but we will keep a careful eye on it.  Again, one thing I want to drive home is, again, our structures with our partners, we have many partners in place. They provide the quality offers that we are able to give our customers in all the economic times, bizarre economic times and good times as well. So they have been critical to the success that we have had over the years, including the Tier 3 space, where we believe that is truly an incremental sale.  So we value them. We work very carefully with them to make sure that everybody is winning in this platform, and we're poised for growth. So we feel real good about our platform right now.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. That's really helpful. And then my next question is on the allowance. Obviously, a lot of noise this year because the loss environment we spoke about a second ago and then CECL implementation. So can you kind of help frame for us like how to think about the allowance?  Like let's just say the world goes back to normal, credit losses normalize, CECL is still intact. Like what's your allowance look like given the profile of the risk characteristics you're looking at today? Like what's a normalized allowance for a kind of normal cycle? Like what should that number look like? It's been just hard to forecast, frankly.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes. So the metric that I'll point you to, again, is that reserve divided by receivables, it's 2.97% for this quarter. Remember, coming down from 3.17% the previous quarter. Remember, also in that metric is the Tier 1 allowance, the Tier 3 allowance and the required recovery expense for CECL.  So I would say we're still north of what we consider normal times. We've always quoted 2% to 2.5% for the Tier 1 business. Obviously, again, you get that Tier 3 in the recovery in there. But we're still north of it. And I would point you that 2% to 2.5% for Tier 1 business is probably where we would expect to revert back to when things go back to normal.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session as we have reached 10:00 a.m. Those who are waiting in queue can reach out to Investor Relations to have the questions answered. I will now turn the call back over to Bill Nash for closing remarks.
William Nash: Thank you, Carol. Look, we've covered a lot today. A few takeaways. One, we feel great about the trajectory of the business and the outlook for fiscal 2022. We think that the past investments, our current investments, our ability to quickly innovate, innovate on things like the online appraisal, innovate on things like self-serve, that it will create an omnichannel experience and a value proposition that's really unrivaled in the car industry and will allow us to capture an increased market share.  We're excited about the Edmunds acquisition and working with that talented team to make both companies stronger.  And finally, I look forward to our Analyst Day on May 6 to dive a little bit deeper into the business and discuss new metrics and share how we're thinking about the future.  I also just want to take a moment to thank all of our associates for their contributions. This past year, it was extremely challenging for everyone, and our associates did a remarkable job of not only taking care of each other and the customers, but really helping us to innovate the company forward. And I'm tremendously proud of all their efforts. And I'm proud to work with all of them.  And finally, to all of you on the call, we appreciate your continued support at CarMax, and we look forward to talking with you again at our Analyst Day on May 6.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2020-12-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2021 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Stacy Frole, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Stacy Frole: Thank you, Carole. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2021 third quarter earnings conference call. I am here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President of Finance; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CAF operations. Let me remind you our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s Form 8-K issued this morning and its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2020 filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422 extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Stacy. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. You may have seen in our announcement in this morning’s 8-K that Tom will retire on February 28. Before we get started, I want to take a moment to congratulate and thank him for his tremendous contributions to CarMax. Tom’s expertise, strategic focus, and leadership have helped us build a best-in-class finance organization, and he has been instrumental in guiding us through the largest transformation in our company’s history. Tom, thank you for all that you have done. We wish you the very best in your well-earned retirement. Jon Daniels, who many of you already know, will continue leading our CarMax Auto Finance team and will begin reporting directly to me. On today’s call, we will first discuss our third quarter financial performance and then turn to an update on our omni-channel experience and other strategic initiatives before opening it up for questions. Our diversified business model spanning retail, wholesale, and auto finance combined with strong execution by our teams and disciplined cost management, delivered another great quarter of strong EPS growth even as retail sales were hampered in the back part of the quarter due to macro factors. CarMax Auto Finance or CAF continued to deliver solid results this quarter with income up 55%. In addition, CAF and our partner lenders delivered strong conversion in all credit tiers. Jon will provide more details on customer financing and CAF contribution shortly. Our wholesale business also delivered strong results with volumes up 10.8%, which was driven by a record third quarter appraisal buyer rate. The strength of our buyers, our algorithms, and extensive datasets enabled these results with only a slight year-over-year decrease in wholesale gross profit per unit to $906. This is despite sharp depreciation in the broader market. All auctions will run virtually throughout the quarter. Total retail used unit sales were up 1% compared with the same period a year ago, while used unit comps were down less than 1%. Gross profit per retail used unit for the quarter was 2,151 comparable with last year’s third quarter. However, this feud doesn’t really paint a full picture of how the macroenvironment impacted our retail business. For the first part of the quarter, we achieved mid-single-digit comp growth, continuing the positive momentum from the end of the second quarter. However, the election approached and there was another surge in COVID-19 cases, which tightened occupancy restrictions and shelter-in-place orders, we saw demand soften. As a result, sales trended down in the back part of the quarter. This trend has continued into the first 2 weeks of December with sales down approximately 4% year over year. As a reminder, last year, we had a strong fourth quarter and an added benefit of Leap Day. Looking ahead, we are confident the sales trends we experienced in the latter part of the third quarter and into December are shorter term in nature. Today, approximately half of our stores have occupancy restrictions in place due to state and local government mandates. Of these, more than 40 stores have mandates limiting capacity to 25% or less. Even with these restrictions, our omnichannel experience is allowing customers to connect and transact with us in more ways than ever. As we continue investing in our systems, our people, and our offerings, we are confident the experience we offer will continue to attract more customers to CarMax and better serve all their needs whether that’s online through our CECs, in-store, or through whatever combination they choose. I will speak to the ongoing enhancements to our omnichannel experience later. But first, I would like to turn the call over to Enrique to provide more information on our third quarter financial performance, and then to Jon who will provide additional detail around consumer financing. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill and good morning, everyone. For the quarter, other gross profit increased $4.7 million or 5%. EPP profits grew by $4.6 million or 4.8% due primarily to favorable adjustments to cancellation reserves and profit sharing revenue recognized in the quarter. In the third quarter, we maintained our ESP penetration rate at 60% comparable with the prior year quarter. On the SG&A front, we continue to do an excellent job in maintaining cost discipline, while supporting the growth of our omnichannel experience and pursuing other investment opportunities. For the third quarter, expenses decreased 1.2% or approximately $6 million to $479 million. SG&A per unit was $2,461, a year-over-year leverage of $57 per unit on the quarter. The decrease in SG&A was driven by a $16 million decrease in stock-based compensation expense and a $15 million decrease in other overhead costs. The decrease in other overhead costs was due primarily to pandemic-related reductions and year-over-year favorability due to lower litigation expenses in the third quarter. These SG&A reductions were partially offset by the following notable SG&A expense drivers for the third quarter, a 13% increase in advertising expense, the opening of 11 stores since the beginning of the third quarter of last year, which represents a 5% growth in our store base, and continued spending to advance our technology platforms and strategic initiatives.  As we discussed in our last call, we are increasing our marketing spend in the second half of the year. For the third quarter, this spend included additional investments in SEM, content, and social as we look to drive customers to our digital properties. This spend on the quarter brings our year-to-date advertising expense to $144 million, up 2% or $3 million when compared with the same 9-month period last year. On a full-year basis for fiscal year 2021, we anticipate advertising spend will be up roughly $25 million when compared with the prior fiscal year. The vast majority of this increase will occur in the fourth quarter and will be driven by heavier broadcasting in support of the next evolution of our brand campaign. This campaign will focus on clearly differentiating our brand and demonstrating the benefits of our omnichannel experience. We will also continue spending on ROI-based digital investments. From a capital allocation perspective, our priority is to fund growth initiatives. We continue to be focused on aggressively investing in the digital capabilities required to enhance our omnichannel experience, the expansion of vehicle and customer acquisitions, and the strategic expansion of our store footprint. In the third quarter, we resumed construction activity on new stores that we had paused in the first quarter due to the pandemic. We are currently planning to open 8 to 10 new stores in FY ‘22. Our unique business model generates a significant amount of cash. So, while our priority remains on investing in our growth, this strength allows us to also return capital back to our shareholders. In the third quarter, we resumed our share buyback program repurchasing approximately 1.2 million shares for $109.2 million in the quarter. We have $1.4 million remaining – $1.4 billion remaining on the current authorization. Finally, we ended the quarter modestly below our historical leverage target of 35% to 45% adjusted debt to capital. As you can see, our diversified business model, operating excellence and strong cash generation positioned us extremely well as we manage through a dynamic environment. I will now turn the call over to Jon.
Jon Daniels: Thanks, Enrique and good morning everyone. As Phil mentioned, CarMax Auto Finance and our lending partners continued to deliver solid results. For the third quarter, net of 3-day payoffs, CAF’s penetration was 45.7% compared with 43.3% a year ago. Tier 2 accounted for 19.5% of used unit sales compared with 20.4% last year. Tier 3 was up slightly to 9.7% compared with 9.5% a year ago. Recall that the distribution realized across the tiers is a function of both lender behavior as well as the credit mix of applicants. Year-over-year, CAF’s net loans originated grew by 7% to $1.8 billion. The weighted average contract rate charged to new customers was 8.6%, up from 8.1% a year ago and 8.2% in the second quarter. Regarding the portfolio, the overall interest margin increased to 6.3% versus 5.7% in the same period last year as we realized significant benefit from lower funding costs. We continue to efficiently fund our business through the ABS market and our most recent transaction in October was very well received by investors. CAF income was up 55% to $176 million in the quarter, reflecting reduced loss provision, plus an increase in both interest margin and average managed receivables. The provision for loan losses was $8 million, resulting in an ending reserve balance of $432 million for the third quarter, the total reserve at 3.17% of managed receivables, which is moderately lower than the 3.23% at the end of the second quarter. While we recognized significant favorability from losses relative to the expectations at the end of Q2, we believe the reserve adequately reflects the unpredictability of the current environment and the uncertain consumer situation. Before turning the call back over to Bill, I would really like to take this opportunity to recognize the outstanding performance of our many associates dedicated to certainly credit needs of our customers. Our ability to consistently provide exceptional customer service from purchase to payoff was never more apparent than in this past year and is yet another aspect of our business that sets us apart from others. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Jon and Enrique. Our teams continue to execute in this dynamic environment. Despite the near-term market challenges that follow the trajectory of the pandemic, our fundamentals remained strong. We have an agile business model that generates a significant amount of cash and we are in the best position within the used car industry to further expand our market share and deliver shareholder value over the longer term. The CarMax experience is about putting the customer in the driver seat and providing them with a great service regardless of how they choose to interact with us. To do that, we have been transforming every aspect of our business, from supporting systems to how we operate the physical stores in order to create an efficient, seamless process for the customer and our associates. Last quarter, we announced that we had completed the national rollout of our omni-channel experience. We now have a common platform in place across all of CarMax that leverages our scale, nationwide footprint and infrastructure and empowers our customers to buy vehicle on their terms, whether that’s online, in-person or a seamless combination of the two. While the current platform enables customers to buy vehicle online, some parts of the transaction such as appraisals, transfers and appointment scheduling, require assistance from customer experience consultants. We are now focused on enabling self-service for all components of the sale and will deliver significant improvements over the next two quarters. For example, we have been testing instant appraisal offers on carmax.com. This feature gives customer – give customers an offer on their vehicle in 5 minutes or less. Based on these initial tests, we are rolling out this offering more broadly and expect it to be available for standalone appraisals nationwide by the end of the fourth quarter. We are on track for most of our customers to have the ability to buy vehicle online independently that they choose by the middle of next fiscal year. Even with the ability to transact online, customers appreciate having real-time support available to them should they choose. And we believe there is untapped value and focusing resources on supporting the online sales process just as we know there is greater value in having friendly, helpful associates in-store to assist in the in-person sales process. This is why we developed centralized customer experience centers for our CECs. Again, the advantage of our omni-channel model is that customers get to choose how they progress their experience. In the third quarter, approximately 70% of our customers who bought a car from us interacted with our CECs and more than 50% of our customers chose to advance their transaction online. In addition, we are seeing those customers progress more of the transaction online, but still preferring to take ownership of their vehicle at one of our stores. For the third quarter, alternative deliveries chosen by customers, including home delivery and curbside pickup, were less than 10% of sales. Having just completed the initial rollout of our omni-channel platform last year, it’s too early to quantify its impact across CarMax as a whole, but we already have evidence that supports the benefits of a seamlessly integrated in-store and online experience. It was just 2 years ago that we launched our first omni-channel experience in Atlanta. Now, after 2 years and continued testing on pricing and advertising, we can see that our omni-channel experience is delivering sustained growth in this very competitive market. During this time, the Atlanta market has outperformed the company with high single-digit comps in the third quarter and 2-year stack comps of 20%. We are also very pleased with how our other markets are ramping as our omni-channel offerings mature. In addition, the number of alternative deliveries in the Atlanta market, including curbside pickup and home delivery, has increased by 45% when compared with the third quarter of last year, although this remains a relatively small piece of overall sales. As we continue enhancing our online experience and offerings, it’s important to educate our customers on our omni-channel experience to differentiate and elevate the CarMax brand and our position in this evolving marketplace. Within the next week, we will introduce the next phase of our national multimedia marketing campaign that began last year to increase awareness of our core omni-channel capabilities. We want customers to understand that CarMax offers the ultimate flexibility to shop and buy on their terms, their way. In combination with the improvements and enhancements we are making to our omni-channel experience, we are also implementing additional pricing and marketing tests beyond the national campaign I just mentioned in select markets. We expect to continue reporting attractive gross profit per retail unit in the fourth quarter above $2,000. However, we anticipate the year-over-year change in this metric will be larger than what we have experienced in recent years. Finally, before we take your questions, I would like to let you know that we plan to host a large Virtual Analyst Day event following our year end earnings call. There is a lot going on at CarMax and we are excited to share it. And we think that this forum will provide us the opportunity to go into greater detail on the strategy and metrics behind our continued progress and the innovations we are delivering to our valued customers. We are finalizing the dates and logistics and plan to e-mail invitations in early 2021. In the meantime, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations department should you have any questions regarding this event. Now, we will be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question this morning comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys and happy holidays to you.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning. Bill, can you help us better understand the correlation between the slowing sales trends in the quarter and how the occupancy restrictions ramped up like -- just any kind of color you might be able to provide in terms of how big of an impact you think those occupancy restrictions had on the business?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, Scot, as I said in the opening remarks, we saw continued good growth in the beginning of the quarter, and really up until a week or so before the elections really when we saw a decrease, a step down, and I think part of it was the election, but I also think that’s when we started seeing these tighter restrictions. I noted that we had more than 40 stores that are 25% or less. If I go back to June, we didn’t have that many stores, I think there was almost – it was about half of that, that actually had that type of restrictions. And of those, more than 40 that are at that 25% or less, most of those – the majority of those are at 20%. So, it’s hard to quantify exactly the restrictions versus the shelter-in-place, but we’ve absolutely see a step down in those markets. If you think about some of the larger markets that are under these restrictions, we have absolutely saw a step down once the restrictions went into effect.
Scot Ciccarelli: That’s really helpful. If I could just add a quick follow-up on something you have already said, you talked about higher marketing ramp in the fourth quarter and then maybe a little less GPU. Is it fair to assume those similar trends would kind of roll forward to the next year as you guys try and get people to understand the changes in the business?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, obviously – in the third quarter, we stepped up a little bit. The fourth quarter, we’re stepping up. We feel like we have a great opportunity in front of us. And so, it takes a little while to be able to build awareness. So, I would expect next year, there would be a step-up, but we’ll talk more about that at the end of the fourth quarter.
Scot Ciccarelli: Very helpful. Alright. Thanks, guys.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Scot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Montani from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Michael Montani: I wanted to dig in a little bit more, if I could, Bill, on the experience that you’ve seen in Atlanta. I thought that was some helpful color. So, I was hoping you can share a bit more. And then, just confirming, by the middle part of calendar ‘21, if I was hearing you right earlier, it sounded like the experience would go basically frictionless for online, so consumers could decide to speak to a person live, but if they wanted to basically just click a button and do the transaction themselves, they could do that as well. So, I just wanted to make sure I understood that and then some extra color on the multi-channel would be great.
Bill Nash: Yes. Thank you for your question, Michael. Yes. So like I said, in Atlanta – Atlanta was the first market that we rolled this to, and we’ve been testing Atlanta as kind of the first market that we roll new things. In fact, we actually have a new user experience out there in that and some other markets right now that allows the customer to build the order – start building the order themselves. So, I think the Atlanta performance is indicative as these markets mature longer. Because if we look at other markets, we have about 70 stores and then the corresponding markets that those stores are in that have been open for at least a year. And we see performance from that group better than the rest of the company, which just shows that as it matures, they continue to ramp. And in fact, we have – some of those early waves are currently producing nice, strong comps. So, we’re encouraged by all that. I think, some of the things we’ve been doing in Atlanta and a few other markets we haven’t rolled out to other places, which is one of the reasons we want to extend some of the testing, which is the comments on the advertising and the pricing. On the second part of your question, the frictionless, yes, I mean, right now, a consumer can buy online from us. But as I mentioned, there’s parts of it where the customer experience consultant needs to get involved and work with the consumer, and we’ll make great strides. The focus right now is on self-serve, so we’ll make great strides in the next two quarters. And I think the majority of our customers will have that option to progress self-serve without the CEC [ph] if they choose to do that. And we think we’ll be in good shape in the second quarter, middle of next fiscal year.
Michael Montani: Thank you for that update.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Murphy from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys and congrats, Tom and Jon on the retirement and new roles. Just a question here, Bill. Obviously there’s a lot of concern around the same-store sales being down, and I understand the regulatory regime or sort of the shelter-in-place requirements are driving some of this, but when you look at wholesale sales, they’re up 10.8%. So, there’s some part of the market that’s functioning really well even under these constraints, and a skeptic would say, hey, listen, there’s a big problem here because your wholesale sales are really strong. Somebody’s retailing some cars on the other side and you’re not, and an optimist could say, hey, listen, that 10.8% is indication that ex these constraints, you’d really be crushing it. I mean, how do you interpret sort of that big gap there between the wholesale and the retail? I can’t remember any gap quite that big as of before, so just trying to understand what’s going on?
Bill Nash: Sure, John. Look, I think there are a lot of factors going into the mix for the third quarter. I mean, obviously we talked about the COVID surge with the lockdowns and restrictions. We talked about the election. You bring up an interesting point. Higher used prices for the third quarter, keep in mind, a lot of the cars that are sold in the third quarter are bought earlier on in the month leading up into that. And you know from the earlier months that there was very steep appreciation. And so, what happened is, the other factor that I hadn’t really talked about in this quarter is, you have a tightening of the gap between late-model used and a new. So I think that’s also a factor in there. And then, I think the external – there is some external sources out there that would tell you that used car industry has gotten softer. And we’re seeing that. We’ve seen depreciation in the marketplace throughout the quarter. Now, value year-over-year is still above what it was a year ago, but we’re certainly seeing the depreciation kick in.
John Murphy: Okay. But I mean, it just does seem like there’s an indication – I mean, lower prices does not necessarily mean lower unit sales and lower profits for you and actually kind of conversely means the same. Lower pricing, as long as you manage it well, means your volume goes up and your profits go up. So, I mean, it just seems like, as the market normalizes, there’s the potential for real volume increases and that wholesale number is maybe a better harbinger of what’s to come as opposed to what just happened with your same-store sales comp. That’s just sort of our interpretation it seems like where things are headed?
Bill Nash: Well, keep in mind, the wholesale, when you’re – we flip that wholesale inventory very quickly. And obviously our wholesale inventory is dramatically different. What we’re selling through our auctions is dramatically different than what we’re selling on a retail lot. But in the wholesale, you’re getting cars real-time and selling them real-time. On the retail side, we’ve got inventory that we’ve been working through that we bought earlier leading up into the quarter.
John Murphy: And just – I’m sorry, just – the wholesale restrictions are not the same obviously as what you have on the retail side, right? So wholesale is not hampered by any kind of restrictions. Is that correct?
Bill Nash: No. The wholesale side, I mean, we chose to keep all of our sales virtual. There are actually some markets that we could have turned the physical sales back on. But just given the nature of bringing a bunch of folks into our store locations to keep our associates safe, we’ve decided for the quarter to keep everything virtual.
John Murphy: Great. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Sharon.
Sharon Zackfia: I was hoping – hi. I was hoping, by the way, I suspect that Tom is going to spend all of his retirement surfing, so congratulations to him. But wanted to delve a little bit deeper into kind of what you’re seeing in Atlanta, which sounds really encouraging. And I think you mentioned, Bill, some tests on pricing and marketing to maybe accelerate that dynamic for the rest of the country. So, I guess, at the end of the day, my question is just – is there a way to increase awareness more quickly of the omni-channel offerings? Because it seems that it’s happening, but it seems that it’s happening maybe more slowly than some of us had originally anticipated. So, I’d love to hear more about the effectiveness of different kinds of marketing and/or programs that you can do to accelerate national awareness? And then secondarily, on the pricing test, I didn’t catch if any of that was related to pricing for delivery as opposed to actual unit pricing?
Bill Nash: All right. There’s a lot in that question, Sharon. Let me see if I can get it all. I may have to ask you to repeat part of the question. But first of all, I think it’s important we worked really hard to get a common platform out there which we got in the third quarter. And that was a significant milestone for us because we really needed – we wanted everybody to be on the same platform before we started to go out and educate the consumer. And like I said, in the third quarter, we planned by the end of the year to kind of kick off this new multimedia marketing campaign, which we’re really excited about. And I think it does a nice job of really differentiating us from whether it be traditional dealers or online dealers and really highlights the capabilities and the flexibility that we have. And so, we’re excited. It’s going to be everything that you can think of from broadcast to digital, to social, to out-of-home, so you think about billboards, that kind of thing. So it really is a broad sweeping effort because we do think there’s an opportunity to educate the consumer and drive that awareness. Now, on any awareness advertising, it doesn’t – it takes a little time because when you do awareness advertising, the majority of the folks that are hearing it aren’t necessarily in the market. But the point is to make sure that when they are in the market that we’re top of mind. So that’s going to be the real focus. And I think that will be a catalyst. I mean, we really haven’t done that up to this point. So we’re excited to get that out there. I think the other part of your question was the pricing on delivery. Is that – could you clarify that part?
Sharon Zackfia: Well, you talked about pricing tests in the current quarter and that impact on GPU. I just didn’t know if that was going to include some sort of price elasticity dynamic around the cost of delivery to the consumer?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, we’re constantly – when I made the comments earlier, I was speaking more specifically to the GPU pricing or retail pricing. We’re constantly doing test on delivery to the consumers, and we’ll continue doing that as well. We have been doing that. And I would expect, as we go forward, we’re very analytic when it comes to doing things like this and whether it’s pricing, it’s advertising, whether it’s the transfer fees. We’re going to do combinations. We’re going to do them by themselves. There’s going to be a whole bunch of different things that we’re trying this quarter.
Sharon Zackfia: Sorry. Can I just ask one follow-up? So, you’re doing the pricing and marketing test in some markets this quarter. How quickly can you pivot if you see something encouraging there?
Bill Nash: I think we can pivot very quickly. First of all, we’re going to have the awareness campaign going on everywhere. And then we’re going to fit some of these markets with some additional marketing. Some of it may be awareness and maybe more acquisitions. So, I feel very confident that we can pivot quickly.
Sharon Zackfia: Thank you.
Jon Daniels: I think I’d just add that now really is the right opportunity and it’s the right time for us to invest through the increase in marketing, through testing lower pricing. We’ve rolled out our omni platform. We continue to enhance the capabilities of omni. So we believe now is the right time to do that. And we’re excited, as Bill said, about our opportunities moving forward to grow the brand and to grow our market share.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning and congrats, Tom. My question is around the pricing tests as well. You’re signaling as much as a 9% decrease in free cash GPU year-over-year in the fourth quarter, which would be unprecedented out of times of market shock. So, this presumably is a pretty widespread test that you plan or very deep test in terms of the price cuts that you’re planning. Could you give us some more color on exactly what you’re thinking relative to prior price tests and how we should think about the go forward?
Bill Nash: Yes. Good morning, Seth. Thank you for your question. Yes, this is going to be in – the pricing test, we’ll be trying in several different markets. And I think the way you should think about it, if you look back historically for us on any given quarter, we probably – when you look at year-over-year GPU, we’ve probably been in a band somewhere in the – on a given quarter, $30 to $50 on year-over-year. That’s kind of the range. On full year, it’s probably a little bit tighter than that. And I would say, you would – my comments are saying, you should expect it outside of that normal range. And that will allow us to do some – you know that we always do testing throughout the quarter, but this will give us more flexibility to do some different things. So, again, we’re excited about some of the combinations of things. And we also know that not every market is going to respond the same way to different levers. So that’s what we’ll be checking.
Seth Basham: Got it. All right. So, presumably it’s a little bit more widespread than normal in terms of your test and the depth of the price cuts could be deeper than you’ve done in the past. Is that the right way to interpret it?
Bill Nash: Yes.
Seth Basham: Very good. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Seth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rajat Gupta from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rajat Gupta: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just had one and a follow-up on CAF. Could you help break out what the benefits were in the quarter from just the economic factors versus the losses you took on the underlying growth? I believe you provided the split during the last quarter. Is there something similar that you could provide for this quarter? And then how we should look moving into the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes. Thanks for your question, Rajat. Yes. So, really, the quarter – Q3 was fantastic for us from a losses perspective, no doubt. We saw $10 million of net losses, which really is much lower than our expectation going into the quarter. And I can break that down. A number of things worked in our favor there. First, I think we had excellent execution at CAF. You have the consumer who was very willing to and able to make payments. And obviously when the units are lower, then losses are going to be good in a quarter. We also had an inventory of charge-offs that hit us in previous quarters that we were able to liquidate within the quarter. So that was really a good guy that is probably not something we would expect on a go-forward basis. And obviously as we sold those vehicles in the – in our auctions, they performed very well as well from a wholesale recovery rate. So, a lot of things are working together to give us a really strong quarter that I would necessarily expect going forward. But that being said, with a strong quarter, our provision was $8 million and that really reflects the positivity that we saw in the quarter and we do believe there’s some benefit going forward. A realized – that $8 million provision inherent in there, we had $1.8 billion of originations also which included the restarting of the Tier 3 originations that we had a hiatus in over the summer, so a number of things that we feel relatively positive that drove our provision. That being said, when we look at our model and our economic adjustment factor all in and we set our reserve, there’s a lot of uncertainty as we see in the upcoming quarter and quarters ahead. So, we feel good about the reserve. I would tell you all-in in that reserve, there’s going to be the Tier 1, the Tier 3 and the recovery cost volume in there. We’re probably a little higher than what we would normally expect under normal times from our cumulative loss factor. But overall, we feel like there’s just uncertainty out there. The reserve is adequate, great quarter, but we’re cautious in what lies ahead.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. That’s helpful color. And just on CAF, noticed that the volumes sold through the captive was up roughly 7% year-over-year, while the Tier 2 plus Tier 3 combined absolute volumes were down year-over-year. Was that just a deliberate effort? And would that have an influence on your same-store comps in the quarter? And then, should we expect like that mix going back to more normal levels in the fourth quarter and next year or should CAF remain at this aggregated level? Thanks.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes, a fair question. As I mentioned in my comments, really ultimately you’re going to see that penetration or the distribution across the tiers is going to be a function generally of two things, lender behavior and mix. In this quarter, it really was a mix thing. I don’t think there was much change amongst lenders certainly CAF as well. So, I think that’s really what drove it and so mix next quarter, hard to say. So we’ll see how it plays out.
Jon Daniels: Yes. And I think, Rajat, if CAF hadn’t picked them up, they would have been picked up by somebody else to your part – on your question on same-store sales.
Bill Nash: I think, Rajat, the other piece on cap that I would call out got a little bit overshadowed this quarter because the loan loss reserve adjustment is really just the underlying profitability of the CAF business. When you take a look at the net interest margin on the quarter and you consider that this is profitability that we’re going to continue to see over the life of the loans, that’s a considerable tailwind for us moving forward. Since we do not employ gain on sale for our financing, you’re going to continue to see that benefit for the life of the loan again. So, again, considerable benefit this quarter and moving forward just from the profitability of our CAF business.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. Makes a kind of sense and thanks for all the color and good luck.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Jon Daniels: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: Hi. Good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Brian Nagel: Thank you for taking my questions. First off, Tom and Jon, congratulations for the retirement and the new role, so, look, at the risk of kind of beating the dead horse here. Just with regard to the sales trends, maybe I’ll squeeze a couple of questions together. But clearly, the comparisons – year-on-year comparisons got – were more difficult here in the fiscal third quarter. And if you look at the stack it up, so to say, the business actually strengthened in Q3 versus Q2. So the question I have is, as you look at the trend in the quarter, where you called out that slowing, did that coincide with comparisons getting – turning more difficult? And then the second question I have with that is, we talked a lot about the COVID restrictions in the stores. Could you discuss any spread in the business between stores where there were more significant COVID restrictions and maybe stores where there were less restricted – there weren’t the restrictions in place?
Bill Nash: Yes, Brian. So, I’m not going into specifics on particular stores or really markets. I will tell you on the COVID restrictions in the shelter-in-place. I mean, certainly there are states like California, Chicago area that have some of the strictest requirements. And if you look at pre-restrictions versus post-restrictions, like I said earlier, we absolutely saw a step-down. Obviously we can compare it to the rest of the country, and especially the ones that don’t have any restrictions. On the – I think, the first part of your question, can you repeat that part?
Brian Nagel: Yes. Just from a comparison standpoint. So if you look at – your comparisons turned more difficult in Q3. In aggregate, used car unit comps actually improved on a 2-year basis Q3 from Q2. So the question I had is, as you were looking at the business intra-quarter, did the trends step down as comparisons got more difficult?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, if I look at year-over-year, certainly last year, third quarter and fourth quarter were both strong quarters and it built kind of throughout the quarter. So I think it’s a combination of – the comparisons got a little tougher, but then you also have a lot of these other external factors that are weighing in.
Brian Nagel: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Alright. Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison from Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hey, thanks and congratulations, Tom and Jon. I wanted to circle back on the wholesale business with your pivot online. You are perfecting this omni-channel experience in retail. What does an omni-channel experience look like in wholesale, if that’s the right analogy? It feels like there is a ton of disruption happening in that space too.
Jon Daniels: Yes. No, Craig, I think you’re thinking about it the way that we’re thinking about it. We have two customer sets. We have our retail customers and our wholesale customers. Both of them are equally important. And we talk a lot about providing an omni-channel experience for our retail customers. But our wholesale is also an area that I’ve talked about in the past as one of our strategic initiatives continue to invest. And we want the experience for our wholesale customers to match up with what the wholesale customers want. So just like with the retail customers, there’s different needs. Some dealers like coming to physical sales, some like doing a combination, some like just the virtual. And we put ourselves in a position now that we’ll be able to accommodate all of that. So when we turn physical sales back on, there’ll actually be simulcast. And you can come in person or you can bid virtually. And we think that this is – this will be great. As we move the business forward, it allows more dealers to be able to attend ourselves without physically having to be there. And we think more dealers attending, more dealers buying, that’s a good thing. It will drive up prices and it allows us to put more on vehicles. So, you’re thinking about the same way, we’re trying to put together the best experience for both customer sets.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Jon Daniels: Thank you, Craig.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Jonas from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Adam Jonas: Hey, thanks everybody. Bill, really appreciate the extra color on the KPIs and on the omni that’s going to be incredibly helpful, especially going forward. Can you give us some color on the attach rate of products like F&I and other things on the front end for – specifically for the alternative distribution units and color on the GPU of vehicles through alternative distribution versus non-alternative distribution, if I could describe it that way?
Bill Nash: Sure, Adam. Yes. So on products like the finance, the MaxCare, when you look at alternative delivery, finance is pretty consistent to the in-store experience. I think, on the MaxCare, there’s – it’s very similar on the – one of alternative deliveries like an express pickup or a curbside, that’s fairly consistent with what the store process is. It’s down a little bit on the home delivery, but that’s an area that I think that we can usually continue to focus on and move the needle. As far as GPU goes, the way we manage our business, the GPU isn’t different on a vehicle that’s delivered to someone’s home or alternative delivery if it’s done at the store, curbside or express pickup as it is on our lot. So I don’t see a difference in that.
Adam Jonas: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rick Nelson from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Rick Nelson: Hi, good morning. Congrats to Tom and Jon as well. So, question regarding CAF, the contract rate jumped this quarter at 8.6%. We were 8.2% on last quarter. You are raising APRs in a declining funding cost environment. I’m curious why that is taking place and could you use CAF – take lower spreads, I guess, to drive more same-store sales?
Bill Nash: Sure. Yes, thanks for the question, Rick. So, as mentioned before with kind of the penetration across Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, mix was a big play there. Similarly within CAF, really there wasn’t an increase in interest rates for those people coming through the door it’s really the mix of those coming through the door. So it was a higher interest rate customer coming through as opposed to a rate change. With regard to what rates should CAF setting can we run at a lower interest rate environment, obviously given the overall interest rates, I think we have always said really, we keep a very close eye on the market, its CAF’s job to provide a very competitive offer out there as a sole Tier 1 lender and we always do that. We will keep an eye on key metrics like 3-day payoffs and obviously what we see out there from competitors in the marketplace and we feel like right now, we are in a very good position, but yes, there wasn’t not a rate increase driving that, purely a mix thing.
Jon Daniels: Yes. I think the same, the question earlier, Rick, that those – if we hadn’t picked up this customer, somebody else would have picked them up as far as the impact on same-store sales.
Rick Nelson: Okay, thanks for that. If I could do a follow-up on CAF as it relates to provisioning on a go-forward basis, the allowance account is down 3.2% of receivables managed. I think in the past, you have talked about future loss rate expectations of 2% to 2.5%. Would you expect that allowance proportion to come down here over time?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes, Rick, right on with those numbers. Yes, 3.17% for the quarter, I think a couple of important things to point out with that number versus the 2% to 2.5% reported historically. And in that 3.17% is the Tier 3 business as well. We have historically said that’s roughly 1% of the receivables and accounts for 10% of the loss, whereas the 2% to 2.5% we referenced is generally in our Tier 1 business. So, you really want to net that out. Also, with the adoption of CECL in our reserve, we also have to put money in for the actual cost to recover, which again not contemplated in the 2% to 2.5%. So, when you net those items out, we are still probably a little above that range. But I think that’s reasonable given the environment we are in. Obviously, we expect to hopefully trend back to normal as things get back to normal. But right now, there is a level of uncertainty both and we would say that both with regard to our origination volume of the $1.8 billion and the existing portfolio. So, again, little higher than maybe our targeted range after you net those things out, but hopefully things go back to normal soon.
Rick Nelson: Okay, got it. Thanks for the color.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Rick.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just one quick clarifying question first and then I have a bigger question. On CAF, can you speak to what the provision was on new originations? I think you gave at the last couple of quarters just a lot of noise trying to understand what you are provisioning for on new loans?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Sure. Yes, happy to give that. We said $1.8 billion of originations. $66 million of the reserve was attributed to that. Couple of things again to remember, based on the last question, just as a reminder, in there is Tier 3 volume. As a reminder, we had hiatus over the summer, but we added back and started that back up in September. So that’s going to be inherent in that $66 million and net recovery expense, but yes, $66 million on the $1.8 billion.
Chris Bottiglieri: That’s really helpful. And then, just kind of following up on the appraisal questioning, so really impressive buyer rate especially the used car pricing environment stabilizing, just trying to understand, is it like – again, I apologize if you guys went through this, but has something structurally changed in the appraisal rate that’s allowed you to raise it so materially and sustain that GPU? Like are you finding, you are getting higher proceeds at auction that’s keeping the GPU flat or keeping cost out, like what’s allowing you to raise the buy rate, but still keep that GPU? Any color there would be appreciated.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, Chris, I mean, if you have noticed the last few calls, we have been continuing to have strong buy rates. And I really do think it’s a testament to our buyers, the professional buyers, its algorithms, some of the technology we are using. So I think we are just getting sharper on being able to respond quicker to market dynamics. I noted in some of the remarks earlier, we saw depreciation throughout the quarter. And depreciation generally is a headwind for buy rate. And so, while the buy rate came down a little bit from quarter-over-quarter, we are still real pleased with where we are. It also tells us that the consumers like the offer that we are providing. So I think it’s a combination of factors. And I think our auctions are – given the attendance of the sales, I think they are commanding strong values, which helps as well.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Whiston from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. On the pricing cut pilot program coming up, was that something that was 100% planned for a long time once you have the capabilities ready or is some of this in response to more competition?
Jon Daniels: This is – it’s kind of evolved just off the learnings that we have been discovering. And it’s one of those things that we feel like now is the right opportunity and the right time and based off some of the results we have seen in some of the other tests that we are doing. So I think it’s really kind of an evolution on what we have been testing and it’s a continuation of that.
David Whiston: Okay. And longer term, is there – as omni-channel rolls out, can we be more optimistic about some SG&A scaling?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Certainly, coming out of the – a couple of things. Coming out of the pandemic, we have a very strong and disciplined approach to cost management. There are some structural savings that we do expect coming out of the pandemic, specifically in corporate overhead, CEC efficiency, maybe to address some of your questions and also in vehicle reconditioning. Now that being said, what we are doing is that we are reinvesting those savings into our growth. Now as I mentioned earlier, it’s the right time for us to invest. We are going to continue to invest and grow our omni functionality, the acquisition of customers and vehicles and our new store growth. So, that’s how we are thinking about the savings is really we are a growth company and we are going to continue to invest, but we do expect to see some efficiencies in our CECs to answer your question specifically.
Bill Nash: Yes. David, I think the CECs is just one place that we can continue to get efficiency. I think there is still some store efficiencies with reconditioning and procurement. I think we are even – I think we have got some efficiencies just from a corporate overhead and on facilities that kind of thing, where we have got some improvements we are making in logistics. So, I think there is a lot of efficiencies. I think to Enrique’s point, we want to continue to invest in the business. So as we are picking up efficiencies, we want to continue to move the business forward. So, hopefully that provides you little bit more color.
David Whiston: Yes. I appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hey, guys. It’s me again. Just quick question on advertising, I guess like two questions. One is when you think about, it looks like it’s probably up like 50% in Q4, if I did that math right quickly. But is this primarily just like operating investment in terms of raising awareness for your new capabilities and stuff like that? And then, how do you like think of the payback, is that just a longer term payback? And then two, kind of as more of the business shifts online as you rollout your omni-channel initiatives, like how do you think about the go-forward level investment in advertising? Do we step back from these levels or do you think this is like the new norm and it just gradually creeps up as the business shifts online? Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, Chris, the step up is primarily awareness or brand building. And as I said earlier, it’s going to be kind of a multimedia campaign, a lot of different components to it. It really is about educating the consumer on our new capabilities and how we have a differentiated experience. And when you do awareness advertising, yes, you will get some benefit from it, but it’s really geared towards changing the consumers’ awareness, which happens over time. So, it doesn’t happen the minute that you turn it on. And so, as I look forward, beyond the fourth quarter and we will certainly have more details after the fourth quarter, as I said earlier, I would – I think it’s safe to say that we will continue to have a step up in advertising year-over-year, because again, awareness just doesn’t happen overnight nor does it just sustain itself without some reinforcement.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Thanks for the answer.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of today’s call. I would now like to turn it back over to Bill Nash for closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. As always, I want to thank you for joining the call today. I want to thank you for your questions and your support. Our future success continues to be focused on providing an exceptional experience and that’s not only for our customers, but also for our associates. We are going to remain committed to our purpose and our values and we will continue to grow and create value for our shareholders. I want to thank all of our associates for everything that you do on a daily basis, taking care of each other, taking care of our customers. You are the reason that we offer the most compelling customer-centric experience within the industry. I wish all the associates and I wish all of you all a happy holiday and we will talk again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-09-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Stacy Frole, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Stacy Frole: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining our fiscal 2021 second quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President of Finance; Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jon Daniels, our Senior Vice President, CAF operations. Let me remind you our comments today regarding the Company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the Company's Form 8-K issued this morning and its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2020, filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422 extension 7865. I also would like to thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-up. Lastly, I want to take a moment to personally thank Celeste Gunther, who is retiring from CarMax. Celeste has been an integral part of our IR program for almost 20 years, and I'm sure you will all agree, she'll be deeply missed. Celeste, we wish you all the joy and happiness retirement can bring. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Stacy. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. As you read in our earnings release this morning, we delivered a record quarter with sales up 3.3% to $5.37 billion, net earnings up 27% to $297 million, and EPS up 27.9% to $1.79. This performance was the result of strength across all aspects of our business: retail, wholesale, and CAF. We are proud to be the nation's largest and most profitable retailer of used car. I'm also proud to say that this quarter we completed the rollout of our omni-channel offerings. This has been years in the making and has required a remarkable level of focus and change across our entire organization. During this time, we have evolved nearly every aspect of our business. From how we support and interact with our customers to how we structure our staffing to how we buy, sell and deliver cars. Our omni-channel experience is built to provide a personalized multichannel experience that empowers customers to buy a car on their terms. It is designed as a world-class in-store experience, a world-class online experience, and a seamless integration of the 2 giving us the largest addressable market within the used car industry. No other used car retailer is in the position to deliver this iconic customer experience the way we can. Now turning to our results. For the second quarter, we achieved a 3.9% increase in total used units sold and the used unit comp growth of 1.2%. In June, we experienced a high-single-digit negative used unit comp which was more than offset by positive comps in both July and August. The improvement in sales was the result of a variety of factors, including solid execution in operations, finance, and marketing in addition to a strengthening used car sales environment. In the quarter, we saw solid growth in web traffic, averaging approximately 29 million visits per month to carmax.com. During the second quarter, our saleable inventory was below our targeted level as we saw a rapid increase in demand from the first quarter. For the past three months, our teams have done a phenomenal job buying and producing vehicles at record levels, increasing salable inventory by more than 50% in the quarter. Today, I'm pleased to report that we've successfully ramped inventory to targeted levels, providing customers with more than 55,000 vehicles nationwide, the largest of any used car retailer. We offer a broad selection of inventory with a focus on zero to 10-year-old vehicles. This quarter, we saw 5 to 10-year-old vehicles increased to 27% compared with 22% last year as a percentage of our sales mix, reflecting customer demand for older and less expensive vehicles. Gross profit per used unit for the quarter was $2,214, up $31 per unit from a year ago. For wholesale, performance was supported by strong appreciation in the market and excellent execution by our teams. Volume was up 5.1%, driven by one more auction date in the quarter and a record buy rate. We also achieved record gross profit per wholesale unit of $1,086 in the quarter, the result of strong appreciation and operational execution. By the end of the quarter, we saw depreciation return to the marketplace. As a reminder, all auctions continue to run virtually throughout the quarter. As our results show, we have achieved a substantial recovery in our business. Over the past several months, our talented workforce has demonstrated incredible agility and ability to drive change in one of the most challenging environments that we've ever faced. We are proud to say that by the end of July, our team was back together again and we no longer had associates on furlough. We are now actively hiring across the country as we continue to grow our core business, enhance our omni-channel offerings, and pursue new opportunities. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique to provide more information on our second quarter financial performance, and Tom who will provide additional detail around customer financing. Enrique?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. For the quarter, other gross profit increased $6.8 million or 5.8%. EPP profits grew by $6.1 million or 5.4%, largely due to the increase in used units sold. In the quarter, we also recognized $8.2 million in extended service plan profit sharing revenues compared with $6.5 million recognized a year ago. In the second quarter, we maintained our ESP penetration above 60% compared with the prior year quarter. Service profits increased $4.5 million or 31%, which benefited primarily from the improved sales growth and the employee retention tax credit from the CARES Act. The increase in EPP and service profits were partially offset by a $5 million increase in net third-party finance fees attributable to a shift in our sales mix by finance channel. On the SG&A front, expenses increased 2% to approximately $9 million to $490 million. SG&A per used unit was $2,256, a year-over-year leverage of $44 per unit on the quarter. Excluding the impact of stock-based compensation, SG&A leverage was $97 a unit. Notable SG&A expense drivers for the second quarter were: the opening of 14 stores since the beginning of the second quarter of last year, which represents a 7% growth in our store base; a $12 million or $53 per unit increase in share-based compensation expense; a 7.7% increase in advertising expense and continued spending to advance our technology platforms and support our core and omni-channel strategic initiatives. Our ability to leverage SG&A in the quarter was supported by the decisive actions we took at the start of the pandemic to appropriately manage costs in a challenging environment. We furloughed associates and froze hiring for a period of time, rightsized certain functions, aligned other overhead costs to the business, and paused our store expansion strategy thereby reducing preopening costs in the quarter. We also experienced year-over-year favorability in the quarter due to lower self-insured loss and litigation-related expenses. We remain committed to ensuring we are efficient in our spend, and we expect that targeted areas of focus will continue to deliver improvements over time. Examples of these areas include improving the efficiencies of our customer experience centers or CECs, strategic sourcing, and inventory production. At the same time, we are very bullish about our future given our unique customer offering. We recognize that we have an opportunity to capitalize on our current position and grow market share. Accordingly, we remain in a period of investment as we continue to evolve our omni experience in the areas of vehicle and customer acquisition. We also planned in the back half of this year to increase our year-over-year spend in marketing which Bill will address shortly. From a capital allocation perspective, we remain focused on growing the business while managing with the appropriate amount of caution given the uncertainty that remains in the macro environment. Two key updates. First, we are ready to resume store growth and are currently planning for 8 to 10 new stores in FY '22. And second, subsequent to the end of the quarter, we fully paid down the outstanding balance on our revolver. Given the turnaround in our business, the strength of the credit markets and our solid balance sheet, we are confident that we have the appropriate liquidity and access to capital. Finally, we ended the quarter modestly below our historical leverage target of 35% to 45% adjusted debt-to-capital when netting out cash. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everybody. Similar to our retail and wholesale business, CarMax Auto Finance and our partner lenders delivered with strong conversion in all credit tiers, and solid growth in cap income independent of the favorable loss experience. As we previously discussed, CAF made some temporary underwriting adjustments early in the pandemic, with the goal of ensuring financeable Tier 1 portfolio. While we remain cautious in our outlook, we are pleased with the trends we have experienced to date. Payment extensions are down significantly, delinquencies are trending favorably, and our July ABS transaction was well received. Consequently, in the back half of the quarter, we began originating our normal spectrum of Tier 1 business. CAF also curtailed its in-house Tier 3 lending at the start of the pandemic and did not originate any loans through this channel in the second quarter. Based on the trends I just mentioned, we have reengaged in the Tier 3 space in recent weeks. Now I'll turn to performance in the quarter. Net of 3-day payoffs, they were significantly lower year-over-year. Cash penetration was 42.6% compared with 42.2% a year ago. Tier 2 accounted for 22.3% of used unit sales compared with 19.7% last year. And Tier 3 was up to 11.1% compared with 9.6% a year ago. Year-over-year, cash net loans originated grew by 1% to $1.8 billion as the increases in used cars sold and penetration rate were somewhat offset by a lower average amount finance. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 8.2%, down from 8.6% a year ago and 8.4% in the first quarter. The lower rate reflects our focus on a higher-quality portfolio for much of the quarter. Portfolio interest margin as a percent of average managed receivables increased to 6% versus 5.7% in Q2 last year. Combined with our growth in receivables, this drove an increase in total interest margin of 7.4%, independent of any favorability in the provision for loan losses. Total CAF income for the quarter was up 29% to $147.2 million. This improvement primarily reflected a reduced loan loss provision, plus the increase in both interest margin and average managed receivables. The provision for loan losses was $26 million in Q2, which results in an ending reserve balance of $433 million. That's 3.2% of average managed receivables, which is moderately lower than at the end of Q1. While its loss experienced in June, July and August was significantly favorable to the expectations we set at the end of Q1. The loss reserve continues to reflect the unpredictability of the current environment in the highly uncertain consumer situation. Our results in Q2 illustrate the importance of having a diverse group of lenders that can continually deliver high-quality finance offers to our broad range of customers in all economic environments. In addition, having a fully functioning captive finance such as CAF offers numerous contributions to the business model that are difficult to replicate. Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Tom, Enrique. As I mentioned earlier, we have completed the rollout of our omni-channel offering. The powerful integration of our online and in person experiences give us the largest addressable market within the used car industry. Along with the ability to buy online, customers are also seeking experienced guidance along the way. We are uniquely capable of providing this help whenever and wherever the customers want with our centralized CECs, experienced floor sales consultants and personalized e-commerce capabilities. Buying a used car is still a highly considered and complex purchase. Customers don't want to be forced to interact 100% in-store or 100% online. Our competitive advantage is giving customers the option to seamlessly do as much or as little online and in-person as they want. While omni is now rolled out nationwide, it is still early in its evolution, and we will continue to make enhancements to meet and exceed our customers' current and future needs. One area of focus is our CECs. And although a relatively new capability for us and still maturing, they are quickly becoming more effective than our previous model. An example of how we are optimizing performance is by leveraging our data advantage and machine learning to ensure we get the right work to the right associate at the right time. We capture our customers' online interactions, combine them with the information in our customers' data mark, and provide a truly personalized experience that is much more effective in meeting the customer needs and improving our conversion rates. We believe that we have an unmatched opportunity to create a superior customer experience by leveraging our data and technology advantages, both online and in-store. Digital merchandising is another area of continuous improvement. By the end of this year, we will have rolled out approximately 95% of our photo studios, which provide a more immersive experience with high-quality photos, 360-degree interior and exterior views, feature scoring hotspots and reconditioning with new part call outs. We also continue to upgrade content on our website to help customers fully research a vehicle without ever having to leave carmax.com. All this provides our customers more confidence as they progress online. The other omni area of focus that I will highlight is our customer hub, which provides customers a means to track the progress they have made, both online and in-person. It is here that customers can manage certain aspects of their car-buying journey. They can book mark and save vehicles they've selected online. They can submit financing pre-approval and compare their financing options. They can also get an estimate or an actual offer for their trade-in. And finally, they can complete the checkout process in the hub for the car they selected online or in-store and choose if they want a home delivery or a curbside pickup. Our omni-channel experience has been well received. Approximately 70% of our customers interacted with our CECs this quarter. Additionally, approximately 50% of our customers progressed their sale remotely, up from about 42% pre-COVID. Most of these customers still chose to come to the store to complete their transaction, and approximately 30% of our customers still opted for an in-store experience only. Again, the advantage of our business model is that customers have the choice as to how they progress their experience. This is what gives us the largest addressable market. We are focused on driving customer engagement strategies to ensure we continue to remain top of mind and the first choice for car buyers and sellers. We launched a national marketing campaign last year, which has reinforced the strength of our brand and established a solid platform for future campaigns. We've now introduced our omni-channel offering nationwide. Accordingly, as we go forward, our messaging will focus on clearly differentiating our brand from digital-only and traditional dealer brands by demonstrating the benefits of our omni-channel offering. Additionally, we will be increasing our year-over-year marketing spend in the back half of the year to expand our teams and investments in areas such as SEO, SEM, messaging, content and social. Our goal is to drive high ROI customers to our digital properties, while empowering us to create multichannel personalized campaigns. We have a unique retail customer experience that we are continuing to evolve to exceed our customers' expectations. At the same time, we are identifying and investing in new initiatives that we believe will also be solid contributors to our earnings growth. All of this leads to a very exciting future, but none of this would be possible without our great associates. I want to recognize all of them and the high-performance culture they maintain here at CarMax, a culture that values all individuals and perspectives. Over the past several years, we have taken on the largest transformation in our company history, evolving nearly every aspect of our business. We also accomplished all these great results in one of the most challenging environments we've ever faced. And through it all, our associates have continued to live our values every day by putting people first and taking care of each other. I am very proud of what we've accomplished, and I'm excited about the opportunities ahead. At this time, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question this morning comes from John Murphy from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Murphy: Great execution in this environment, it's really impressive stuff. Bill, there's one statement in the press release that is kind of intriguing. You're saying inventory was a headwind to sales in the quarter. I'm just curious if you kind of expand upon that, if you think that will be relieved here in near term, it sounds like in September, it was to some degree, but also as all these omni-channel efforts bear fruit and bring customers in, how do you think about sort of the change in inventory management as your addressable market grows dramatically, and do you need to inventory more or think about inventory in a different way than you have historically?
Bill Nash: Yes. Thank you, John. Well, first of all, I think omni or not omni, it won't change how we manage our inventory. I think it's one of the strengths of the Company that we've fine-tuned over the last 27 years, and we continue. And I can't say enough about the team. I mean, bumping up our inventory during the quarter about 50% is truly tremendous. And I think in any normal environment, having that amount of inventory shortage would be a significant headwind to sales. Now having said that, we're far from a normal environment, and I think it's hard to quantify the exact degree of how much it impacted our sales other than it absolutely had an impact to sales. But in the COVID environment, there are a lot of other competitors that were light on inventory. You had some stimulus money out there, so it's hard to know kind of what the offsets were to that headwind. But again, I'd just go back to saying that the team has done a remarkable job both buying and producing to get us into the spot where we are today. We ended the quarter. We were still light on inventory when we ended the quarter. But as of today, we feel really good about our total inventory position.
John Murphy: Okay. And just one follow-up real quick. I mean, on -- in the future as omni-channel expands, I mean, would you think you need to bump up your inventories, you have to go with that or would you just be turning and be much more efficient on inventory? Just trying to gauge inventory would go up 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%, 50% as these efforts really take off and if there would need to be something else in the mix or are you just much more efficient on inventory trend?
Bill Nash: Yes. I mean, we went down the omni path, because we expect this. This is a better customer experience, and we expect to sell more cars. And if we're selling more cars that will also be reflected in our inventory, we'll have more inventory. So -- and I think that's the way we've managed the business for the last 27 years. I don't see that deviating, so So as we have more sales, we'll have more inventory.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: I guess a question on customer awareness of omni-channel. So, I'm glad to hear you're going to be bulking up the marketing around that, and that can happen in the fiscal year. But do you have any measures as to what kind of broader customer awareness is nationally versus maybe Atlanta where you started? And then a corollary question that adds as the tail. Given this is a long purchase cycle, in those early markets, do you continue to see that tail of omni-channel relative to kind of the more recent markets where you've rolled it out, if that makes sense?
Bill Nash: Yes. So Sharon, I think, first of all, for the broader awareness. I mean, I think now is the time to really let customers know that, hey, everything that's in great about CarMax is still there, but we have a lot of new capabilities. So we really haven't unleashed that up to this point. I mean we've had some marketing campaigns. I can't give any specific market awareness about omni-channel, but it is one of the reasons why we're going to step up advertising as we go forward. As far as how we feel -- if I look at our older markets, say, the Atlanta market, we feel great. We feel great about the gains that we're seeing in the markets. We also feel great about the awareness because, obviously, it's been around a little bit longer. But I do think the advertising message going forward is going to be -- it's going to be different, and we'll make sure that people understand the difference between us and traditional dealers and online competitors.
Sharon Zackfia: Bill, just a follow-up. How quickly are we going to see the new marketing?
Bill Nash: You will see it later this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison from Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Celeste, best wishes to you. Thanks for all your support. Question on the wholesale business. Wholesale GPU was up $174. How much of that is a byproduct of higher prices versus a lower cost to process the vehicle? And then to what extent has the pivot to digital auctions increase the number of buyers at auction from like a broader geographic radius?
Bill Nash: Yes. Craig, yes. So wholesale performance was outstanding and I think a lot of it was driven by the appreciation. It's interesting. As COVID unfolded, we saw some of the most rapid depreciation in a very short period of time. We also saw the most rapid appreciation. I think from the depth of COVID, there's probably a $3,000 to $4,000 swing in vehicle value. So obviously, as that's going up and appreciating that, that certainly is a tailwind. But I wouldn't minimize the execution of our teams as well. Especially early on in the quarter, there was a lack of supply, a lot of this stuff because some of the traditional auctions just weren't open and up and running. And our team pivoted quickly, got the sales -- all of our sales virtually. They continue to be all virtually. We're working through individual local mandates as far as when we can open them back up. But our goal will be to get ourselves physically opened again, but also complement them with the simulcast, and that's the plan as we open up the new auctions going forward. As far as the impact of the digital, look, I think having digital will do nothing but enhance the overall experience because it will hopefully open up the door to more participants. And you know if you have more folks at your auctions, hopefully, that drives the price up. And then we can offer more in price line. And I think you saw that. I mean, we're really proud. We had that record by rate this quarter, and it's not by a little bit, it's by a lot. We were traditionally here lately. We've been in the low 30s. Now with this -- what we saw this quarter, it was the high 30s. So it was a substantial step up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Can you give us a little bit more color on your gross profit per unit on the retail side through the quarter? How that trended? And what your outlook is as it relates to that?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the GPU was fairly consistent throughout the whole quarter. I mean, I think we've been able to prove that we can manage in all different types of environments, the GPU. And I don't see any reason going forward that we wouldn't be able to continue into that traditional range. But I always give the caveat that we continue to test and check pricing elasticity because we want to make sure that we're driving the most total gross profit dollar. So I think as you look forward, I don't see a reason why we can't maintain those GPUs.
Seth Basham: That's helpful. And as a follow-up, you mentioned some efforts around strategic sorting. Could you provide some more color what you're referencing there?
Bill Nash: Yes. So I think, first and foremost, we want to accelerate and prove in our core buying channel. So that's both off-site and the in-store appraised lane. And the way I would think about that is it's not only our processes but leveraging data and technology better. And I think that's important because we're the largest buyer of used cars in the U.S., and we value more than 6 million cars on an annual basis. So continuing to make incremental changes there is significant. We also want to open up some new buying channels and expand our capabilities with some of our partnerships and other businesses. And then I think another area that I kind of put into the vehicle acquisition bucket is, we will continue to invest in our wholesale business. We're working ona new auction platform. The auction platform has been here since I started CarMax. And it's time to upgrade that. So the way we think about it is on a bunch of different fronts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli from RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Bill, I know you said you feel great about your performance in Atlanta and some of the older markets, but can you help quantify the usage of your omni-channel capabilities in markets where you've had that capability for a few quarters? And then I guess related to that, is there any way to size the overall sales lift that you think omni generated for you in the quarter?
Bill Nash: Yes. First of all, Scott, I think the incrementality of omni is really difficult to measure. Because you can't say, okay, well, you measure it just by who has it delivered to the home or who's in the store because we have lots of instances where customers that are coming to us anyway. They start online and they decide to have a home delivery or folks that come to us now because, "Hey, I want it delivered to my home, I want everything online" and end up coming into the store. I think for us, obviously, rolling this out is because we believe that this is a superior model to deliver to the customer. And at the end of the day, it's all about sales and market share. But I'd tell you, along the way, the most important thing is us measuring the customer experience, no matter how they want it. So we'll be looking at different metrics, the CEC engagement, online progression, in-store only customers, alternative delivery customers, but we'll really be focused on the experience of those customers and how they feel about that, and we'll continue to move that needle. And everything that we've seen, whether it's in older markets or newer markets that we rolled this out, it is being very well received. And this is despite having some just inherent headwinds, and I would go back to the CECs. They're immature. We have a lot of new folks there. We have new technology. And while we expected customers to migrate to this, we did not expect them to migrate as quickly. So in this quarter, we had more leads than we could actually handle in our CECs at certain times. So that's a headwind. And I think there's probably some experiences that we can improve on that customer experience as well. So again, we feel great about where we are today. And while it's the end of the rollout of omni, we really think about this as kind of like day 1. This is where we're just getting starting -- started, and this is kind of where we springboard to the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: First off, Celeste congratulations. Thanks for all the help all over the years. Much appreciate it. So my question, I guess, Bill, it's bigger picture in nature is, I'm listening to you today, and congrats on the execution here in a very tough environment. You're really performing well. But I hear your partner saying is that, look, you're almost caught -- you're moving path, a crux in the crisis with COVID and your -- you also now will begin positional leverage a lot of the omni-channel investments you made. So the question, if you look at -- if you just take a step back yourselves and just kind of look at the overall environment, I mean, how would you characterize just the demand, right? The consumer demand now, maybe -- I recognize you don't give guidance, the demand dynamics now and going forward versus what they were pre-COVID?
Bill Nash: Yes. It's Brian, I mean, you can imagine, that's a hard question to answer. I mean, look, there's still a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace. We have, obviously, high unemployment. You've got the rising COVID cases. This is an election year that always can throw a little wrinkle into things. We've got continued social challenges. But all that being said, I mean, I think if you look at the back half of the quarter, when you look at July and August performance and how that trend continued into month-to-date to September, we feel good about where we are, given all those uncertainties, and yes, there could be -- just with the external environment, there could be some bumpiness just for some macro factors. But again, we -- what we work on is things beyond -- we look beyond the next quarter. But I'd tell you, I feel great about where we are right now, and we're going to keep progressing.
Brian Nagel: If I could just slip one follow-up in -- sorry, Stacy, I think you may have alluded to this. I know you typically don't talk about quarter trends. But how is the business here early in fiscal Q3 or September tracked relative to what you saw in the last couple of months of Q2?
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, first of all, you're right, Brian. I don't like talking about these trends. But I do think in this environment and look I hope we get away from really having to talk about the environment. That will mean things are a lot better. But I think in this environment, it's appropriate. And so yes, September month-to-date, we're seeing the trends of July and August continue, which is great, considering there's still headwinds out there. So, we feel great about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Montani from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani: I just wanted to follow-up on the digital process a little bit further. And I guess three parts to the question. One was on kind of an update on remote appraisals. If you can just share the capability set there and then future upgrades to it. Secondly was on -- in the past, Bill, you've mentioned, I think, 1 out of 10 multichannel transactions were home delivery. So I just wanted to see if you could update us on how that's trending? And then the last thing was 70% of transactions, it sounded like were multichannel. So was just curious about in the more mature markets, how that percentage would compare to, obviously, some of the markets that have just been getting the capabilities more recently?
Bill Nash: Okay, Michael. So first of all, on remote appraisals, like I said in my opening remarks, if you're going through our customer hub, trying to buy a car and bring it to your home, we absolutely give you the option to either get an estimate or an appraisal. We are -- we've got some tests going on right now with instant cash offers in markets and look to expand that. So there'll be more on that in the near future. As far as the 1 out of 10 home delivery, it's actually the way I've talked about in the past is really alternative delivery. And under alternative delivery, it's the curbside pickup and the home delivery both combined. And in the first quarter, we saw that spiked up during the quarter. We ended up around that 10%, a little bit under 10% after the -- at the end of the first quarter. And again, I would say that we're still below that 10%. And most of the customers, even though they are progressing online, they still prefer to come into the store. And then on the 70% CECs, again, that 70% of our customers are engaging with the CEC. Doesn't necessarily mean they're all doing online progression. That's the 50% number that I gave you. And I think as far as how does that compare to older markets, that kind of thing? Look, I think, it continues to grow. That 70% if you remember the first quarter, I talked about it, and it was north of 60%. So we've even seen a growth there. Now some of that is the fact that we finished rolling it out. But I would expect to see that number continue to go up, just like I would expect to see the progression of customers go up in the future as customers want a more personalized experience.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rajat Gupta: Just had a couple on the SG&A side, you talked about the marketing expense going up during the second -- in the second half of the fiscal year. Could you give us a sense or quantify the degree of expense expansion we might see there? And how should we think about what the normalized expense per unit should be here going forward? And I have a follow-up.
Bill Nash: Yes. Yes, you're right. I said it will be going up in the second half of the year. But I think the way to think about that is in the context of overall SG&A. And we've said in the past, hey, look, it's going to take 5% to 8% comps to leverage. We've picked up some efficiencies in SG&A. We absolutely expect to reinvest those back into the business. So even with the step-up, I worry less about what the advertising cost per car is, and more about in this context of the SG&A. Even with the step-up, we still would expect on an annual basis to lever at that 5% to 8% comps. Keep in mind, in any given quarter it can dramatically, dramatically swing.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: And I'll just add to that. With -- during the pandemic, we took strong and rapid actions to lower our cost structure. With business improving, we've brought back a lot of those operational spend dollars. But we did make some structural changes in staffing and in operations that we do expect will yield savings moving forward. We're also focused, as we've mentioned a couple of times on efficiency and our CECs. That being said, we are in growth and investment mode. So I look at those savings that we're targeting to be at least partially reallocated to higher ROI and our strategic investments that are aligned with our growth plan. So the savings will be used to help fund our growth. And as Bill mentioned, the way to think about it is leverage with that same 5% to 8% comp that we've communicated in the past.
Bill Nash: Yes. And we have -- I would say, we have efficiency savings, I think, across the board. I mean it's not only store efficiencies, it's not only CEC. I think about kind of also improvements in logistics, improvements in wholesales. And I think all of those provide opportunities, whether it's SG&A savings, SG&A reinvestments, cost of goods sold reinvestments. So it's not just one or two areas. I think it's across the business.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. And just on the SG&A, more of a housekeeping item. The other overhead costs of $65 million, I mean that seems to be tracking well below normalized levels, is there still some catch-up to be had there here in the next quarter? Just curious as to if there were any permanent reductions there? Or how should we think about that going forward?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I think the way to think about that is roughly half of that favorability year-over-year reduced specifically to the cost-cutting efforts we undertook as well as certain spending limitations given the environment. But we reduced contractor spend our pre-open spend, relocation spend. And so those are cost cutting efforts. The other half is what I mentioned in my prepared remarks, was about higher self-insured loss last year and litigation last year versus this year. So again, half kind of cost cutting, the other half, I would view more as a onetime.
Rajat Gupta: Understood. Sorry, just to wrap that up, the 5% to 8% comment that you made, is that now -- is that like a rolling forward comment here? Just curious as to when that drops down to a lower level? Or is that still like something you should expect for like the next 12 to 18 months or 24 months? I'm just curious how we should be thinking about that leverage dropping lower?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. I would think of that as an annualized number moving forward. Again, from quarter-to-quarter, there's so much that can happen within a quarter. So I would view that, again, moving forward, at least the next 12 months is how we're viewing the business.
Bill Nash: Yes. And the other thing I would tell you is, and I said this in one of our previous calls, if all we were focused on were omni this year, then we would have -- that guidance, 5% to 8% would have been less than that. It would take less to do that. But obviously, to Enrique's point, we are in investment mode. And there are some things that we're investing in that will pay benefits in other parts of the business. So for example, improvements in wholesale may not necessarily drive the leverage on a retail cost per car sold. But it will drive improvement in wholesale, which will be top line and bottom line benefits of the Company. So I think that's another important thing to remember in this whole discussion as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Nelson from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Rick Nelson: A quick question for Tom, related to CAF. Last quarter, you talked about an expected loss rate of 2% to 2.5%. If I look at this quarter's provision, $26 million, that represent 1.4% of receivables originated. Charge-off rate was below historical norms, curious about the expectation as we push forward.
Tom Reedy: Okay. Yes. Let me do a couple of things. One, I'll start with give you just a little more color around the loss provision. And then we can talk about that expected range. But -- we talked about income was materially supported by lower loss provision. At $26 million versus the $45.5 million last year, that reflects approximately $55 million of additional reserve for the originations we had in the quarter. And then $30 million of favorable development arising from the loss performance we saw in economic adjustment factors. And I will say that we -- the economic adjustment factor has actually tempered the impact of our strong loss performance and where we landed on the provision. So while we saw loss performance of substantially better than what we had booked at the end of Q1, that merited some release of the reserve. But as I said in my prepared remarks, 3.2% the overall allowance still reflects some uncertainty facing the economy and consumer behavior. And with regard to our target range, obviously, we can't do anything about the portfolio that's out there, what is -- it's what is. But we've seen improving performance. We're pretty confident about the capital markets and our ability to finance. I mean, if you look at our last deal, we had a pretty significant spread between APR and cost of funds, one of the highest in recent memory. So even in a little bit higher loss environment, that spread allows you to still make a good return on the business. So we looked at all those factors. And we're comfortable for a period of time, riding a little bit higher than the 2% to 2.5% range, given where everything is falling out. We believe it's worth the investment to get the return on that money rather than giving the profit to someone else right now.
Rick Nelson: Got you, okay. That's helpful. Then I think 6% this quarter haven't seen that since 2016. Any spread targets as we push forward?
Tom Reedy: It's hard to say. The 6% -- the expansion we saw this quarter really as a result of funding costs coming down. And then obviously, when we look at our rates that we charge customers, our goal is to make sure that we are a market lender, and we're competitive. We're not angering anybody about what the offers they see from CAF. And during the quarter, we didn't see any need to drop APRs. And as I always say, we'll look at that on a go-forward basis. If competition allows us to preserve those margins, we're going to preserve them. And if competition gets aggressive and the market demands a little bit less margin in the finance business, we'll act accordingly. But right now, we feel good about where we are.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from David Whiston from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
David Whiston: Question on used gross margins per unit, they were up 50 bps because your dollar profit was relatively flat as despite -- and ASPs went down. But how were ASPs able to go down despite higher auction prices? Were you just more self-sufficient in the quarter?
Bill Nash: Yes. So it's a great question. So the ASPs went down. The reason they primarily went down is because of that mix shift that I cited earlier where we sold a higher percentage of older vehicles. So that takes it down. Acquisition price was fairly flat. I think there's a lot of inventory that we bought during the quarter that hasn't necessarily sold that is a little bit more expensive. But the main driver of what you see there is the mix shift in age.
David Whiston: Okay. And then is it fair then that you're probably not going to assume that's going to be a long-term trend, especially if they can get better?
Bill Nash: The mix shift or just the average selling price going down?
David Whiston: The mix?
Bill Nash: The mix, look, I mean, the beauty of the business is, we'll have out there whatever our customers are demanding. So if the customers want old or less expensive cars, then we're going to make sure we put them out there. So that's all driven by customer demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Montani from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani: Just had two things. One was around the credit side. Just curious if there's any incremental color perhaps that you all can share around roll rates, the impact of forbearance, government programs and then also deferral. So kind of overall, what's -- how is it that you're feeling about CAF? And then just a quick follow-up.
Bill Nash: Sure. Yes. To speak to the quality of the quarter from a CAF perspective from loss side, I think, we felt like we had a really good quarter. Important to note from the improved losses within the quarter. A couple of reasons we believe that is: First, as you might remember, in Q1, we were actually unfavorable from a loss perspective, where in Q2, we were favorable. So we believe there's some swap that was going on there. You talk about payment deferrals. Certainly, we also were able to provide payment relief to our customers. And we did a good job throughout the quarter there. Payment deferrals were higher in -- earlier on in the quarter. We predominantly reverted back to typical practices. But we know that, that's provided some relief to our customers, avoided loss, helped to lower delinquency. And then certainly beyond that, also, the federal stimulus within the quarter certainly put money in the pockets of our customers, and that allowed them to pay their bills. And frankly, also, there was just less places for them to spend their money. So we think that probably helped the losses as well, speculative. But as far as roll rates are concerned going forward, hard to say on a go-forward basis, what's going to happen, a lot of uncertainty out there. But for the quarter, we felt real good that we were able to take care of our customers, and we're happy with where the numbers sit right now. From a reserve perspective, obviously, that uncertainty is reflected in our reserve. But all-in-all, good quarter from a loss perspective.
Michael Montani: Great. So that's helpful color. And then just the other main question I'm getting before and during this call today is around market share. I've had folks who are a bit concerned because there's some other smaller competitors that might be growing faster. And the data we've seen from Cox is really showing that over the summer, the industry contracted like a mid- to high single-digit rate. But I guess I'm curious to know kind of what you all would be using to gauge that as well? How do you see that unfolding into the back half of the year as we think about some of the multichannel capability set?
Bill Nash: Yes. So look, I think we talked a little bit about the beginning of -- in the first quarter how our sales, I think, were disproportionately impacted, just given the volume that we run through our stores. And the occupancy restrictions that we had to work through, the operating models that we had to work through, i.e., having stores that only could have appointment only or only curbside pickup. We talk about market share on an annual basis. And look, I think the whole goal of omni, obviously, is to deliver this better customer experience. But at the end of the day, it's to increase market share regardless of what the macro factors are that are out there. So we'll continue to progress forward. I mean, obviously, in this quarter. Again, I can't talk about how proud I am of the team. I mean you go from one quarter having negative 40-plus comps to the very following quarter starting to comp again with record earnings. And you've done that even in light of the fact that we're still working through occupancy restrictions, about half of our stores still have an occupancy restriction, although the bulk of them are at 50%. And I think the stores have done a phenomenal job being able to work within that 50%, you get less than that, it really gets hard. Also with the CEC and the mature and CEC and the inventory. So again, I feel good about where we are. And I think this is a springboard for us just to continue to grow sales and market share.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: I wanted to ask more about the store opening plan for 2022. I guess it's a little bit below trend. I would imagine it's probably the environment, but could just remind us what kind of goes into opening a store, what's the time line, how long will that takes? And maybe just more directly, is this the new cadence of store openings we should expect beyond 2022? Or is this just product environment. Then I have a follow-up.
Bill Nash: Yes. Chris, I think the way you should think about this is it's more a factor of just ramp time. We were going to open up 13 stores this year. We've been opening up 13 to 16 for several years. The plan was to open up 13. But just given where we are this year and what it takes to start ramping, that number is more reflective of construction timing than anything else. So I wouldn't, at this point, read into that.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. That's helpful. And then preopening, can you just remind us how that works? Obviously, you're not opening stores right now, but it benefit to other overhead for the next several quarters. But can you just remind us what -- I mean, obviously, it's depending on the number of stores you open, but what's a good rule of thumb for preopening expense per store, something else you can give us to think through the impact of no store openings unless you do that?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes, those costs will start rolling in a good three to four months before a store opens in a material way. And I would say on average preopening cost is going to roll about $1 million, $1.5 million, but that will be spread out again over that time period.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the call back over to Bill Nash for closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Carol. Well, listen, thanks for joining the call today and for your questions and your support. We are definitely confident in our ability to seamlessly merge our world-class in-person experience with our world-class online experience, along with our diversified business model, we'll continue about earnings and market share gains for many years to come. I just need to thank again all of our associates. They are the reason that we remain a disruptive force within the used car industry. And finally, I've got to give a shout out to Celeste as well and best wishes to her. She's been here for a long time, knows CarMax better than anybody that I know. So she will absolutely be missed, but I wish her well. So again, thank you for your time today, and we will talk again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you once more for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-06-19 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2021 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Stacy Frole, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Stacy Frole: Thank you, Carol. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2021 first quarter earnings conference call. I'm here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President of Finance; and Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Senior Vice President and CFO. Let me remind you, our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on the management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's Form 8-K issued this morning and its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29th, 2020 filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422, extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Stacy. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Before I get started, I wanted to comment on the significant social challenges we are facing as a country. At CarMax, we stand united against racial injustice, hatred, and violence. I'm proud that our values have always been focused on doing the right thing and treating everyone with respect regardless of race, ethnicity, or background, but we need to do better as a company and as a country. I want our associates, communities, and shareholders to know that we are committed to doing more. Change must start at the top and that's why I'm personally championing this to ensure we make a positive difference for the future. Now, moving to the highlights for the quarter. As you read in our earnings release this morning, our first quarter performance was significantly impacted by the coronavirus. At the peak in early April, sales were down more than 75%. During this time, 95% of the country was under shelter-in-place orders and approximately half of our stores were closed or under limited operations due to the mandates of public health officials and government agencies. Limited operations means the stores could sell cars, but were limited to appointment only, curbside pickup, home delivery, or some combination of all three. Social distancing guidelines and occupancy restrictions also limited operating capacity at our open stores, including our largest stores, which prior to the virus routinely saw more than 100 customers shopping in a store on any given day. To put this further into perspective, more than 80% of the days in the first quarter were impacted by stores that were closed and/or under limited operations. As of May 31, all of our stores were open, but we still had more than 50% of our stores running with occupancy restrictions and more than 10% with limited operations, as I described earlier. Since we believe our first quarter results are not indicative of future trends, we will not spend a lot of time on commentary that was included within this morning's release. However, we will provide insight into how we navigated the crisis, recent trends, and near-term strategic priorities, we believe create opportunities to further distance ourselves from other used car retailers and thrive in this new environment. Let me start by saying how proud I am of our associates' response to this challenging and rapidly changing environment. They continue to live our core values everyday by taking care of each other, taking care of our customers, and giving back to help our communities. At the start of the pandemic, we had to make an extremely tough decision to furlough more than 15,000 associates due to store closures and lower demand. I'm pleased to say that as of today, we have called back more than 85% of these associates, and we expect to return to normal operating levels in the very near future. We've accomplished a lot this quarter. Our teams were quick to react at the start of the pandemic, implementing robust plans to reduce the risk of exposure and further spread of the virus in our stores, as well as following the mandates of public health officials and government agencies, which were changing daily. We introduced social distancing and sanitation procedures to reduce the risk for our customers and associates. We also launched new initiatives such as contactless curbside pickup, a temporary extension of our 90-day warranty and cash payment assistance to meet the near-term needs of our customers. We quickly shifted our entire wholesale business from in-person to online auctions, and we continue to keep our appraisal lanes open where possible for customers who wanted to or needed to sell their cars. In addition to keeping our stores open and selling cars to customers, we are very pleased with our margin and inventory management for both retail and wholesale in the steepest depreciation environment we've ever experienced. We also exited the quarter in an even stronger liquidity position than we had entered. Since hitting a trough in early April, we have seen our sales progressively improve as stores reopen, occupancy restrictions start to ease, and customers begin to reengage in car buying. Looking at more recent performance, we’re encouraged by the trends we experienced in late May and early June. Web traffic is up year-over-year and reaching new highs, a reflection of the great work our marketing team is doing to capture demand in pay channels and strength in non-brand SEO performance. In addition, leads coming into our Customer Experience Centers, or CECs continue to increase week-over-week. Although we have four stores still on limited operations and more than 50% with occupancy restrictions, for the first two weeks of June, our comp unit sales have been within 10% of last year's sales with many stores comping positively. We've recognized the current environment has accelerated the shift in consumer buying behavior. Customers are seeking safety, personalization, and convenience now more than ever in how they shop for and buy a vehicle. For us, this reaffirms that our strategy is the right path forward, and the current environment creates a unique opportunity for us to accelerate our omni-channel experience and other digitally driven investments. Before the crisis, we were already making significant investments in digital merchandising, online financing, and customer lead management tools, as we rolled out our new omni-channel experience. It's an experience that gives customers the opportunity to buy online, in-store, or a seamless combination of both. We expect to complete our omni-channel rollout in the second quarter and are focusing our efforts on optimizing this customer experience with new enhancements. Our proven business model and ability to act quickly allowed us to meet consumer expectations, while remaining financially strong. This in turn enables us to continue to aggressively invest in our core business and pursue new opportunities for growth, which I'll speak to shortly. Right now, I'd like to turn the call over to Enrique, who will provide a financial update, and then Tom will provide additional detail around customer financing.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our diversified business model, solid balance sheet, and strong cash generation positioned us extremely well to manage through challenging times. This strength also allows us to be opportunistic in the short-term, while maximizing our long-term growth and earnings potential, further distancing ourselves from our competitors. I'll begin with an overview of our operating performance, followed by a review of our financial position. On the GPU front, our teams did a great job managing margins, despite a period of unprecedented marketplace depreciation and operating limitations. Our GPU of $1,937 for the first quarter represented a decrease of $278 per unit versus the prior year. Our wholesale gross profit per unit was solid at $978, down by only $65 per unit versus the prior year quarter. This was despite sharp declines in wholesale values in late March and April.  Our strong GPU management is a testament to the strength of our professional buyers, our proprietary algorithms for buying, selling, and appraising cars, and our experience in managing through challenging times. Our wholesale business experienced a 48% decrease in year-over-year unit sales. Wholesale unit sales were negatively impacted by lower appraisal traffic from stores being closed or having limited operations as well as a decline in our buy rate. During the second half of the quarter, we began to see steady improvement in both areas as the country began to reopen and our auctions transitioned online. Our sell-through rate at our auctions in the quarter was consistent with our historical rate of over 95%. For the quarter, other gross profit decreased by approximately $89 million. This was driven by a $55 million decrease in service department profits and a $38 million decrease in EPP revenues. The decrease in EPP profits is attributable to the decrease in used units sold, slightly offset by a $7 million benefit related to the receipt of profit sharing and favorable cancellation reserve adjustments. We were also pleased to maintain ESP penetration rates above 60% for the quarter. The decrease in service profits reflects overhead deleverage as well as the pay continuity we provided our technicians, despite a reduction in production. Service profits also continued to be adversely affected by the increase in our post-sale warranty period from 30 to 90 days and by a crisis-driven reduction in retail service. As you may recall, the extension of warranty from 30 to 90 days was implemented in May of 2019. As a result of the recent improvement in sales in May and the first part of June, we are ramping production to increase our inventory levels. We, therefore, expect continued service inefficiencies in the second quarter as it takes time to return production to a normalized operating state. During the first quarter, as sales began to be negatively impacted by the pandemic, it was important that we align our operating expenses with the state of the business. At the same time, we took advantage of our financial strength to continue making investments in our omni-channel experience and other digital initiatives that provide us with a competitive advantage. For the quarter, SG&A decreased by more than 20% or $116 million. This is due to a decrease in variable expenses associated with the reduction in sales volume in addition to temporarily furloughing associates, reducing advertising spend and aligning other overhead costs to the business. SG&A for the quarter also benefited from a $40 million gain on settlement of a class action lawsuit and a $17 million reduction in stock-based compensation expense. As the business improves, we expect our SG&A costs will ramp, as associates return from furlough, our advertising spend increases based on increasing demand and we continue to invest in strategic initiatives, which Bill will discuss shortly. Now I'll provide you with an overview of our financial position. We ended the first quarter in a stronger liquidity position than we started. As of May 31, we had approximately $660 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand and $1.08 billion in unused capacity on our revolving credit facility. This compares favorably with the $700 million and $300 million, respectively, we had at the end of March and that we announced on our April 2, fourth quarter call. We were able to increase our liquidity by selling through inventory and quickly aligning costs to the lower volume. We did this while continuing to invest in our omni and digital experiences. From a debt perspective, we ended the first quarter with approximately $1.7 billion of long-term debt, excluding non-recourse notes payable, consisting of approximately $370 million outstanding under our revolver credit facility, $800 million of senior notes and term loans and approximately $535 million in financing obligations, largely related to sale leasebacks on select stores. It's important to note we have no near-term maturities as the earliest is in 2023. We ended the quarter modestly below our historical leverage target of 35% to 45% adjusted debt-to-capital, when netting out the approximately $660 million in cash we accumulated. During the first quarter, we opened four new stores that required minimal capital spend to complete. Previously, we mentioned it was our intent to open 13 stores during fiscal year 2021 and a similar number of stores in fiscal year 2022. We continue to pause on any additional spend on store expansion activity in FY 2021, and we'll revisit this decision later in the year. In addition, while we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders, our share repurchase program is currently on hold as well. We are extremely proud of our ability to improve our liquidity position during a very challenging quarter, while at the same time, continuing to push forward investments in our omni and digital initiatives. All of this positions us favorably to profitably grow market share as the economy and consumer rebounds. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Enrique, and good morning, everybody. The vast majority of customers who purchased a vehicle obtained some sort of financing, it's important that we ensure our broad range of customers have access to lending in all economic conditions. So having cap, along with a diverse group of partner lenders, who recognize the value of CarMax's origination channel allows us to consistently provide high-quality finance offers to our customers. In the first quarter, our lending channel continued to deliver, providing offers to 97% of customers applying for a vehicle. Having a captive finance arm offers numerous contributions to the business model that are difficult to replicate. Within the origination channel, CAF captures considerable finance income, while generating some incremental sales. CAF fully services all of the customers at finances, continuing CarMax's outstanding brand promise throughout the life of the finance contract. We have more than 800 CAF associates and the entire team did a phenomenal job this quarter, quickly mobilizing to work remotely, while responding to the increasing demands of our customers. In mid-March, as the pandemic escalated, we put in place a variety of measures at CAF to help our customers. This included suspending repositions, waiving late fees and providing payment relief under our disaster policies. Our service offering did evolve throughout the quarter, as we focused on supporting our customers, while also protecting our portfolio. Similar to auto – to our retail and wholesale business, CAF performance was also impacted by the coronavirus. For the quarter, originations decreased substantially due to closed stores and lower sales demand. In addition, CAF penetration, net of three-day payoffs decreased to 36.1% from 41.4% a year ago, due to the shift in the customer credit mix, some temporary underwriting adjustments in certain pockets, focused on preserving our high-quality portfolio, and some testing of loan routing to our third-party partners. Tier 2's penetration increased to 28.5% in Q1 from 20.3% last year, as it benefited from CAF's routing tests and a change in customer credit mix in the quarter. Tier 2's conversion also remained strong. Tier 3 for the first quarter increased to 14.5% from 11.5% a year ago, as it also benefited from the change in customer credit mix. CAF income for the quarter was $51 million, which was predominantly affected by the impact of the increase in this quarter's provision for loan losses to $122 million, which understandably is significantly up from the $38 million in Q1 last year. For the first quarter, the ending reserve balance was $437 million versus $147 million a year ago. The significant increase in the loss reserve arose from two factors. First, the required adoption of the new current expected credit loss accounting standard, which is commonly referred to as CECL; and second, an unfavorable adjustment for experience arising from the coronavirus. Upon the adoption of CECL, we recorded a $202 million increase in the allowance for loan losses on the first quarter opening consolidated balance sheet with a corresponding adjustments of $153 million net of tax to retained earnings. As previously discussed, the most significant element of CECL requires us to reserve for expected lifetime net losses, whereas previously we reserved for the following 12 months. In addition, CECL requires the incorporation of economic adjustment factors as a component in the lifetime loss projection. Just to be clear, the initial adjustment for the adoption of CECL ran through retained earnings, it did not impact the Q1 provision for losses. Post adoption, any changes in the loss expectations are applied to the entire remaining life of the portfolio and run through the provision in accordance with CECL. The $122 million provision for loan losses in the first quarter includes an increase of $84 million on our estimate of lifetime losses to receivables on the books as of the end of Q4. This is a nearly 25% increase in our expectations, largely resulting from the coronavirus turmoil and worsening economic factors. The remaining $38 million largely reflects our estimate of lifetime losses on this quarter's originations. As a result, our loss reserve is now 3.32% of ending managed receivables at $13.4 billion. Recall, this includes cash Tier 3 receivables, which represent roughly 10% of the reserve and 1% of the portfolio. With the underwriting adjustments I mentioned earlier, we are currently targeting new loan originations or the higher end of our historic target range for cumulative net loss, which is 2% to 2.5%. As we mentioned last quarter, CAF is not originating Tier 3 loans at this time. We believe our efforts to help customers minimize defaults and maximize the ultimate flexibility of loans are having an impact. At this time, delinquency rates are lower year-over-year. However, this number is somewhat distorted due to payment extensions that have been granted. As one would expect, payment extension spiked in April and have declined significantly in recent weeks as customers have exhibited the ability and willingness to pay. Going forward, we will continue to manage payment extensions with the focus on providing our customers with appropriate relief, while at the same time, protecting our portfolio. We've demonstrated an ability to finance CAF receivables and support the core business, with the execution of a $1.15 billion ABS transaction in April. And we maintained warehouse lines totaling $3.5 billion of capacity of which $1.55 billion was available at the end of May. Finally, we strive to provide our customers with an iconic experience during the car buying process and their multiyear finance experience. Like our own channel investments, we have been making a large investment in our auto finance customer platforms that will provide more opportunities for customers to self-serve and provide flexibility to offer more customized experience. We look forward to rolling out this technology in FY 2022. Our expertise, resources, and strong lending partnerships remain instrumental in helping us successfully manage through this challenging and ever-changing environment. I'd like to take a moment to thank our teams in Atlanta and Richmond for their dedication and hard work. And now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Tom, and Enrique. Our record sales, earnings, and market share gain last year, combined with the changing consumer behavior in favor of omnichannel offerings, validate our strategy as the right path forward. We believe that CarMax is unmatched in the industry as an omnichannel used car retailer and now more than ever, customers want to personalize seamless and multichannel experience that allows them to shop on their terms, whether that is online, in-store, or a combination of both. Over the past several years, we've invested more than $300 million in digital initiatives, technologies, and our associates. These investments focus on modernizing our systems, expanding our digital offerings, and reorganizing ourselves to innovate quickly, while capitalizing on the inherent advantages of being a larger company. I am extremely proud of how these investments have empowered us to quickly adapt to an ever-evolving consumer and operating environment. I'm also excited about the opportunities we've set ourselves up for in the future. The priority of our near-term strategic investments will focus on our customer experience, vehicle acquisition, and our wholesale business. In addition, we will continue to assess opportunities to become a leaner, more agile and more cost effective organization over the long-term, which in turn funds new ways to evolve and grow. Our omni-channel offerings are the next evolution of the exceptional customer experience that CarMax is already known for, providing a truly unique retail experience by personalizing each customer's journey through multiple channels is a significant differentiator for us. With the rollout of omni-channel almost complete, our focus is turning towards improving and evolving this experience. For example, last year, we began testing a post-sale home delivery process, where a customer can buy a car fully online before it is delivered to their home. While most customers prefer to see and drive vehicles before purchase, some want to purchase without taking these steps. It is our goal to quickly scale this capability nationwide by the end of this year were allowed by law for any customer who wants to shop this way. Another experience area that we will continue to focus on is our centralized CECs. While we know they will provide significant long-term benefits, in the near-term they will run with some inefficiencies as they ramp. Opportunities exist to drive effectiveness through improved, associate training and specialization of roles. We also see opportunities to gain efficiencies through automation, data-driven algorithms and smart routing to get the right customer to the right associate at the right time. When it comes to vehicle acquisition, we are the largest buyer of used vehicles, which provides us with unique avenues to efficiently source cars. In the near term, our investments are going to focus on improving our core buying channels and opening up new buying channels. We will also continue to invest in modernizing our wholesale auction platforms, which will enable us to operate all auctions simultaneously online and in person. Finally, there are a variety of areas we are looking at to become leaner, more agile and more cost-effective over the long-term. These include store and reconditioning efficiencies and adapting our workplace for the future, further separating ourselves as one of the best places to work in America. The rapidly changing consumer behavior is favoring companies with omni-channel offerings. And we believe we have the best omni-channel experience in the used car industry. We provide a personalized, multichannel experience that empowers customers to buy a car on their terms, all while taking steps to keep our customer safe across their car buying journey. It is designed as a world-class in-store experience, a world-class online experience and a seamless combination of the two. No other used car retailer is in the position to deliver this iconic customer experience the way we can, because of our talented associates, our physical footprint, our online experience, our infrastructure and national brands. We are very excited about the future as we continue to leverage all of our capabilities, while also advancing with new innovations. At this time, we will be great -- be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we will be conducting our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question this morning comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. I hope every one is well and healthy down there. Bill, I have a question just regarding your performance. I mean, we obviously saw a very nice sequential improvement since kind of late March, early April. But the fact is you are still posting negative comps, call it 10% or just under 10%. I think we've seen both e-commerce competitors and franchise competitors shift to positive comps in their used business. So I guess, I'm wondering are there any structural reasons why CarMax would be underperforming others by that magnitude, especially given your outperformance call it in the fourth quarter?
Bill Nash: Yes. Good morning, Scot. So I think, first of all, it's a little difficult to do comparisons at this point. You have to look at growth rates going into it. You have to look at growth rates that they're currently at. I think you have to look at geographic differences. I also think you have to take into consideration different responses to the mandates, because I can tell you even though we are following mandates in every single market, we know that there are others that were not following mandates. But I think the biggest factor, I think the structural factor that I think it's important to remind everyone, and I talked about this in my opening remarks about the limited operations and the occupancy restrictions. Keep in mind, we sell on average more than 300 cars a month. We have locations that sell upwards of 1,000 cars a month. And when you start talking about limited operations or occupancy restrictions, let me bring it to life for you. We had occupancy restrictions in a bunch of markets where all you could have were 10 customers in your store at a time, that's 10 total customers. So, it doesn't matter if they're for appraisals, if they're for buying, or they're there for retail, you can only have 10. So I think that alone, the occupancy restriction and the limited operations probably hurt us a little bit more just because of the sheer volume. Because again, if you're a dealer that sells 60 to 100 cars, even limiting it to 10 customers at a time is not as impactful on them as it would be for someone like us.
Scot Ciccarelli: So with that in mind, is there any way to potentially estimate the impact that some of these occupancy restrictions have had on your business within the last couple of weeks?
Bill Nash: Yes. It's hard to pinpoint down to specifics. In my opening remarks, when we had -- at the peak, we had half of them that we either closed or limited operations. At that point, the bulk of them were closed. So we had about 70 stores that were closed, 35 were under limited operations, and then the remaining 100-plus had occupancy restrictions. And over time, what we saw is that shifted from store close to limited operations and eventually from limited operations to occupancy restrictions. Now the great news is; the occupancy restrictions although currently, we still have half of our stores that have occupancy requirements, they're starting to ease. So instead of having only 10 customers or 20% occupancy or 30% occupancy, you're starting to migrate more to 50% occupancy, which makes a big difference. We still have four stores that are running limited operations right now, but we hope to get them back up to full operations based off the mandates in the near future. Now, keep in mind with the rise of the virus spiking in some markets, at any given point in time, we may have to close a store here and there because of a positive test result in the store. And our normal protocol, we close, we do a big deep clean and then we reopen. So, if I look back in Q1, it probably -- it's right around 73% of the days we ran with limited operations, about 70% -- a little above 70% of the days we ran with closed -- totally closed operations. And when you look at them combined, about 62-ish percent of the days out of the quarter had both things going on, closed and limited operations.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Bill Nash: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Sigman from Crédit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Seth Sigman: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I want to follow-up on that last point. So Bill, you did discuss some stores returning to positive in the recent weeks. So, if you're running down 10% overall quarter-to-date, it does imply a pretty big gap still across the store base. So, I just want to confirm, is that purely the occupancy restrictions, or are there other regional differences and any other trends that maybe you can speak to across the store base. And then, if you can, anyway to give us a sense on how positive or how much stores are positive versus not, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes, Seth. So, regionally, if you look at it throughout the quarter, obviously, there were certain markets that were a lot more restrictive for a lot longer time period. And some of the West Coast stores come to mind. So right now, I think the occupancy restrictions and the limited operations are the big driver of the difference between -- keep in mind, there's lots of different mandates out there by local level. And so, the more restrictive the mandates are, the more it's going to have an impact on our business. So that's really what's driving, I think, the different performance as well as some of these markets have been open for three, four weeks now, other markets are just starting to kind of reopen. So I think that's the big driver between the differences. But, again, we're pleased both with how occupancy restrictions are starting to ease, and we're pleased with the fact that we do have a bunch of our stores already comping over significantly higher sales last year.
Seth Sigman: Okay. Any way to quantify what significant means, how much over the last year?
Bill Nash: Well, it's not quite a majority of the stores at this point, but we do many stores that are comping.
Seth Sigman: Okay, perfect. Thanks very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Sharon.
Sharon Zackfia: Good morning. I was hoping you could talk about some of the shifts you alluded to in consumer behavior, and put some more numbers around that. Obviously, you've been rolling out omni-channel and you rolled out curbside pick up pretty aggressively earlier in the quarter. Look, what kind of opt-in rate did you get on either delivery or curbside pickup? Any indication on how that's also trending as markets reopen, would be, I think, useful.
Bill Nash: Yes. Sure, Sharon. So, first of all, the way I think about our omni-channel experience, I don't necessarily measure it, kind of through alternative delivery, although I'll speak to that to answer your question. The way I think about the omni-channel experience is, how many of our customers are engaging with us online with our CECs. And prior to the virus hitting, it was roughly about 50% of our sales were coming through engagement with our CECs. Fast forward to now, that number is north of 60%. And I think that's reflective of customers wanting to do more things online. If you look at kind of alternative delivery, so for us, it's about home delivery. And curbside, at the peak, when most stores were closed and running under limited operations. And the markets that offer those services, combined, you're looking close to about 15% penetration. The interesting thing though is now markets are starting to open. We still see heavy engagement online, doing things ahead of time, but customers are still opting to go to the store. So the number has actually settled down now between those two, right around 10%, a little bit under 10%.
Sharon Zackfia: Thanks for that. And if I could follow-up with an additional question, just on the GPU pressure you saw this quarter, I mean, obviously, you managed inventory very well. Are you expecting any kind of incremental GPU pressure in the second quarter, or do you feel like, you've kind of managed through that and have a lower cost inventory at this point?
Bill Nash: Yes. No, I think we are in great shape. Again, I said this on my opening remarks that the team did a phenomenal job. And just to put it in perspective, if you go back to 2008 and 2009 in the Great Recession, over the worst depreciation cycle. So over about a year's time, we saw $3,500 in depreciation. In this period, over about a five-week period, we saw about $2,500 of depreciation. We've never seen the magnitude of depreciation like we saw this time. The team did a phenomenal job rightsizing our inventory, and we certainly did not go into fire cell mode by any stretch of the imagination. But we did do strategic markdowns on certain pieces of inventory to make sure that we got it into the right level. So I feel really great about our position. I feel really great about our margins going forward. And assuming that the economy, obviously, there's lots of uncertainty with the economy right now, but assuming that we continue on this cycle, I think we – the GPU headwinds are beyond us.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Sharon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is just around restraints on sales that you haven't mentioned so far in the Q&A. First is on inventory and second is on CAF underwriting. Any sense of how you can quantify how much of those held back your sales in recent weeks?
Bill Nash: Yes. I'll talk about the inventory. So obviously, when the virus hit, our immediate focus in – when the virus hit, our immediate kind of crisis focus was really about, okay, the health and safety and financial wellbeing of our associates, the health and safety of our customers, but then also the financial security of the organization. And part of that financial security was rightsizing the inventory. And we always make sure we have the inventory that's appropriate for sales. So this was no different. When we saw the demand go down, we absolutely got into the mode of, okay, let's get our inventory right sized. Now, the great news is, the sales have come back better than what we expected over a quicker time period. And we've got our production facilities all back up and operational, but it is a bit of a headwind right now. If you look at the sales demand and our inventory is lighter than where we want to, but truthful I'd rather be on this side of the equation than the other side of the equation. So again, I think the team did a great job. And we'll work over the next few weeks to get the inventory right sized. We've already started to fill back up our pipeline. Our sale of inventory is less down – I mean, it's more down year-over-year than our total inventory. So now it's just a matter of getting it produced, which our teams do a phenomenal job on. And then I'll let Tom talk a little bit about CAF.
Tom Reedy: Yes, hey, Seth, because there's so many moving parts, it's really hesitate to try and tease out precise numbers on drivers of sales. But what we saw during the quarter was not just a shift in mix of overall credit for customers, but even a shift in the mix within Tier 1. And that means a greater proportion. When you look at how CAF approves, we have segments that we buy and a greater portion of the Tier 1 mix was at the lower most – higher – higher loss segments. So in order to preserve our portfolio and financeability, as we target on a go-forward basis, we made some, I would call it, fine-tuning by carving out, at least for the time being, some of those highest loss segments. And what does that mean? That means that those loans go down to Tier 2 and they see them first rather than us. We know that, overall, there is some pressure on conversion when you go to Tier 2, because the offers aren't quite as nice as what they see at CAF. But for the most part, our Tier 2 lenders are delighted to see those and accommodate them, because it's the high end of what they typically buy. So we did see them taking up for the most part. I think there was some pressure, maybe one or two points on sales based on the adjustments we made. But as we see credit mix go back to normal and that means both the increase in the overall FICO score and mix within Tier 1, that pressure will diminish because a lower percentage of the portfolio is -- falls into those categories and is getting pushed down to Tier 2.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Hey Seth, the other thing I'll mention that you did not mention as far as the headwind is, I would also consider the CECs to be a bit of a headwind this quarter as well. Because of that big jump up that we saw from folks engaging online, we expected to get there. We had no idea we're going to get there over about a four-week period. So, we had to ramp up the CECs, which in the near-term, is a bit of a headwind. Our service levels were not at where we want them to be. But again, we're fixing that right now and that will continue to improve as well.
Seth Basham: Thank you. And just as a follow-up, Tom, as it relates to your loan loss provision, your current balance, which is 3.3% of loans, that's up in the range that we saw at the peak of the Great Recession. And for loans originated in the quarter, 3.8% is well above it, understanding that there's some shift in the credit profile of what you originated this quarter. But how do we think about where that loan loss rate and provision is likely to go going forward?
Tom Reedy: Well, it is -- the way things work, we may take our best information and make an estimate on where we expect the portfolio to end up. So, for existing loans, that 3.32% is our expectation based on everything we know today. We would not expect that to evolve unless we were to learn new information or new things to evolve in the economy. As far as new originations, as I said, we've made some adjustments to our origination strategy and we expect that those should evolve in kind of the higher end of our target range of 2% to 2.5%. That's what we're striving to do and that, I think, ensures a financeable portfolio and keep things going.
Seth Basham: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rajat Gupta from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Rajat Gupta: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my questions here. I just had one clarification from a prior question and then one follow-up. So, on clarification, the 10% to 15% penetration level you talked about for omni earlier, is that -- does that mean that 10% to 15% of sales -- unit sales right now is completely through the alternative delivery channels or I just want to make sure like I'm understanding that definition correctly?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, the 10% to -- so at the peak of the virus, when we had the most stores closed or in limited operations, we saw in the markets, the eligible markets that have the home delivery and the curbside, we saw peak -- combined peak close to 15%. If you looked at it as a percent of total sales across the whole organization, it was around 10%, and it settled in -- it was a little bit above 10%, but it's now settled back in to a little -- around 10%, a little bit under 10%.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. So, that will mean like around like 15,000 units or so in last quarter were through the alternative channel? Is that the bulk for us roughly?
Bill Nash: Roughly. Yes, maybe a little bit higher.
Rajat Gupta: Got it. Thanks for clarifying that. And then just on the cost side of the equation, just through the crisis process and the furloughs and the headcount reductions, do we -- should we expect to see any permanent reductions in SG&A when you're back to more normalized levels of sales? And relatedly, during the 2008, 2009 crisis, you did see significant improvement in efficiencies related to reconditioning. I mean, there was a structural shift in your retail GPU. Do we -- should we expect something similar or maybe of a lower magnitude this time around as well? Just want to clarify on those two points. Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yeah. I'll talk about the reconditioning side, and then I'll let Enrique talk about the SG&A. So on the reconditioning side, as I said earlier, we're going to continue to look for ways to take cost out. The reconditioning well be one. If you remember back in 2008, we had significant improvements there. What I would say is I think they're going to be incremental improvements in the reconditioning. So I wouldn't say that you're going to see -- back then, it was north of $250 per unit. There is no big, okay, go do this, and it's going to be $250. There's going to be a lot of incremental things. We're going to be rolling out our new version of flow into all the stores, we pick up efficiencies there, as well as we'll continue look for procurement efficiencies, both in the reconditioning side, but in the store side as well. And I'll let Enrique talk about the SG&A.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yeah. From an SG&A perspective, within the quarter, we focus our actions aggressively on better aligning what we've traditionally considered as fixed costs really to match the lower demand. So items like staffing through our furloughs, advertising reduction, reduction in contractors, store-based project, home office-based projects really were all acted on aggressively within the quarter. But as sales rebound, we do expect these costs to increase, as I spoke to earlier, but we're always looking at ways to get more efficient. It's kind of too early to tell whether or not there's some systematic opportunities. What I will tell you, though, is that we will continue to invest in our business as well. So we have a strong balance sheet. We have a strong financial position and it allows us to continue to invest in our growth as well.
Bill Nash: Yeah. I think the other thing to add to that. If you looked at what we were thinking about -- before the coronavirus, we're going to be coming into this year, we were going to continue to make investments. In the past couple of years, we've talked about needing comps in the range of 5% to 8% in order to lever. If you looked at what we were looking at coming into this year, if all we've been focused on with omni, the omni experience, we would have levered better than that. Now we have made the decision to hit some new strategic initiatives, some of which we continue to hit into this quarter, some of them we put on hold. But that gives you a little bit of color. We still -- this year had been a normal year. We would have still been in the 5% to 8% range, but it's just so hard to know at this point, as sales come back, we'll continue to adapt.
Rajat Gupta: Got it, great. Thanks for the color and good luck.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Armintas Sinkevicius from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I was hoping you could quantify the growth in the web traffic and the growth in the lead to the customer experience center that you highlighted in the press release?
Bill Nash: Yeah. So that growth, I was talking about was the first two weeks of June, both leads and traffic were double digit.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Both leads and traffic, okay. And what was it for the quarter?
Bill Nash: For the quarter, web traffic was down, it was about 11% and leads weren't far off from that.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay. And then just a quick one here. As we think about less new vehicle inventory coming to market, there being a pressure on new vehicle inventory. Maybe you could talk about the age of your portfolio and how well positioned or not, you are to be able to sell nearly new vehicles to the market that may be demanding them?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, as far as the source goes, we don't feel like we had a problem on finding the vehicles. We're in production mode right now, which is really building the inventory back up, but the concern isn't about being able to find the vehicles. We'll be able to source those. I will tell you, during the quarter, pretty much the wholesale market external market froze because a lot of the sales were closed, dramatically low vehicles being offered for sale. But at that time, we weren't out really buying anyway. So it didn't really matter. And it's gone to the point now where, if you look at the volume that you're seeing in the sales and you look at the sales rate that you're seeing in the external sales, they really have come back. They're very near getting back to pre-virus levels.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay. But are you seeing you selling younger cars or older cars? Where are you seeing the most demand?
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, during the quarter, we had a little bit of a shift mix to -- from zero to two-year-old car shifted to five plus. So that's what we saw during the quarter. We also saw – if you look at our average selling price for the quarter, it was up a little bit, but that's primarily due to the fact that we had a shift mix into large SUV gas closures, which are more expensive year-over-year. We were several percentage points up on that. And because a lot of the inventory that was sold in March and April was acquired back in the appreciating market time of the pre-virus.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay. Appreciate it.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Nagel: So Bill, on the last quarter conference call and I was right in the beginning of the COVID crisis. I asked you, we discussed this kind of the nature of what was then very quickly diminish in demand. So here, you're saying today, it's very encouraging that we're seeing this rather significant sales pickup late into the quarter into the current quarter. So you've gotten much better with data, watching your customers. I mean, as we're all trying to figure out kind of what we're rebounding to, we have got this with CarMax within retail in general, how would you characterize this demand right now? Is there pent-up from the weaker sales maybe several weeks ago, or do you see underlying – real underlying demand taking hold that's likely to sustain itself?
Bill Nash: Yes. Brian, it's hard to know for sure. I mean, I think there's absolutely some pent-up demand because people were staying at home for several weeks. So I think there's some of that. I think the CARES Act has given some folks money. And I think that’s one of the reasons why you see the increase in Tier 3. I think that it's a little bit like tax refund money. When folks have it, they tend to go out. And the biggest population that we see that driving are the lower FICO-type customers. As far as the sustainability, it's hard to tell. I mean, right now, it's such an uncertain environment out there. I mean, we've got high unemployment. You've got these spikes in the coronavirus cases. You got the social challenges going on. So I think we're well positioned and having come through this, I think we're more agile and resilient than even before. So I think we're prepared for wherever it may go, but I think it's too early to say, hey, this is going to be – where this is going to go? And is this going to be sustained? I think it's going to depend on a lot of macro factors, but what I can tell you is that we'll be ready to pivot any way we need to.
Brian Nagel: That's really helpful. And then my follow-up question and I think it's a bit of a follow-up to some of the prior questions. Just with regard to inventory. And I know there's a lot of moving parts out there right now. But as we think about with that spread, if you will, between new and used car pricing, give what you're seeing right now. How is that shaping up in this environment? As you look forward, I mean, what I'm saying, are you seeing -- for whatever -- because of the dynamics or shifting dynamics, actually better inventory acquisition opportunities that could basically help to bolster sales down the road?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, during the quarter, it really was a kind of a non-story as far as the gap widening or collapsing. And I think as we look forward, there's a lot of factors that you have to kind of weigh in. What's going to happen with new cars as far as the manufacture and how much production they're going to actually be able to do? They're struggling to get opened back up again and get new cars out there. So, I think that will be something that weighs into it. I think there's probably a lot of wholesale inventory that needs to be released through the sales that kind of got backed up a little bit. So I would expect to see additional wholesale inventory being offered. So, I think it just depends. It depends on the new car and how that continues to progress as well as when the timing of some of this wholesale inventory really starts to come out. I mean, I talked about the depreciation during the quarter, but what’s remarkably, which is as remarkable as the decline was how quick it's come back. And so, I think, the wholesale market is pretty self regulating. And at some point, if it gets too high, it will just slow down sales. And it corrects itself. But I think supply -- we will be fine on the supply side. But as far as the gap between new cars really going to depend on, I think, production of the manufacturers.
Brian Nagel: Okay. Well, thanks a lot. Appreciate all the color.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison from Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hey. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the wholesale business, that pivot to all online wholesale auction sales happen really fast, that's tremendous execution on behalf of that team. I would like to understand the economics of that digital-only model versus your traditional format? Are you experiencing any differences in like the proceeds per unit, or what you see as your cost per unit? And do you see this as a permanent change? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Craig. And you're right. It was awesome. The team did a phenomenal job. We've talked about in the past, the fact that we've been testing some simulcast technology. And really within a matter of about two weeks, got all of the sales converted over to the virtual platform is truly remarkable. And the team did a phenomenal job. As far as the economics, it's a little too early to talk about that. But what I will tell you is, during that time period, we didn't see any degradation of dealer attendance. So, we already had a very high dealer-to-car ratio. And obviously, the more dealers you have, the more your vehicles will bring as far as price goes. So, I think that our physical presence in having online auctions, but also complementaring it -- I'm sorry, having the physical presence and having running these auctions, and then also complementing it with the online, is great, because I think it will continue to open up the sales to even more dealers. And when you have more dealers, theoretically, you should be able to get more value for your cars. And if you can get more value for your car, then you -- for us, you want to put as much on it for the consumer as we can, so we can buy as many units as possible. So, I think it's a little early, but I would expect that having the online will make it available to more dealers.
Craig Kennison: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Montani from Evercore. Please go ahead. 
Michael Montani: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just, first off, wanted to start on the advertising front. You know, I was curious to see, Bill if you could give any color about where you see kind of full year and even next quarter kind of ad spend per vehicle going, just in light of the fact that the sales is recovering? And then I had a follow-up on multichannel.
Bill Nash: Yes. So you know, if the virus hadn't been here, I think we had already talked about, you know, last year we stepped up a little bit on a per unit basis when it came to advertising. This year we were planning on – if you look at on a per unit basis is actually we look it. We would spend a little bit more and really a lot of that was also to support the omnichannel rollout. Obviously, we pulled back on all different pieces of advertising during the quarter, but we've been ramping it back up again. And so – I would expect the rest of the year to get more on par, assuming that business continues like this, I would expect to get more on par what we would have been expecting had the virus not hit us.
Michael Montani: Okay. Great. And then just on the multichannel front. You know, in the release, you mentioned that a lot of that rollout was now kind of completed. And so I just wanted to drill into that to understand better – like how many of the stores currently are offering ship-to-home or home delivery capabilities? And then secondly, as it relates to the CECs, at what point in time could we anticipate that those would – start to generate kind of net favorability and efficiency gains as they gain scale?
Bill Nash: Okay. So on the omnichannel experience, at the end of the quarter, we were roughly, let's say, it was available. Omnichannel experience was roughly available in about 65% of the markets. We're now in the 70-ish, mid-70-ish. We will be done with rolling omnichannel out next quarter. Now as far as home delivery goes, when we're all said – when we get it rolled out – omnichannel rolled out everywhere, home delivery will probably right off the bat. At that point, only be available to about 85% of the markets just because there's some small one-off markets and some different logistics that we'll have to work through. As far as the CEC efficiencies coming into this year, we didn't expect the CEC efficiency – we didn't expect the CECs to really become efficient because we knew we are going to continue to ramp of omni and as we are ramping up, but we knew they are going to be inefficient. So I would expect the efficiencies really – to really take hold in next fiscal year. But I tell you, I'm really pleased with some of the progress we've already made on the conversion. If you look at the conversion of the CECs versus the conversion of our old process, we continue to see improvements there. And so we're excited about it. We think it's going to give us a lot of great benefits as we look forward.
Michael Montani: Great. Thank you. 
Bill Nash: Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session as we have reached 10 A.M. Those remaining in queue can reach out to Investor Relations to have their questions answered. I will now turn the call back over to Bill Nash for closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. Thank you, Carol. Yes. So look, I would just say, look we've never experienced such a rapidly changing environment in all aspects of our business, whether it's retail, it's wholesale, or CAF. In my opening remarks, I talked about all the different accomplishments. And I'd tell you, it's really – it's because of the strength of our culture, the unique business model and our financial structure that really has enabled us to navigate all this. We feel really good about our investments and our path forward and we believe our omni-channel experience is fundamentally different than any other used car retailer, because of that fact it is designed in the world-class in-store or world-class online, but equally important, it's a world-class combination of the two. I want to thank all of you for your questions today. Thank you for your support. And as always, I have to thank our associates for their continued dedication to living our values each and every day. You are the success of CarMax. So, thank you for what you do and we will talk again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-04-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2020 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to turn the call over to Stacy Frole, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Stacy Frole: Thank you, Carol. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2020 fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. I am here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO, Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President of Finance; and Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Senior Vice President and CFO. Let me remind you, our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on the management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2019 filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422, extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Thank you, Stacy. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us. As you read in our earnings release this morning, we delivered record used vehicle sales and EPS for both our fourth quarter and full-year results. And we did this while maintaining attractive GPUs and undergoing the largest transformation in our company's history. For calendar 2019, we also grew our comp market share of 0 to 10-year-old vehicles to 4.7%, which was an increase of 4.2%.  While we're extremely proud of this performance, given the rapidly evolving and unprecedented time that we currently are in, we are not going to repeat the earnings commentary included within this morning's release. Instead, we would like to take this time to focus on the current environment and answer any questions you may have.  First and foremost, our thoughts are with our communities, all of which have been affected by the coronavirus. I also want to thank those who are battling this pandemic on a day-to-day basis.  Over the past few weeks, we've put significant measures in place to reduce the risk of exposure and further spread of the virus in our communities. The health and safety of our associates, customers, and our communities are very important to us.  We are following the mandates of public health officials and government agencies, including the implementation of enhanced cleaning measures, social distancing guidelines, and in many localities closing our stores.  Our team has also done a great job in mobilizing our associates at corporate locations to work remotely from home with only a critical few remaining in our offices. During this challenging time, we remain committed to living our values. We're current providing pay and benefits for up to 14 days to our associates who have been impacted by store closings or required to be quarantined. In addition, we are assessing options for those to go beyond 14 days. We also continue to give back to our communities by supporting our national partners in their response to the coronavirus.  Regarding our business, approximately half of our stores are currently closed or running with limited operations. We have a central response team in place, developing and implementing plans for multiple scenarios as this is a dynamic situation with new store openings and closing daily.  Our goal is to keep our locations open as long as possible to support the essential needs of our customers, while also providing income to our associates. Throughout this time, we will constantly monitor and operate according to the requirements provided by each locality. As noted in our news release, our omnichannel experience was available to approximately 60% of our customers. For our remaining markets, we're pivoting and implementing the most relevant parts of the omni experience, such as online self-progression and curbside or express pickup as quickly and broadly as possible given the current needs of our customers. While not our usual practice, we're providing insight into March sales to allow visibility into current conditions. In all of my years at CarMax, I've never experienced a month like we had in March, which was the most volatile month I've ever seen. The positive momentum experienced this past year carried into the beginning of the month with robust comps through the first week of March. Since then, the coronavirus situation within the US has rapidly escalated and our sales have dropped significantly.  Over the past few weeks, approximately half of our stores have closed or are running under limited operations and consumer demand has progressively deteriorated.  For wholesale, approximately one-third of our auction locations are closed due to state mandates, and almost half of our wholesale vehicle sales are now taking place online.  Advancements in technology have enabled us to quickly move sales to an online platform, and we will be moving all sales online in the coming weeks.  For both our retail and wholesale GPUs, we anticipate pressure for a period of time as we look to right-size our inventory levels in light of the current environment.  At this time, we're unable to fully quantify the size of the impact as it largely depends on the duration of store closures, which is constantly changing; consumer demand; and how large the changes are in the underlying valuations.  We are the largest buyer and seller of used cars in the US, and we believe it is important that we keep our appraisal lanes open where possible, so that customers who want or need to sell their cars can.  We will continue to leverage our professional buyers and proprietary algorithms to ensure we are offering our customers the right price at the right time in this dynamic environment.  As we focus on managing our national inventory, I want to emphasize our diversified business model, with a powerful store footprint in sophisticated logistics network and a huge competitive advantage.  In addition, we have been through challenging times before and we know the experience of our associates and strength of our inventory management systems are instrumental as we need to quickly and efficiently move cars out of markets, where stores and auctions are closing.  We've always said that it's our associates, culture, financial stability, and operational excellence that set us apart, allowing us to expand our market share in all economic cycles.  We believe the proactive steps we're taking today will help us withstand the current environment and emerge from this crisis as an even stronger company.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom, who will discuss our business continuity efforts as it relates to CAF, and he'll be followed by Enrique who will speak to our financial stability. 
Tom Reedy : Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everybody. While the situation in the nation and our stores is unprecedented, those who have followed us over the years know that this team has dealt with similar circumstances in the capital market.  Recent focus at CAF and our consumer finance group has been on our associates, our customers, and our funding channels. As Bill mentioned earlier, our teams have done an excellent job in mobilizing our associates to work remotely, while responding to the increasing demands of our customers. For the few whose work requires them to be in the office, social distancing guidelines are emphasized at CAF. During these uncertain times, we are endeavoring to do what is right for our customers. In this environment, we understand some customers may need help. We have in place a variety of measures at CAF that we believe will support our customers during difficult times, while enhancing the long-term collectability for the portfolio. This includes suspending repossessions, waiving late fee for March and April and providing additional loan payment extensions when available upon request. As one would anticipate, origination volume tracked with our sales performance during the month of March, starting out strong and then decreasing as stores closed and demand slowed.  At this point in time, we have curtailed our in-house tier 3 lending, but have made no changes to our core lending standards as it is too early to identify any specific trends and customer demographics in credit mix. However, we're watching it closely.  Not surprisingly, in the second half of March, we did experience an increase in delinquencies and a greater demand for payment extensions. At this point, we're not able to predict the future impact on portfolio performance. But we'll continue to analyze the data as it becomes available.  In either case, we will continue to balance the needs of our customers, while maintaining quality portfolio. Obviously, we'd expect some unfavorable loss experience as well, but similarly, it's much too early to determine the overall impact on the quarter.  As we discussed on our last call, the new current expected credit loss accounting standard, commonly referred to as CECL, is effective for us as of March 1. The CARES Act passed by Congress last week provides temporary relief from applying the CECL standards for some companies. Given the current environment, we're evaluating whether we're eligible for this relief and if we would elect to adopt it just to defer our adoption of the standard. Additional information will be available in our 10-K filed later this month.  We expect our customers will continue to have a variety of options to finance their vehicles purchases through CAF and our partner lenders. Lending partners have indicated they intend to continue supporting the CarMax channel. As I've mentioned many times over the years, our partners have historically told us they prioritize CarMax business in capital allocation decisions, mostly because they experience superior performance from our superior origination channel, but also due to our long-term focus on relationships.  We ended FY 2020 with $1.3 billion of unused capacity on our warehouse facilities, an amount that could support CAF activity for several months, particularly in the current sales environment.  And while the public ABS market is currently disrupted, we see the feds recent actions to bolster liquidity in the credit markets, including bringing back TALF as encouraging.  In any event, we're actively assessing alternatives, similar to the creative solutions we employed during the Great Recession should the ABS market remain disrupted for an extended period of time.  We are fortunate to have finance teams that have navigated crises together in the past. We believe we have the expertise, resources and partners to help us work through this challenging and ever changing environment.  Now, I'll turn over the call to Enrique to discuss our financial strength and flexibility. 
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Tom. And good morning, everyone. CarMax's competitive advantage lies in the combination of our focus on associates, strength and diversity of our business model, our ability to manage through challenging times and our strong balance sheet.  This positions us well for when the economy rebounds and should position us to further distance ourselves from our competitors. At the end of the year, our adjusted debt to capital ratio was at the lower end of our targeted range of 35% 45%. Not being highly levered provides us with flexibility that is beneficial to have in the current challenging environment. We have always been focused on maintaining a solid balance sheet with a strong liquidity profile. We've done this to maintain flexibility in our capital structure, and to help shield us from potentially difficult macroeconomic environments.  Let me give you a current liquidity snapshot as to where we stood at the end of March. As of March 31, we had approximately $700 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. More than $300 million of unused capacity on our revolving credit facility, and more than $2.5 billion of inventory. We also own the real estate and buildings in more than 140 of our locations across the country, with a net book value in excess of $1.8 billion.  From a debt perspective, we currently have approximately $2.5 billion of long-term debt consisting of approximately $1.1 billion outstanding on to our revolving credit facility, $800 million of senior notes and term loans, and approximately $535 million in financing obligations, largely related to sale leasebacks on select stores.  It's important to also note that we have no near-term maturities as the earliest is in 2023. As you can see, we are in a solid financial position. However, in the current environment, it's also important for us to manage costs in the shorter term for the reduced sales levels and limited visibility into the future environment.  We've shown an ability in the past to make the prudent decisions to ensure the long-term health of our business and to protect cash flows even in challenging times.  We intend on carrying the same approach to the current, albeit unprecedented, situation Accordingly, we have already begun taking measures to preserve cash with specific steps that will best position us to emerge in strong financial health.  Over the past few weeks, we have been reducing inventory levels, pausing on most capital expenditures, and aligning operating expenses to the state of the business. At the same time, we're ensuring that we're building in sufficient flexibility, so we can capture the rebound in sales when it arrives.  Prior to the coronavirus, it was our intent to open 13 new stores during fiscal year 2021 and a similar number of stores in fiscal year 2022. We have paused on store expansion activity and our remodels until situation stabilizes.  In addition, while we remain committed to returning capital to our shareholders, the current environment dictates that we halt our share repurchase program. I'll now turn the call back over to Bill. 
Bill Nash : Thank you, Enrique. Thank you, Tom. As you heard us say numerous times today, the situation is dynamic and changing quickly, sometimes by the hour and by locality. But our diverse business model and recession tested team has a long track record of prudent decision making to ensure the long-term health of the business. It will be difficult in the near term, but as Enrique mentioned, we are financially strong and we believe we are taking the appropriate measures to ensure we will withstand the current conditions and be in a favorable position when the economy and consumer rebound.  In addition, we shouldn't overlook that we came into this crisis with a rock solid foundation. We produced record vehicle sales and EPS in FY 2020 and we did this while maintaining attractive GPUs, expanding our market share and undergoing the largest transformation in our history. FY 2020 was a great year and we look forward to building on the success in the future. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. Hope everyone's doing well down there in Richmond and healthy at this point. Bill, I think everyone pretty much understands that the world changed pretty significantly in early March. And of course, you're dealing with half your stores being closed on top of what I would think is a pretty broad consumer paralysis for big ticket purchases. So, with that being said, I was hoping you might be able to provide a little bit more color quantification on what you've seen over the last few weeks, as I think that context would probably be helpful for investors. Thanks. 
Bill Nash: Sure. Thank you, Scot, for the question. Yeah, let me give you a little color first of all on the store closures. So, like I mentioned, about half are closed on limited operations currently – and I say currently because it changes by the hour, it's a very fluid situation. We have approximately 70 stores that are completely closed. We have another approximately 25 or so that are modified operations. And so, when you think about that, think about modified operations, as primarily it's appointment only. So, the consumer can't just show up at the location. All the rest of the locations are all impacted by this because of social distancing guidelines, which are set by each locality. So, for example, in some stores, you can't have more than 10 customers in the showroom at any point in time.  As far as adding a little bit more color on the sales, all of the open stores are substantially off on sales year-over-year over the last two weeks. Most of the stores that have been opened during that time, so for the last two weeks, are selling 50% or less than 50% of what they sold last year.  Now, I don't think that should be a surprise to anyone because I think, during that time period, pretty much 70% to 80% of the US have been told to stay at home. So, given that, consumer demand has been progressively going down. So, hopefully, that color adds a little bit. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Yeah, that's really helpful. And can I just clarify something that you brought up on the GPUs, the gross profit per unit pressure comment? Are we talking like a couple hundred dollars, but you're still making a positive spread? Or is this more like selling cost or even below cost because you just need to liquidate inventory and generate cash? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yeah, Scot. It's really kind of too early, because we're really talking about the last two weeks. If I go back to the Great Recession, I think during that period, we had a couple hundred dollars. This albeit is a very different – it's kind of unprecedented. So, at this point, it's really hard to tell you other than I'm sure we'll come under some pressure. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Thanks a lot, guys. Good luck. 
Bill Nash: Thanks, Scot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Armintas Sinkevicius from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Armintas Sinkevicius: Great. Thank you for taking the question. As I think about the world pre-coronavirus and post-coronavirus, we were thinking SG&A would be up year-over-year in fiscal 2021, albeit a lower magnitude than fiscal 2020 because of the omnichannel expansion. Now, you mentioned pausing capital expenditures and store openings. How should we be thinking about the expansion of omnichannel? And sometimes, it makes sense to push with the expansion because customers aren't coming into the stores. It makes sense to try to reach them in other ways that they see fit, but if you could help us think through your pace, if you've accelerated, paused, slowed down and the impact to SG&A as well. That would be helpful.
Bill Nash: Okay, sure. So, look, if we talk pre-coronavirus, as we were coming into FY 2021, I think what we had said in the past, FY 2020, we needed 5% to 8% comps. And if we had come into FY 2021, just only continue our focus on omnichannel, we felt like we could actually do a little bit better than that assuming that we weren't doing some other initiatives. And to be frank, we were planning on doing some other initiatives. So, it would have still taken probably a 5% to 8% comp to leverage for FY 2021. Obviously, we're in a different world right now. As Enrique talked about, some of the things that we're doing. I agree with you on the omnichannel expansion. We're going to continue to push forward on that. As I said, we're going to focus on some of the things that are most relevant in this environment first. And I think what might help a little bit is explain how we've been doing our rollout and how it's going to change. So, historically, when we've been rolling out omnichannel, it's been very systematic. We've got a great change management and process. We generally start the process six weeks beforehand. We go in, we train the managers, we train the associates. And then, it's a very systematic rollout as we continue to ramp up our CECs, our customer experience centers, so they can support those ways.  Obviously, the in-store training is out the window at this point, but the stores obviously have less volume, so we can focus more on training, which is why we're going to go as quickly as possible to make sure that we get, first of all, the customer self-progression. So, that's the hub online that really allows a customer to do the whole transaction or as much as they want to online ahead of time, as well as the express pickup, which in all cases, we're calling it the curbside pickup, but think about it as what we used to refer to express pickup where customer can do everything online, they can swing by the store, and previously they could take the car for the test drive, they can come in and sign any few documents that remained. We're now calling it curbside because literally they never have to come in the store. They can come, the car can be waiting there for them, really touchless. We want to make sure we get that rolled out everywhere and then we'll continue to ramp up, make sure that the CECs can support. But in the interim, you've got some stores that are going to be doing what the CECs are doing until we get that ramp up. So, we'll get everyone there. Our goal coming into this year was to finalize the rollout. We're just approaching it in a different way 
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay. So, you're not so much changing the pace of the rollout and sort of your end targets. You're more changing how you're approaching the process, it sounds like.
Bill Nash: I'd say, the pace we are changing that we're going to be putting out these two features as quickly as possible. We want to have curbside pickup in all of our locations within the next week or so. So, we are pushing some pace on some of these things. But we're going to continue to roll omni. I'm really pleased with the fact that we started this investment both in the technology and the whole omni experienced several years ago. I think given the current situation, having these alternatives for customers, albeit the volume is down low, it's going to be really important. And we see customers on a daily basis for a variety of different reasons and they need reliable transportation and we want to make sure that we give them an experience that they feel safe in transacting with us. 
Armintas Sinkevicius: Got it. Much appreciated. 
Bill Nash: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. I'm hoping to get some more color on what you're seeing in the asset-backed market. And having lived through this before, I guess, 12 or 13 years ago at this point, how would you compare and contrast what you're seeing currently versus 2008, 2009 and how much liquidity do you think you have? Obviously, sales are down. So, that kind of extends your runway. But based on your current rate of sales, how long can you kind of go before having to tap some sort of additional funding? 
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yeah. Hey, Sharon. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think the – I guess if you could call it silver lining is, at the reduced sales pace [indiscernible] on how much capital we need in order to keep funding CAF. And so, as I mentioned, I think we believe there's several months of runway there before we need to access some additional type of funding. Now, that said, you asked about the ABS market. Currently, it's disrupted. I do think that the government has taken action much quicker this time than last time around. If you remember, 2008 and 2009, we were blocked, potentially locked out from the public ABS market for over a year. And during that time, we were able for the first year to cobble together transactions with partners and lending banks to fund CAF originations through all of 2008 before TALF kicked in and then we did a couple of TALF deals.  So, it's really hard to draw conclusions on how this will compare to that. But I think we're hearing of activity and interest in the ABS markets. I'm confident that – we've been here before. The same team is working on this. We'll use every tool at our fingertips to keep things going. But we've got all the plays we did during the recession. We're looking at all those type of activities. Hopefully, it doesn't come to that. But I feel very good about us being able to continue to provide funding for our customers, like we did during the Great Recession across the credit spectrum. 
Bill Nash: Thank you, Sharon. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Brian Nagel: Good morning to everyone. First off, I hope you're all well. And also, I do want to congratulate on a very nice fourth quarter before all this mess started. So, I've got a couple of questions. I want to shove them into one.  Okay. So, first off, with regard to – Bill, you talked about some of the actions either you're taking or you may have to take with regard to valuing your inventory. The question I have there is, and I'll make sure I ask this correctly, is this more a function of – as you look at revaluing this inventory potential in the environment, is it more a function of accounting? Or is it to reprice these cars to try to move them quicker in a very dampened sales environment? So, how should we think about there, just the flow of those cars?  And then, the second question, I guess this is much more for Tom on the CAF side and as a follow-up to some of the prior questions, so as we look at this right now and you've mentioned that the securitization market is disrupted, so has CarMax so far skipped what would have been a normal securitization? And if you had, could you do a securitization right now at potentially less favorable terms. Thanks. 
Bill Nash: Hi, Brian. So, first of all, thank you for the comments on the fourth quarter. I tell you, the team here feels like that was a year ago since the fourth quarter given everything that's happened, but I do appreciate the recognition. As far as valuing inventory, I think at this point, Brian, it's more about making sure that we have the cars priced appropriately to make sure that we're moving them versus accounting at this point. Our auctions are a huge competitive advantage. We can stay on top of kind of how things are being priced, what they're going for. So, as you know, we always try to make sure we continue to move our inventory, so we can replace it with cheaper vehicles. But keep in mind, some of our stores right now are on lockdown. And so, we have some inventory sitting in some stores that we can't get access to, although that's even changing daily. So, it's more about making sure that we get the price right and moving it.  And then, you want to talk on the ABS?
Tom Reedy: Yeah. Brian, if you look at the cadence of how we've originated in the past, you probably would have expected us to be coming to market with the deal sometime this month, several weeks from now. Obviously, we're keeping a close eye on the market, not likely that we do something in the next week or two. But as I mentioned, I think we've got a good amount of runway with our current facilities. And there are a number of alternatives we have to make sure that we can be funding customers, keep credit available to them. And when the markets do open up, and we can drop a deal in there. 
Bill Nash: Hey, Brian. I think the other thing, just going back on the inventory just for a second, we're really focused on all inventory, so not just saleable, but raw and work in process, getting the overall number down, not only to keep the inventory flowing and to get it to the right level. But keep in mind, because we own all that inventory, that's also additional cash flow that comes in. So, I think that's an important piece to remember as well. 
Brian Nagel: Thanks, guys. Appreciate all the color. 
Bill Nash: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Murphy from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. It's very good to hear from you guys. And thank you for all the very helpful disclosure. It's actually really helpful. Just a question as we think about the ABS market potentially falling and just sort of your understanding of how TALF 2.0 is going to work and how much that will break the logjam because it sounds like it's going to be very powerful.  And then, sort of just the follow-up to that ahead of time is, when you think about the existing pools out there for CAF, how do the defaults, but importantly, the waivers work on monthly payments because I would imagine that might trigger something in the existing ABS pool? And are you getting waivers inside those pools to have consumers skipping payments? How does that mechanically work? And does that create any issues for you? 
Bill Nash: Okay, I'll hit both of those for you. I'll try my best. Now, as far as TALF, I'm hoping that – we're hopeful that that's not what it comes to. That was a great tool back in 2009 to free up markets that had been seized up for a long time. It's a, frankly, a great deal for investors that are interested put enough capital. You can look at how it works. We don't know all the details yet, but we'd expect to be very similar to what was rolled out in 2009. So, it does create liquidity, but it is a cumbersome process both for investors and for issuers. It's not an easy transaction. But to the extent that the markets remain locked up, it was something that definitely was a remedy back in 2009. Like I said, we're hopeful that we don't need to go there. We have other alternatives that we can embrace as a bridge if we need to.  As far as the various pools and the activity with extensions, those tools really don't have – as you know, they're non-recourse deals and they're structured based on the cash flows of the various pools receivable. And they pay down CAF's – the receivables are paid off. So, to the extent that we have extensions, what that means is that you're going to have a delay in the pay down of the loans. But the pools are structured, so that they go lockstep with the actual amortization. There's no debt amortization schedule on the deal.  So, from the perspective of public deals, they're out there. We've got the initial capital invested in them. And obviously, we're very intent on making sure that we maximize the residual coming off of it because that represents CAF income, but they're structured to stand on their own and play out of course as the cash flows come in. 
John Murphy: So, there's no triggers or any risk whatsoever if defaults or payments are waiting for a period of time at all. The risk at the end of the day is that we don't collect our residual cash flow to the extent we initially intended. But there could potentially be some reputational risk if you have pools that don't perform. But as I mentioned earlier, it's non-recourse and there's nothing that we'd have to come out of pocket or do to save them.  Now, the reputational risk, I think is a little bit kind of moot because CarMax will not be the only person in this boat, to the extent that automobile ABS deals start to get compromised. And if you remember back to the Great Recession, we saw significant step ups in losses. And we didn't see any deals fail. Everyone got paid including us. 
John Murphy: Okay, great. Thank you very much, guys. And good luck with everything going on here. Thank you. 
Bill Nash: Thanks, John. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Montani from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Michael Montani: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted to ask, first off, if you can remind us back in 2008, 2009, how high did bad debt expense get in relation to the overall size of the book, maybe if you can remind us of that. And then, the follow on was just for CapEx as well as fixed versus variable in SG&A, so what should we look at for CapEx this year, assuming it can't just go to zero because probably some has already committed. And then, secondly, fixed versus variable in SG&A, how much potential reduction could you do and what's the timeline to do those kind of reductions given the unprecedented environment? 
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Good morning. This is Enrique. So, let me start with a CapEx question. So, historically, we've spent about $350 million in CapEx annually. And given the current environment, we're not prepared or in a position really to give guidance, but I can give you some color. So, a couple of things. We've put a pause on the majority of our capital expenditures from new stores. We've paused our new store expansion. We've paused our remodels. And we've really paused work that is not currently essential from a CapEx standpoint. So, if it's essential, we're doing it. If it's not, we're on pause currently. So, in terms of providing guidance on CapEx, we're not in a position currently to do that, given the limited visibility. As visibility grows and we'll be in a better position to do that.  In terms of expenses, we really are managing to the current state of business. So, for example, we have a hiring freeze in place. We've been cutting advertising. We're adjusting labor hours, we're really at this point evaluating every and all expense and spend.  In terms of fixed versus variable, the way we've looked at our business historically has been about 75% fixed, 25% variable. However, what I'd say is that in this current state, everything is on the table. So, you can take a look at the fixed bucket and say, well, we're looking at that as well. So, let me give you some color around that. So, marketing historically has been viewed as a fixed cost, while we're currently taking a look at the spend there to make sure we're matching the current business environment as well. 
Bill Nash: And by the way, the only thing for – I'll let Tom talk about the ABS. On the CapEx, if you go back to 2008 and 2009, I believe, we ran about $20 million on kind of maintenance capital. So, obviously, we had less stores down there, but that kind of gives you an idea that we can take that number down substantially, although to Enrique's point, we're not going to really provide guidance at this point.  And then, can you repeat your question…?
Tom Reedy: Michael, were you asking about how the loss has trended in the pool during the Great Recession?
Michael Montani: Yeah. And I'm sorry if I'm missing this, but you guys I know had done a change in the accounting from kind of gain on sale. And I just wanted to make sure kind of we all had the benefit of incremental color around how the book performed during that time, in particular with losses. 
Tom Reedy: Sure, yeah. If you look at the pools that originated leading up to the Great Recession, we saw losses roughly double from where they – we tend to target – we typically target 2.25% to 2.5% loss experience over the life of the loans. We saw some of those pools roughly double during the Great Recession. As I mentioned, all the deals remain intact and everyone received cash, including ourselves, throughout that period.  The other thing I guess I'd point out is, immediately following that period, and I'm not making any predictions now or how long the period might be, the pools that we originated immediately following that disruption were some of the best performing from a loss perspective that we've had. 
Michael Montani: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. 
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot. And good morning. My first question is just in terms of the warehouse availability today. You mentioned $1.3 billion end of February, but where are you today on that? 
Bill Nash: We're a couple of weeks lower than that. But as I said, I think we're still comfortable that we have good runway on it. As I mentioned, several months. 
Seth Basham: Okay. And if you were to sell a loan today in the marketplace and some sort of other transaction besides the ABS market, do you think you'd be able to sell those at a premium?  That would be speculation, but my gut would be that, yes, I think – I look at the kind of the cast of characters, the things that we did back when capital was constraint during the recession. All of them were less attractive than our than our plan A, which is originating and going into the ABS market and keeping all of the upside. Anytime, you start getting into hold on sales or partner type of transactions, people want a share of the returns, so they're going to be a little bit less attractive economically. But that's something we'll consider as we balance our options going forward. 
Seth Basham: Got it. And then, my follow-up is just around the cash burn today. If you could give us a sense more quantitatively about how much cash you're burning on a weekly basis, that would be really helpful. 
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yeah. As we said in our prepared remarks, we are in a financially strong footing. We have a very strong balance sheet. We have solid liquidity. And we feel confident that we are actually taking the necessary steps in this kind of environment in terms of pulling out cash, pulling out costs. We're not exactly sure how long the current situation will last. But we are striving to put ourselves in a position to come out of this in a financially healthy environment – situation, sorry. 
Seth Basham: Very good. Thank you. Good luck. 
Bill Nash: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison from Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning. And thanks for taking my question as well. Many have been addressed already. But could you please characterize used car prices since the outbreak? And then, as an unrelated question, just comment on the strategy behind the Edmunds investment. I know it's not a virus topic, but still curious about that. 
Bill Nash: Sure. So, on the first question on kind of the depreciation, it's interesting, if you look at some of the NAAA data, it was fairly – from January through February, it was fairly strong, more from an appreciation standpoint. So, we saw vehicles normally rising at this time of year and it was fairly strong. You get into the middle of March, and what we saw was a very sharp decline. And back in 2008 and 2009, we saw a very big decline throughout that whole year where there was a concentrated decrease from like August to November of 2008. I think this, what we've seen in the beginning of February, the middle of February and later, has been a very precipitous decline like that. Now, we don't know how long it'll go on. And again, as I said earlier, depends on store closures and that kind of thing. But it was a sharp decline starting from about the middle of the month.  As far as Edmunds goes, you know that we've been focused with – the whole omnichannel, we've been focused on engaging with our customers, shopping, letting them shop online, and really giving them more control and independence. And part of that is making sure we have expert advice and guidance. And Edmunds is a very trusted, unbiased resource. They have lots of extensive automotive editorial and research data. And they've also been investing a lot over the last couple of years in digital innovations, and it aligns with our continued focus on enhancing the customer experience online. So, we feel like there's lots of synergies between the two companies. We've already tapped into and working with them on some content and putting that on our car landing pages, but we think there's lots of opportunities that will benefit both companies. And as we progress in the partnership, we'll have more to talk about at a future point. 
Seth Basham: Thank you. 
Bill Nash: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Nelson from Stephens. Please go ahead. 
RickNelson: Thanks. I'm curious, you push online and curbside pickup into those stores over the near term, will that allow you to open those stores that are currently closed and reduce inventory at a quicker pace? 
Bill Nash: Yeah, it's a good question, Rick. So, what we're seeing currently, generally what happens is a mandate will come down, everyone needs to close. And we immediately – we closed because a lot of times the mandates aren't exactly clear as it pertains to us. Most localities that close have carved out automotive service and sales, but many of them have stipulations. So, for example, you can open – you should be open, but you should only allow appointment only. We do think that with the curbside and the push to online, it's going to make it very much easier to work the appointment only type of locality. So, we're encouraged by that. And to your point, if you can get those locations up and at least somewhat productive, it helps from an inventory standpoint. 
RickNelson: Just a follow-up, [indiscernible] auction side as you push virtual, do you think those auctions that are closed can open up? 
Bill Nash: Yes. So, again, just like the stores, you have a couple of different situations. You have some auction locations like the stores that are completely closed down and the localities haven't even made it available to get the inventory out. You have other locations where you can get the inventory out. And when we're able to, we do that. We'll move it to another location where we will do an online sale. So, I think that's one of the reasons why we're pushing. We've talked about in the past testing simulcast, testing online. And this has just positioned very well to move very quickly on this to make sure that we can continue to liquidate inventory as well as understand what's going on in the marketplace. So, the onlines will help us to get those vehicles sold even if the store locations are closed. 
RickNelson: Thanks. 
Bill Nash: Thanks, Rick.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Glynn from Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead. 
Derek Glynn: Yes, hi. Good morning I hope you all are well. 
Bill Nash: Good morning, Derek.
Derek Glynn: How do you think the used to new value equal will evolve for the consumer in the context of this economic shock? And also, in an ultimate recovery, would you expect to see a notable shift in demand from new to used similar to what we've seen in past downturns? Did you feel this is a completely different type of downturn that may throw off that relationship we've seen historically? 
Bill Nash: Yeah, Derek. I tell you it's a tough question. Coming in from the fourth quarter, what we saw was the new to used spread widen. So, I think that was a little bit of a tailwind for late model used vehicles. I think in this current environment, I've seen some numbers projections on SARS. It's going to be down dramatically, I think, for this year, given some of the numbers that are coming out from the manufacturers. I think part of it's going to depend on what the manufacturers do from an incentive standpoint as the consumer start to rebound. But as I've always said, the wholesale market is very quick to self-adjust. So, if used car prices come down because of incentives, an increase in incentives, that will ripple into the wholesale market and the wholesale markets will adjust quickly, which is another reason why you want to manage your inventory very quickly. 
Derek Glynn: Okay, got it. And then, apologies if I missed this, but can you remind us of any relevant covenants we should keep in mind, particularly around maximum leverage ratios and how you're thinking about that? 
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yeah, we have two main covenants. We have a leverage ratio covenant and we have a fixed charge coverage covenant. And those are calculated on a 12-month look-back basis. So, as you know, from our year-end report, we had a very strong past 12 months. So, we have a lot of cushion there. In fact, we could double the performance of those two ratios and still be well within the cushion. 
Derek Glynn: Got it. Thank you, guys. Best of luck. 
Bill Nash: Thank you, Derek. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Brian Nagel: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow-up questions. So, I just want to understand, for this discussion again, just the flow of inventory here. As far as acquisition goes, are the auctions open now and is CarMax in those auctions buying cars? It sounds like from your prepared comments, you're still where possible taking trade-ins. So, I guess, the bigger question there is just the auction.  Then the second question I have, and I know this is more of a touchy feely type question, but given that CarMax is now much more digitally focused, much more omnichannel and you have a better reading of your customers, is there any way to look out and say makes a ton of sense right now that the consumers in this sort of state of paralysis, but is there still – is there a way to measure kind of the underlying – the true underlying demand for cars? Are consumers still looking for cars to maybe help us gauge how demand will look once this hopefully temporary shock passes? 
Bill Nash: Okay, Brian. So, first question, are the auctions still open? Right now, the two major auction players, ADESA, Manheim. ADESA is closed right now for the time being. So, there are no sales happening. Manheim is still open, but everything is virtual. Your question, are we still out there buying? Yes, we're still out there buying, albeit at a very reduced rate, obviously, because of consumer demand. Yes, we still have our appraisal lane open in the stores that are open for the reasons that I said earlier. There are customers who just need to get cash and get out of their car. So, we want to make sure that we're there for that.  As far as the omni focus and kind of consumer demand, every day, I'm in touch with the stores. And every day, I hear stories about who's coming into the stores right now. And so, the folks that are coming into the stores and buying cars today are the ones that absolutely have to have cars. Just to bring it to life a little bit, you have medical providers that need to make sure that they can get to work. We've seen customers come in who have lost their jobs and need to downsize their car, and so they're selling a car and then downsizing the car, or they're just selling their car to get cash. You see customers that have relied on ride sharing that no longer feel comfortable there and they want to buy a vehicle. So, the consumers that are in there today are ones that need a vehicle. You're not having consumers come in who would like to have the vehicle at this point. And I think that's similar to what we saw back in 2008 or 20090. I think as far as the demand going forward, it really is going to depend on a couple of things. I think, one, how quickly the country – how we can get our arms around the virus is the first and foremost. And then, even after that, I'm sure you've seen some unemployment numbers. Consumer confidence obviously is taking a hit with so many folks that are unemployed. So, it's really hard to understand what the demand is going to be once we come out of this and how long it will take for business to get back to normal. Again, it's just the reason why I'm really glad that we have invested in the technology and we have invested in the omni experience to make sure that the customers that are out there that are looking for a vehicle, we can meet them on their terms and give them the experience that they are looking for, which I think that will help us to continue to gain market share regardless of the economic cycle. 
Derek Glynn: Thanks for the color again. 
Bill Nash: Sure. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Montani from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Derek Glynn: Hey, thanks for taking the follow-up. Just wanted to ask about some of the initial experiences from the CECs, what you all have been able to learn there, how that process is going. And then, related question is on remote appraisals, kind of where we stand in that process. Just trying to look ahead here and see if there's some things that you're doing now that, incrementally, would benefit you on the other side of all this? 
Bill Nash: Yeah, absolutely. I think both of those are – we're going to continue making progress on both of those. As far as the CECs, we're very pleased with the fact that we now have five customer experience centers that are stood up at this point. They're helping the stores through this. It still remains one of those things that we feel like there is a lot of upside as we continue to train those associates, as we continue to leverage technology, they're getting better and better at what they do. So, we think we'll continue to make sure we work on the effectiveness. Up to this point, it's really been about kind of rollout and stabilization of the CECs. Now, we're really moving into the phase of optimization of the CECs and really leveraging them to make this a better cost alternative than even the traditional format. As far as the remote appraisals, obviously, as we roll omni everywhere, you will have the option to have an appraisal done online. We at this point have pulled just the appraisal only pieces that are in non-omni markets, but it's one that we continue – we'll continue to work on and that will be a solution that we'll have in all markets, whether you buy a car from us or not, but it is one that we're continuing to fine tune. 
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I will now turn the call back to Bill Nash for any closing remarks. 
Bill Nash : Well, listen, thank you all for your questions today and your continued support of CarMax. I do have just a couple thoughts before we leave. One, I want to reiterate that similar to other challenging times, it will be difficult in the short term, but we have the expertise. We have the resources, the liquidity, the financial stability, and the partners in place to withstand the current environment and be well positioned to when the economy and the consumer rebound. As I think about the leadership and the associates that we have in the field, this is a crisis tested team and I'd rather not have anybody else than the team that we have today to work through this. So, I'm very encouraged by that.  And I can't say enough about how appreciative I am for everything that our associates are doing to take care of themselves, take care of the customers and the communities. And to our associates, I would just – I want to tell them that the concern that you demonstrate to each other and our customers, that's core to our values. And I'm incredibly proud to be a part of this team.  I know it's not easy. I know it's a challenging time for all of us. It's a challenging time for the nation. But I also know that we're going to come through this better and stronger than ever. So, again, thank you for your time today. I hope everyone stays healthy. And we'll talk again next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2019-12-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2020 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Stacy Frole, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Stacy Frole: Thank you, Carol. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2020 third quarter earnings conference call. I am here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President of Finance; and Enrique Mayor-Mora, our Senior Vice President and CFO. Let me remind you, our statements today regarding the Company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information or on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2019 filed with the SEC. Should you have any follow-up questions after the call, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations department at 804-747-0422 extension 7865. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Thank you, Stacy, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I want to take a moment to personally congratulate Enrique on his recent promotion to CFO. Enrique and I’ve worked together for many years, and he’s made a lot of great contributions during this time. I also want to thank Tom for serving as our CFO for the past nine years. I’ll look forward to continuing to work with him as he shifts his focus to our strategic initiatives, in addition to continuing to oversee all the finance. For today, I’ll start with our third quarter highlights before turning the call over to Enrique, who will discuss our financials in more detail. Tom will then provide additional color around customer financing. And I’ll wrap up with an update on our omni-channel experience before opening it up for your questions. As you read in earnings release, we delivered a strong sales performance this quarter with revenues up 11.5% on a 7.5% increase in used unit comps and 11% increase in total used units sold. Net income and EPS for the quarter were down 9% and 4.6%, respectively. This is largely the result of significantly higher stock-based compensation due to an increasing share price during the quarter, combined with a planned increase in third quarter expense due to the timing of advertising. As a reminder, volatility in stock-based compensation expense is driven by restricted stock units that are awarded broadly to our non-executive associates. Enrique will provide additional details on these items shortly. Keep in mind, despite these third quarter cost headwinds, year-to-date comps were up 6.7%, EPS is up 10.1%, earnings are up 3.6%. And while we have delevered SG&A by $37 per unit, this includes $42 per unit of stock-based compensation. We attribute our sales growth to a variety of factors including solid execution in operations, finance, customer progression and marketing in addition to an overall favorable used car sales environment. Web traffic increased 15% year-over-year as we continue to benefit from our various marketing efforts. During the third quarter, our markets offering an omni-channel experience had slightly stronger comp sales in our non-omni markets. The strong performance in both was supported by many of our omni-related digital initiatives that have been rolled out nationally. This includes improved customer lead management tools, finance self-service tools and digital merchandising. And we believe all stores benefited from our national marketing campaign launched in October, which reinforces the strength of our brand. For the quarter, gross profit per used unit was $2,145, up slightly when compared with the prior year. Our teams have done an exceptional job in continuing to drive efficiencies, allowing us to maintain margins while offering competitive prices. Wholesale unit sales were also higher this quarter with volume up 3.3% year-over-year. The increase in wholesale volume was slightly offset by a small decrease in gross profit per wholesale unit due to heavier depreciation at auctions since the beginning of the third quarter. As a percentage of sales, zero to four-year old vehicles was 77%, similar to last year. Total SUVs and trucks accounted for about 49% of sales, up from 45% last year. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Enrique to provide more information on the third quarter financial performance.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. For the quarter, other gross profit decreased slightly. EPP profits grew by $11 million with 13.3% due to the combined effects of strong used volume growth and increased margin. Like the prior year, we did not recognize any additional EPP profit sharing revenue. This increase was offset by an $11 million decline in service department profits for the quarter versus a year ago. The decrease in service profits was largely due to three factors. First, we increased our post sale warranty period from 30 to 90 days back in May. We view this as an investment in providing a better customer experience. Second, we experienced near-term inefficiencies due to a sharp ramp in technician hiring support future sales growth. And finally, a portion of stock-based compensation runs through the service department. On the SG&A front, expenses for the quarter increased $75 million to $485 million. SG&A deleveraged by $157 per unit. A material component of this growth and the resulting deleverage was driven by stock-based compensation. $11 million or 25% of the overall year-over-year growth in SG&A on the quarter was due to the 17% increase in our share price for the quarter versus a 15% decrease in the prior year period. This resulted in a $94 per unit deleverage to SG&A and represents $0.09 of EPS. We also had a planned increase of $14 million or 39% in advertising costs for the new ad campaign and the rollout of our omni-channel experience that Bill mentioned earlier. This spend on the quarter brings our year-to-date advertising expense per unit to $225. On a year-to-date basis, this is slightly higher than last year and consistent with our earlier communications that our intention is to spend slightly more per unit for the full year. Other notable expense drivers included the opening of 19 stores since the beginning of the third quarter last year which represents a 10% growth in our store base. Higher variable costs associated with our strong sales growth and continued spending to advance our technology platforms, digital initiatives and our omni-channel roll out. During this period of investment, we continue to believe comps in the range of 5% to 8% will be needed to leverage SG&A on an annual basis. As part of our expansion strategy, we opened four stores in the third quarter, two in new markets, Palm Springs, California and Gulfport, Mississippi, and two in existing markets, Dallas and Atlanta. Over the next 12 months, we anticipate opening 11 more stores. Earlier this month, we also opened our Phoenix Customer Experience Center or CEC. We continue to enhance shareholder returns through our repurchase program. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares for $115 million. This program has contributed to our 10% year-to-date EPS growth that Bill mentioned earlier. We have $1.67 billion remaining in our current authorizations.  Now, I’ll turn the call over to Tom to discuss customer financing.
Tom Reedy: Thank, Enrique, and good morning, everybody. CarMax Auto Finance and our partner lenders continued to deliver solid results with CAF income growth and strong conversion in Tier 2 and Tier 3. During the quarter, we saw modest growth in application volume and strong performance across all credit tiers. Tier 2 accounted for 20.4% for used unit sales compared with 18.3% last year. Tier 3 was up slightly to 9.5% compared with 9.3% a year ago, and CAF penetration net of three-day payoffs was 43.3% versus 44.1% in last year's third quarter. Year-over-year, CAF's net loans originated grew by 13% to $1.7 billion as the increase in used cars sold and the average amount financed was somewhat offset by the decrease in CAF’s net penetration rate. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 8.1%, down from 8.5% a year ago and 8.6% in the second quarter. Portfolio interest margin increased to 5.7% versus 5.6% in Q3 last year. CAF income was up 3.9% to $114 million, primarily driven by the 7.5% growth in average managed receivables and a small increase in interest margin, offset by an increase in the loss provision as a percent of average receivables. The provision for loan losses was $49 million in Q3 versus $40.8 million in the prior year period. The increase arises from portfolio growth and a modestly higher allowance based on loss experience we began to see earlier this year. At $153.6 million the allowance represents 1.15% of ending managed receivables, up slightly from 1.12% a year ago and comparable to the second quarter. This remains well within our range of expectations, given our origination strategy and portfolio mix. Before I turn the call over, I will touch on the impending Current Expected Credit Loss accounting standard, which is commonly referred to as CECL. CECL will be effective for us at the start of our fiscal 2021 and a number of you have inquired about it. This is a non-cash accounting change and won't impact our previously disclosed cumulative net loss expectations. The most significant element of the new standard is that it requires companies to reserve for the expected lifetime losses, whereas currently we reserve for the following 12 months. As a result of the adoption, we will increase our allowance for loan losses by $200 million to $250 million. This is based on information as of November 30, 2019 and the adjustment will flow through retained earnings. Post adoption, CECL could also create more volatility in the quarterly provision for loan losses as any true-ups will be projected over the life of the portfolio versus the 12 months we're currently estimating. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thanks Tom and Enrique. Now, I'll provide an update on the rollout of our omni-channel experience, and how we are continuing to innovate and improve the business for the future. First, the numbers. We now have four CECs that we continue to staff, Raleigh, Atlanta, Kansas City and our newest in Phoenix, which opened earlier this month. Approximately 40% of our customer base currently has access to our omni-channel experience, and we are on track to reach the majority of our customers by the end of this fiscal year in February. We plan to complete the rollout in the next fiscal year. ESP penetration in our omni markets is slightly lower than our overall penetration, which is a little above 60%. We have not seen a material change in finance penetration or mix with the rollout of omni. We are pleased to achieve 7.5% comps while at the same time, implementing the largest transformation in the Company's history. While we continue to run some inefficiencies in both our CECs and stores, we are confident we will be able to improve productivity as we roll out and mature the new experience. We also still believe our unique omni-channel experience will be more cost efficient than our current model. We've already begun to drive cost efficiencies in our Atlanta CEC quarter-over-quarter. We are also excited about the opportunities ahead as we continue to improve our customer offerings. Two key areas where we see opportunity are our Customer Relationship Management or CRM platform and our new delivery options. Our CRM platform enhances the experience for both our customers and our associates. It provides associates with valuable insights and data about our customers that allow us to better personalize their experience. It provides customers with the access to our customer hub. This hub makes it easier for customers and our sales associates to have full visibility to the status of their journey and to continue to progress further, while either online or in store. We also see tremendous opportunity with our express pickup and home delivery offerings. Our conversion rate on these sales is very high and the customer experience these delivery options is extremely well received. While combined they still represent less than 10% of sales in eligible markets, these offerings steadily increased throughout the quarter. Going forward, we expect more customers will take advantage of these delivery offers -- options as we expand our omni-channel experience into new markets and increase customer awareness through various marketing channels. Our associates are doing an amazing job and structuring and delivering a systematic yet aggressive rollout of the new omni experience, an experience that personalizes each customer's journey whether in person, online, by phone or a seamless combination of channels. Our ability to leverage the infrastructure, analytics and processes we have built over the last 26 years and continue to improve with state-of-the-art technologies and new digital capabilities is a significant competitive advantage, an advantage that when combined with our ongoing store expansion, positions us well to continue to lead the industry, profitably grow sales and gain market share. I'm extremely proud of our associates and all of their accomplishments and we're all excited about the future. With that, we'll be glad to take your questions.
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys, and happy holidays to you.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Can you guys talk about the change that you had in your service policy, specifically what caused you to make that change, the 30 to 90 days? And was there any financial catchup in the quarter or is this more of a reset that will continue for the next few quarters?
Bill Nash: Sure, Scot. So, for the longest time we had a 30-day limited warranty program. And as Enrique said, we changed that over in May to 90 days, and we feel like that's best for the customer experience. So, what you're seeing is that it’s -- now that it's everywhere, it's been in place since May, it's this -- from an expense standpoint, it's a couple of dollars per unit that's a little bit of additional headwind.
Scot Ciccarelli: And so, we should expect, let's call it, similar effect to that service department revenue for the next three quarters, let's call it?
Bill Nash: Well, keep in mind, when Enrique was talking about the service profits, there is really three different buckets that are going in there. Part of it was the shift from 30 days to 90 days, and of that, I would say that's about a third of the overall change, another third was stock-based compensation and the other third of the staffing inefficiencies that we see, because we're ramping up our technicians. And as we ramp up technicians, until we get a critical mass, it's hard to turn on new shifts. So, each one of them make up about a third. And on the 30 to 90-day warranty, of that third, about half of it is a little step up on a per unit basis of the expense. We also had in that third a mix shift, where we did more 90-day warranty work in retail service work.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. And just for clarification purposes, the 90 days, does that basically put you at par with the CPO -- most CPO programs that are out there?
Bill Nash: I'm not sure about the CPO program, Scot. I would have to go and look at that. I think that we feel like 90 days is certainly best-in-class for used cars.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. All right. Thanks, guys.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: That's a program that will anniversary itself in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, as we rolled it out in May of this past year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: So first off, Enrique and Tom, congratulations on your new roles.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Thank you.
Tom Reedy: Thanks.
Brian Nagel: So, the question I want to ask, I guess, my first question, really just from a bigger picture perspective. Clearly, the business has turned much healthier here lately with used car unit comps in this quarter tracking at over 7%. So, Bill, as we look at this, as we look at the improved trajectory in used car unit comps, how should we think about -- and maybe you could help us understand better the split, so to say, between -- the data we're looking at suggests the overall environment has gotten better, maybe with some help from used car pricing other factors. But, you also clearly have a number of initiatives taking place at CarMax, a lot of these tied to the omni-channel. So, how much of this strengthening used car unit comps is internal versus external? And if you look at maybe the internal side, what should we think as the kind of the bigger drivers of all that you're doing?
Bill Nash: Yes. That's a great question, Brian. As I noted earlier, it is part of great execution. It's also some favorable environment. When I think about the favorable environment, obviously, favorable access to credit -- new car prices at an absolute level are still high, although in the quarter, we seem to see a little bit of narrowing of the new to used car gap, but the absolute prices of new cars are still high. You've got low unemployment, you've got good consumer confidence, inventory build that I said. You’ve got those external factors. But, I also salute a lot of the internal factors, especially from an execution standpoint, when you look at buying -- acquiring the right car at the right price, especially in a time where we saw depreciation that we would normally see in this time of year. Our operations teams continue to find efficiencies in ways that we can pass along to the customers. The customer progression, both in-store and online, we've made great strides there, moving customers along, online in our CECs, we've got new tools that we started to roll out to help our new associates there. CAF executed well, supporting sales, driving CAF margins and still offering great customer offers, we've got the marketing campaign that launched. And as we look at it, there is no one factor that's the majority of that comp growth. I really do feel, we really believe that it's a combination of all those factors.
Brian Nagel: Got it. It's very, very helpful. Then, my follow-up -- my related follow-up question, just with regard to the marketing expense you called out here in Q3, which was somewhat of a headwind to earnings. How is the new marketing campaign -- or how should we look at the new marketing campaign as an enhancement to what the changes you've already made to marketing, over the past few quarters?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think, periodically we rework our marketing. This was a big change. We have a new outside agency, between the outside agency and our internal team, I think they've done a great job really bring it to life, not only our brand, but also the omni-channel experience in those markets. So, as you've seen in the past, when we go with the new marketing campaign, if you look at the last one with Andy Daly, we run that for a while, we build off of that. I would think that this marketing campaign, the same type thing will continue to build off of the strength of this. And as we go forward, you will just continue to see this new campaign versus running ads on all campaigns. In the third quarter, I've talked about this on previous calls, in the first and second, we knew that we were going to be heavy on the backside of the year. We ran light on advertising as a matter of fact. Through the second quarter year-to-date on a per unit basis, we were spending less than what we spent last year on an annual basis. And I've said all along, we're going to spend a little bit more to also help market our omni-channel experience. And I think, as you look at where we are now year-to-date, Enrique cited earlier, we're about $225 per unit, slightly above last year. And I think that's a good proxy. We will be slightly above where we finished the year last year. We still expect that's where we will come in, on a per unit basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good morning. Question on SG&A. There's obviously a lot of moving parts in there this quarter. And, I appreciate the commentary on the 5% to 8% to leverage comps, I guess, going forward. Can you talk about whether that 5% to 8% would be applicable for the fourth quarter? And then, as we go into fiscal 2021, I know there is still continued investments in omni-channel, but does that start to abate somewhat in terms of the incremental spending and in efficiencies that you're seeing?
Bill Nash: Yes. Enrique will take the first part. I'll take the second part.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. On a quarterly basis, there is so much -- there can be so much variability that when we refer to the 5% to 8%, it's on a longer annual basis. If you take a look at this quarter between stock-based comp and between the advertising timing, that alone caused us to deleverage. So, within any particular quarter, it's difficult to say. But certainly on an annual basis, that is our expectation.
Bill Nash: Yes. And Sharon on the second part of your question about what you should expect to see in the New Year. I've said earlier in previous calls, last year was a step-up year. We expected this year to be another step-up year. Next year, we expect it to be a continued step-up year but less to a degree than what you've seen from a growth percent, less so than what you saw this year or last year. And of course, we'll provide some more direction in our fourth quarter call when we're back here, then.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Murphy from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. I just wanted to follow-up on one of the comments you made on the call. The development of the CRM system and making it more advanced, so there's more data available to your sales team. And I'm just curious, is there an intention to maybe go more proactively and market sales directly to individual consumers to drive same-store sales, as you're developing that CRM system, or is this more just as people come in and inquire about vehicles, you just have more information to help out the process? It just seems like there may be an opportunity here to get more directed advertising going.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think, when I think about the CRM, the CRM is more of a tool to help our associates, whether they're in the customer experience center or in the store. I think, the beauty of the CRM is we collect data and we can analyze data. We can do what we call smart routing to make sure that we handle those leads -- how we handle those and who handles those leads, we're becoming much more savvy of that, which is one of the areas that I'm excited about as we go forward, continuing to pick up efficiencies. As far as being able to directly target more customers, we've already shifted that way. When you think about our total advertising spend, probably half of it is more on a digital advertising, which is much more pinpointed than what I would call traditional advertising, which is more of the broadcast TV, radio type of stuff. I do think that the data that we're collecting from the CRM can assist us in helping to target future customers, but I kind of think about them in different buckets, if that makes sense.
John Murphy: Okay. And then just one follow-up on the express pickup and in-home delivery. You said a little bit less than 10% in the eligible market. So, it sounds like it’s somewhere between 5% to 10%. I mean, would you call those folks that are doing the express pickup and in-home delivery incremental consumers or buyers in your stores or is there some kind of cannibalization? Just trying to understand what's incremental and what's cannibalized?
Bill Nash: Yes. At this point, I would say, it's probably both. And when I look at those two, we're doing more express pickups than we are home deliveries, at this point. It's interesting because sometimes we'll have customers that think that they want to be home delivery and then they start working through the process and they realize, you know, I'd like to come in and test drive a couple of cars, and so they convert over to in-store. The express pickup, just as a reminder, that allows a customer really do everything online and still come into the store, get their keys, if they want to take the car for a test drive, maybe learn about the options that we can have them out in less than 30 minutes. So, I see both those -- as I said earlier, I see both of those as continuing to grow as we mature the experience and also as we highlight the mix -- the experience in our marketing efforts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Armintas Sinkevicius from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Great. Thank you for taking the question. 7.5% same-store sales growth year-over-year, that's quite a strong number. How do we think about how much of that comes from a favorable used car sales environment versus how much of that comes from the omni-channel rollout? Any way you can help us contextualize that that would be very much helpful.
Bill Nash: Yes. As I said earlier, there is a lot of different factors. I don't think any one of those factors is the majority. So, I don't think necessarily the favorable environment is a majority when you add all those things I talked about earlier. I think, a lot of these execution things that we highlighted, I think, the -- especially the digital initiatives improvements that we've made as part of omni and rolled that out to the other locations that don't have omni, I don't think -- we don't believe any one of them lines up and has the majority of that lift. It's really a combination of all of them.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay. And when you talk about lift, does that mean versus the comp a year ago or just the 7.5% number itself?
Bill Nash: When I think about that 7.5% number and what contributes to that performance, that's what I'm saying, I don't think -- we don't believe in any one of those items is the majority of that 7.5%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Kennison from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, first, I want to tell you that my daughter contributed to your comp this quarter. We had a great experience. So, thank you for that.
Bill Nash: That's great. Thank you, Craig.
Craig Kennison: Yes. It was a good experience. We didn't get to do the internet omni-channel experience yet, but I'm sure that will come. The question I had was on your recon business or your recon work. You always seem to drive cost out of the reconditioning process. Has that trend continued? And as a follow-up, is it still your policy mostly to return that to the consumer rather than trap some of that in the gross profit line?
Bill Nash: Yes. Craig, to answer your question on giving it back to customer, yes, at this point, we like passing that along to the customer. It helps make the prices as competitive as possible. The reconditioning, we continue to look for efficiencies there. I would say the area that we're seeing a little bit more improvement on is more of the procurement. So, think about parts, that kind of thing, we've equipped our associates in the field with certain tools that allow them to buy the right part at the right time, at the right expense. I would also tell you picking up some efficiencies in our transportation, as we move more vehicles with our internal and dedicated fleets, that helps as well. And then, of course, I always put an emphasis on our buying, because that's really when you think about price competitiveness. It really starts with where you purchased the cars. And I think, the buyers have helped to make sure that we are buying them at the right price and the right time. The other thing I would just say is that, not only does it help us be competitive on prices all those savings, but it also helps us manage our margin and keep that stable as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Nelson from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Rick Nelson: So, the New York Fed this week pointed to a higher rejection rate for auto loans. I'm curious, if you see any need for tightening of CAF? I did notice a shift toward the Tier 2 and Tier 3 finance providers away from CAF?
Bill Nash: Rick, could you just repeat the first part of your question, please?
Rick Nelson: So, the New York Fed this week, they had a report out that pointed to higher rejection rate on auto loans. And I'm curious, if you need to tighten CAF?
Tom Reedy: No. I think, as I mentioned, we've seen real strong performance from both our partner lenders who are originating in our system, which is as Bill mentioned, providing a little bit of a lift year-over-year. And in CAF, we saw losses tick up a little bit earlier in the year and our increased provision this quarter kind of reflects that's just going at that run rate that we've been experiencing in all year versus a little bit more favorable environment last year. But, we've seen no need to adjust our credit appetite. We're still generating portfolio that we're very comfortable with and happy with the business.
Rick Nelson: Also, on the GPU front, another solid quarter. You talked about gaining leverage from omni-channel? Is your intent, Bill, to pass those -- that leverage on to the customer to drive more volume or does that spend...
Bill Nash: Yes. Right now, the leverage that I referred to on the call was we started to see one of our -- the oldest customer experience in Atlanta, customer experience, we started to see some cost leverage there. And that would really show up more in the SG&A line versus the GPU or passing along to the customer in the form of the price. So, you'll see that show up in SG&A savings.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Glynn from Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Derek Glynn: Good morning. Thanks for taking our question. We had a follow-up on the home delivery attach rate at a little less than 10% of sales in omni-channel markets. Where do you think that steady state number is? What percent of your overall sales do you think home delivery can be in the long run?
Bill Nash: Well, just for clarification, Derek. The 10% that I cited is both home delivery and express pickup. And express pickup is home delivery. So, it’s higher than home delivery. So, both are still, if you take each one individually, very small percent of our overall sales. But, as far as where I think it can go, to be honest with you, I don't know. But, to be honest, it doesn't really matter to us because we're there to support the customer and give them the experience they want. So, if more want home delivery, great, we’ll be able to satisfy that. If they want to come into the store, we’ll be able to satisfy that. So, I don't know where it's going to go. We did see -- throughout the quarter, we saw more people leveraging express pickup and home delivery. But, I don't know what the top end of that could be.
Derek Glynn: And then, just as a follow-up, as we think about your SUV and truck mix, I would think that follows a pattern unfolding in the new market with the mix of those vehicles is much higher. To what extent do you view that as a tailwind to your ASPs? And is there any opportunity or appetite to take more price drive higher GPUs?
Bill Nash: Remember, when we look at GPUs, it's not driven by the expense of the car. That's not -- we don't make necessarily more money on a more expensive vehicle. As far as how do we see this going forward? The truck mix, I think, and I'd have to go back and confirm for sure, but the truck mix has been ticking up a little bit. And that's more representative of what's coming into the marketplace, either through our appraisal lane or through the outside auction. So, I would continue to see that that pattern exist in the upcoming quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Whiston from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
David Whiston: Thanks, good morning. My question is on new vehicle leasing as a substitute to buying a used car from CarMax. I think, leasing has very much peak for the cycle but it’s -- in the past, there's been some very attractive offers to the consumers. So, do you see new vehicle leasing as less of a substitute threat than say 12 months ago or is it about the same or…
Bill Nash: Well, I think, the industry data would say that this year probably the off-leasing vehicles will peak -- between this current year and last year, there'll be at a peak level. As far as where we think leases might go next year, again, it would be a shot in the dark. I'm certainly not a leasing expert. But, wherever it goes, whether leases continue to persist in the next quarter or if they drop off a little bit in the next quarter, inventory availability for us will still be in good shape as far as acquiring inventory and as leases -- the peak of off-leases come down, there will be something else that fills in that spot. I mean, we've seen this cycle run many times over the years that we've been in business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Bottiglieri: First question is on advertising, the step-up. Was most of this incremental spend distributed nationally, or was it more targeted to where you have omni-channel markets? And then, two -- sorry.
Bill Nash: I'm sorry. Go ahead. Finish your question.
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes. Then, I was just like kind of -- related to that was kind of like, as you push more online, have you rethought like what the right advertising budget is, maybe advertising more makes more sense, I'm just curious how you think about that.
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. The majority of the spend on the quarter was actually the national spend, not the omni-market spend.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay. That's helpful. And then, I wanted to talk more about the wholesale business. You talked about like the web traffic looks great, you talked about lower -- like your unit growth was great, but then talked about lower appraisal traffic at wholesale. So, A, wanted a sense for what you think drove that. Is the competitive environment for trade is getting more difficult, just given were we are in the cycle of competitive threats? And then, two, can you talk about the supply of the 8 to 10-year old vehicles that should be increasing, has that manifest the way that you thought it would have earlier in the cycle.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, Chris, I mean, I think that it's been -- there has been robust competition for what we would consider A lane vehicles. I mean, a lot of different dealers are focused on trying to buy more outside of the auction. But, that's nothing new. The comments I made earlier about wholesale was more around GPU. And with that, the GPU went down a little bit, but that's more of a function of what we saw in the marketplace from a depreciation standpoint as the vehicles depreciate and we put less on the offer, which also has an impact on buyer rate and volume. So, we had a little bit of pressure on buyer rates, still up around 30%, little over 30%. So, we're still pleased with that. But anytime you have a depreciating market, it puts a little headwind on your offers which then puts a little headwind on your volume.
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes, it certainly makes sense. Did the number of wholesale locations change this quarter? It looks like you closed a couple, but I might just get the way on reading the schedule.
Bill Nash: No, we did not close any auctions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Stock-based comp was a big headwind this quarter. You mentioned some additional stock compensation to service line associates, which is captured in SG&A, but are you also giving more stock-based comp to associates that would be captured in that SG&A?
Enrique Mayor-Mora: Yes. Stock-based compensation, the majority is going to be in SG&A, but there's also components in service profits as we mentioned related to service associates, it’s also a component related to CAF as well. But, by far the largest component is within SG&A. I think, it's also -- it's just important to emphasize again, this is our broad-based equity program, it's targeted at non-executive management, settled in cash and runs through the P&L.
Bill Nash: Yes. And Seth, just to also clarify, we didn't increase that program. It's not like there were more shares or anything out there. It's just the market volatility to change from quarter-over-quarter.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thank you for that clarification. And then, secondly, as it relates to the performance of your comparable store sales overall relative to your omni-channel markets, you mentioned omni-channel is slightly better. That sounds a little bit different than what you're describing. The omni-channel outperformance in prior quarters, is that A, correct; and B, is that surprising; and C, is it still a good investment, if you're not getting a big lift on those omni-channel sales?
Bill Nash: There is a lot of different questions in that one question, Seth, but I'll try to do my best to remember all of them. You have to keep me honest. But, is it surprising where we are, absolutely not. I mean, if you're comparing it to what we have seen in the Atlanta market, it is different than that. But, I said all along, look, every market's is going to be a little bit different. We're going to have different levers that we pull. I actually feel really good about where we are with the omni rollout and the comp contribution to that. Because right now we have a headwind in our omni markets as it relates to our customer experience centers. If you think about it, when a market rolls onto to the omni -- the omni experience, the day it rolls on, we turn the e-offices in the stores. While the e-offices have been manned by associates that have been around a long time, they know what they're doing when it comes to progressing customers. We now turn them on to the customer experience centers. And I would just remind you that our customer experience centers, the most tenured associates that we have working with customers has only been doing it for about six months. So, as we continue to roll out and we continue to stand up and open these new customer experience centers, the Kansas City one, the Phoenix one, you have a lot less tenured associates that are handling the customer progression. I think, it's a great opportunity for us and it's one of the things that I think about when we think about efficiencies going forward and productivity gains. But, I feel good about where we are given that our omni markets actually have a headwind working against them.
Seth Basham: Understood. Thank you very much. Happy holidays, guys.
Bill Nash: You too.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn the call back over to Bill Nash for closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Carol. I want to thank all of you for your interest in CarMax and for joining us today. As always, our success is because of our associates and the culture that they have created. I want to thank them for what they do every day, for driving what's possible for each other, for our customers and for our communities. I want to wish all of them and all of you all a happy holiday. And we will talk again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-09-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2020 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Stacy Frole, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Stacy Frole: Thank you, Amy. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2020 second quarter earnings conference call. I am here today with Bill Nash, our President and CEO; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2019 filed with the SEC. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Stacy. Good morning, everyone. As you read in our earnings release this morning, we delivered another solid performance this quarter, with revenues up 9.1%, net earnings up 5.8%, and EPS up 12.9%. We achieved a 3.2% increase in used unit comps and a 6.2% increase in total used units sold. The retail performance was driven by strong conversion and continued growth in web traffic. In the second quarter, our website traffic grew 16% year-over-year, which was up slightly from our first quarter. On average, we saw more than 25 million visits per month. Gross profit per used unit for the quarter was consistent with prior year at $2,183. In addition, we reported higher wholesale units with volume up 4.7% versus the same quarter a year ago. This was primarily due to an increase in buy rate. Gross profit per wholesale unit was $928, a 1% increase compared with last year. As a percentage of sales, 0- to 4-year-old vehicles increased to 78% versus 77% a year ago. Total SUVs and trucks accounted for about 47% of our sales, up from 44% last year. This quarter, we also made significant progress on the rollout of our omni-channel experience and remain confident that this is the future of car buying. This experience, which allows customers to move seamlessly between online channels and physical locations, is now offered to approximately one-third of our customer base, and we remain on track to reach the majority of our customers by the end of this fiscal year. In addition, during the second quarter, we opened two customer experience centers or as we refer to them CECs in Atlanta and Kansas City. These centers are a key component to our new customer-driven buying experience providing help on demand as they serve customers nationwide. Currently, our Atlanta CEC is fully staffed, and our Kansas City location continues to ramp as it begins to support more stores. We also continue to be relentlessly focused on the customer experience and rolling out new capabilities on a regular basis. During the second quarter, we tested and launched new customer progression offerings and enhanced selling tools for our associates. These investments are essential to our vision for the future as they focus on providing a seamless transition between online and in-store interactions, enhancing the experience for both our associates and our customers. At this point, I will turn the call over to Tom, and he can provide some additional color on our second quarter financial performance.
Tom Reedy: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. As Bill mentioned earlier, we posted solid second quarter results, including a double-digit increase in earnings per share. This reflects strength across our business, including growth in used, wholesale, and CAF operations along with our ongoing share repurchases. In the quarter, other gross profit increased 8.2%. This was largely driven by a 15% increase in extended protection plan net revenues reflecting the combined effects of our used unit growth, increased margin, and higher product penetration rates. In addition, we recognized $6.5 million of estimated EPP profit sharing revenues. Last year, in Q2, if you recall, we’ve recognized $4.4 million. On the SG&A front, expenses for the quarter increased 6% to $480.8 million or a year-over-year decrease of $4 per unit. Factors impacting our SG&A spend included the opening of 18 stores since the beginning of the second quarter of last year, which represented a 9% growth in our store base, higher costs associated with our sales growth and continued spending to advance our technology platforms and support our core and omni-channel strategic initiatives. Similar to the first quarter, SG&A was light due to timing of advertising expense, which we expect to step up in the back half of the year. In Q3, we are launching a new marketing campaign reinforcing the strength of our brand and highlighting our differentiated omni-channel experience. Additionally, we expect omni-channel investments in the second half will continue to increase as we open our CEC in Phoenix and our other contact centers continue to ramp up. As we mentioned in Q1, we believe it will take comps in the range of 5% to 8% to leverage SG&A for the full year. In the quarter, our provision for income taxes benefited from the impact of stock option settlements by $4.8 million. Now, I will discuss customer finance and CAFs. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our third-party lenders. Tier 2 had strong conversion year-over-year accounting for 19.7% of used unit sales compared with 17% last year. Tier 3 was up slightly to 9.6% and CAF penetration net of 3-day payoffs was 42.2% compared with 43.9% in last year’s second quarter. Year-over-year, CAF’s net loans originated grew by 5.6% to $1.8 billion as the increase in used cars sold and the average amount financed was somewhat offset by the decrease in CAF’s net penetration rate. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 8.6%, up slightly from 8.5% a year ago. CAF income for the quarter was $114 million, up 4.1% versus last year. The impact of our growth in average managed receivables was slightly offset by the increase in provision for loan losses. Portfolio interest margin for the quarter was 5.7% comparable with the same quarter a year ago. The provision for loan losses was $45.5 million in Q2 versus $40 million in the prior-year period. The increase arises from portfolio growth and a modest increase in the allowance based on loss experienced. The allowance at $150.4 million represents 1.15% of ending managed receivables versus 1.14% in the first quarter and 1.13% the year ago. This remains well within our range of expectations given the origination strategy and our portfolio mix. To reiterate Bill’s earlier comments, we remain committed to aggressively investing in our business, to enhance the experience for our associates and customers, and to expand our market share. During Q2, we opened 3 stores, one in a new market, Lubbock, Texas, and two in existing markets, San Francisco, California; and Phoenix, Arizona. We also anticipate opening 13 more stores over the next 12 months. In addition, we continue to enhance shareholder returns through our stock buyback program. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares for $128 million, and we have $1.8 billion remaining in current authorizations from the board. Now, I will turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Tom. Customers continue to tell us they value an omni-channel experience empowering them to shop on their terms whenever and wherever it is most convenient for them. The unique and powerful integration of our in-store and online capabilities provides us with a significant competitive advantage that no other used car retailer can offer at our size and scale. As I mentioned earlier, our CECs play a vital role in supporting our customers with the selection and purchase of their vehicle. We will be opening another CEC in Phoenix in the fourth quarter. As we transition our store e-offices to a more centralized function at the CECs, we expect inefficiencies in the near-term but remain confident in our ability to optimize over time as omni-markets mature and CECs become fully utilized. We continue to believe that this will be a more efficient model than our current. When we launched the omni-channel experience in a new market, the first 4 to 6 weeks are focused on our operational capabilities and ensuring our exceptional customer experience is being fully delivered. After operating capabilities are in place, we bring in marketing and promotional support for the new experience. From that point, we allow a few weeks for our leads to mature from these activities before performance measurements begin. While we are pleased with the experiences our stores are providing in the new omni markets, it is too early to talk about their performance at this time. We understand there has been an appreciation for Atlanta omni updates as it was the first market to launch. I am pleased to say for the third consecutive quarter we saw double-digit comps and the market continues to outperform the overall company in both comp sales and appraisal buys. This is the last quarter we will report Atlanta on a standalone basis. It becomes increasingly more difficult to compare Atlanta’s performance with that of other markets as more stores begin their omni-channel journey and new digital initiatives are introduced nationwide to support the omni experience. Going forward, we will talk about omni more holistically rather than a market-by-market basis. Finally, we continue to focus on leveraging our data to improve our execution and our experiences. For example, this quarter, we focused on vehicle recommendations both online and in-store to help our customers make the right buying decisions. Remember, on an annual basis, we have more than 250 million digital interactions. We process more than 1 million credit applications. We value more than 6 million cars, transport more than 2 million and recondition more than 750,000. This generates a significant amount of data available only to us, a competitive advantage we will continue to leverage. While we are excited about our ongoing initiatives, the key to our success will ultimately come from our interactions and feedback from our customers. Let me share a recent example. This customer lives about 60 miles outside of Atlanta and has a newborn daughter. She didn’t want to waste time traveling with a baby into the city to shop. She is the perfect example of a customer who needed the option to shop on her terms. She started with one of our competitors, but said, she wasn’t getting the help she needed. Then she tried carmax.com and completed an online finance application. A consultant at our CEC immediately reached out to her and on that very same day, we delivered the car to her driveway with a surprise gift for her newborn. She was blown away and said it was the best customer service she has ever received, not the best car buying experience she has had, but the best experience ever. That is exactly what we are going after with omni-channel. It’s our ability to personalize each customer’s journey, whether in person, online, by phone or a combination of channels that provides a truly unique retail experience. We have always been about an exceptional customer experience and I am proud we are continuing to evolve to exceed our customers’ needs. With that, we will be glad to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America. John, your line is open.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys and thank you very much for the detail, particularly about the omni-channel efforts, and that’s kind of what I wanted to focus on. You gave us that one example of a customer 15 miles away from your store, but just trying to gauge if there is – I know you are going to be short on details here, if there is any way for us to gauge sort of the potential productivity uplift from stores? Give us any metrics around that or maybe simply talk about sort of that customer who was 50 miles away from your store, what is the farthest customer that you have reached with these omni-channel efforts, and how far is that – I mean, how far do your typical sort of in-store customer typically drive, just trying to gauge sort of the circumference and potentially productivity uplift?
Bill Nash: Sure, John. So, first of all, on the mile radius, early on in this, we set a limit on 60 miles, no more than 60 miles from any given store. Obviously, as we continue to expand the experience, stores will start to overlap within 60 miles of each other, so the 60 miles becomes less relevant. That’s kind of where we started with. As far as giving more detail at this point, like I said, it is really early. If you think about it, although we have progressed it to make it available, the experience available to a third of our customers, only a third of those markets has any type of advertising at this point and the other ones that do have advertising has been very short-lived. The other thing that I would tell you is that the connection over to our CECs, there are some inefficiencies there. If you think about it, the first CEC that we turned on was Atlanta, the most tenured associates that we have in there taking calls, they first started taking calls in June. So, it’s a little early to talk about any specific results. But as I said, we plan to continue to update as we go forward.
John Murphy: And maybe if I could follow-up, I mean, you said that 60-mile radius, I mean, what is the typical distance that somebody would drive in-store without sort of that defined new area that you are looking at?
Bill Nash: There isn’t a typical – I mean we will have folks that are leveraging test drives that are very close to the store, and then we will have some that are further out, it’s kind of all over.
Tom Reedy: Yes, John, when we look at end markets in penetration, we look at 5-mile bandwidth of the store. And as you would imagine, the penetration is significantly higher the closer you are to the stores, and a lot of it’s within a 10-mile band, but we do have customers, as Bill said, that will -- you won’t drive that far for service, but you will drive to get the car you want at the price you want. But as I said, it’s just a lot less –further out you get the thinner the penetration gets.
John Murphy: Got it. So, it almost seems like you are looking at something that’s like a 10-mile opportunity going to a 60-mile opportunity? Just seems like – I mean it seems like that’s generally what your thought process is, that’s my reading?
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, we don’t really put the mileage bands. We think omni can help us reach – we have put 60, but we think it’s going to help us reach a lot of other customers that maybe we weren’t a viable option for them before.
John Murphy: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Sharon, your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: Yes. Hi, good morning. Can you hear me okay?
Bill Nash: Good morning Sharon.
Sharon Zackfia: Great. I guess just a follow-up question on that, I mean as you have been rolling out omni-channel, what has been the most surprising feature? I mean it seems as if you are really just striving to kind of create a more frictionless environment. So, of the options for the consumer, where have you seen like the biggest uptake in that, and that is – is it in online appraisals or financing or the delivery? And then corollary to that, when you think about Atlanta, is that comp driven by increased traffic, because people are – you are kind of lowering the veto factor, because people know what they are going to get when they come in or is that increased conversion, just curious where you are really seeing that comp uplift come from?
Bill Nash: Okay, Sharon. So, first of all, on what’s kind of been the biggest, I don’t know if I would necessarily call it a surprise, but as far as what the customers seem to appreciate a lot, I think it really is as we roll omni and we have these new, the new customer hub out that allows the customer to progress on their terms, so they can – once they decide on the car that they are interested in, it generates – it puts them into the customer hub at which point they can do pretty much anything that they want to do and be able to do that on their own speed. They also are assisted at any point in the transaction by our customer experience consultants. So, I think that has been very well received obviously with the test drives delivered to their – to folks home, that’s a new feature. Customers are – they utilize that, are highly engaged, really appreciated. Keep in mind, it’s still a very, very small percent of overall sales. As far as the Atlanta comps, keep in mind when we rolled it into Atlanta, it was a pure market with very good controls, because when we rolled in there there was nothing omni anywhere else in the U.S. So not only do we put the new omni experience in there, we did some additional advertising, we opened up some transfers, we continue to do pricing tests. And I think the comps are being generated by all of that. Now, from that point, we have taken pieces of this and I have talked about this in the first quarter, we have taken components of omni. So for example, the new website, we moved that into the rest of the country in the first quarter, some of the new technology improvements that we made to the website, the rest of the country has been able to get to that benefit. So, some of the new markets, and it’s the reason why as we go forward, it gets harder and harder to compare Atlanta to a control, because there really is no control anymore.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Scot, your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys.
Bill Nash: Good morning Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi. Can we talk about loan origination distribution? I guess the way we are looking at, it seems like comps that were originated through CAF were actually down low single-digits with over 100% of your growth coming from your Tier 2 and Tier 3 lenders. Can you just help us understand especially with the – I know early, but rollout of omni-channel, why comp growth appears to be negative through the CAF channel and maybe what’s changed with your financing partners to accelerate growth there?
Tom Reedy: Yes, Scot, I don’t know about comp growth, but if we look at specific units financed by CAF, it’s actually up year-over-year even though it’s down as a percentage of the mix. So in a lot of ways we feel CAF is just going to be a product of the credit quality of the application volume. So, I wouldn’t read anything into omni at this point, because it’s only in limited markets. As far as Tier 2 and Tier 3, we did see strong performance from them. I don’t think it has anything to do with omni as much as the lenders and some factors going on there. In Tier 2, we observed improved conversion from them, which as a reminder, that’s how we evaluate our third-party lenders is of the applications that they see how many convert to a sale. And over the course of last year, particularly in the back half of the year, we saw Tier 2 conversion improve significantly and it’s held strong into this year. So we are looking at a kind of a year-over-year more aggressive lending practice in Tier 2. Tier 3, if you recall in Q3 last year, we made the deliberate activity to switch application volume away from an underperforming lender and more towards a better performing lender and so that’s benefiting us as far as Tier 3 volume this year, but we will probably anniversary that in the upcoming quarter.
Scot Ciccarelli: But Tom, in the Tier 2, is there anything that – was there an addition of new lenders to that program or is it just kind of across the board that, that group of lenders that you use there are becoming more aggressive in terms of seeking to provide financing for you guys?
Tom Reedy: Yes, I would say that across the board, it’s not a fair characterization. The reason we maintain a portfolio of lenders is because their behavior has changed. We did see one in particular get a little bit weaker, but a few of them got more aggressive over the course of the year and net-net, the conversion in Tier 2 was up significantly versus last year.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Thanks guys.
Tom Reedy: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Armintas Sinkevicius with Morgan Stanley. Armintas, your line is open.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Great. Much appreciated. You mentioned that to leverage SG&A you need to grow same-store sales about 5% to 8%. That’s different than the previous mid single-digit growth, but it does seem like the filings callout this year in particular. So can you talk to me about how the plan to leverage SG&A beyond 2020?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, I think first of all, the 5% to 8%, we have been talking about that the last couple of quarters, certainly last quarter and again this quarter. We came in a little bit favorable to Tom’s point earlier in his opening remarks, we have advertising spend slated for the second half of the year. So you will see that jump up. The way to think about advertising we think about it on a whole year, because it gets a little dicey from quarter to quarter depending on timing. But as a whole year, we would expect to see advertising on a per-car basis be a little bit higher as we support our omni rollout. As we go forward, we think there is lots of ways to continue to leverage and one of the things we haven’t talked about, you saw little bit of leverage this period, some of that is coming from initiatives that we have done in-house to make sure we are managing control, optimizing our staffing, eliminating waste. So for example, in our merchandising department to make sure we are leveraging our buyers in different ways than we have before, same thing with sales managers in the store. So what you are seeing is some goodness that’s coming from that, that’s offsetting some of the incremental expense that we are investing in the business. I think as we go forward through the next year, I think we have a lot of opportunity to still leverage our CECs, because again, they are just ramping up. I see that as an area of opportunity, because I don’t think we will need to grow the CECs as quickly as we would for sales consultants in stores if we continue the growth by having to staff e-offices, which we won’t continue to do. So, I think there is still a lot of good things that are ahead in-store for us.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay. So would you expect to get back to that mid single-digit same-store sales growth to leverage SG&A going forward then or is 5% to 8% the new norm?
Bill Nash: Well, I think what we said is 5% to 8% is what you should expect this year. Next year I think you can expect a little bit of a step up in investment, but not as big a step up at this year or at the last year. So, I would expect to get a little bit better next year. And then I think what you will see is it will assuming that we don’t have new initiatives, you will see it start to plateau off – plateau and then maybe even come down a little bit.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay. Much appreciated.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Seth, your line is open.
Seth Sigman: Hey, guys. Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on a couple of those last points. So just in terms of the timing of the advertising expense, are you guys able to quantify how much actually shifted out of this quarter into Q3, Q4?
Bill Nash: Again, Seth, I would think about it more on an annual basis. If you look at what we spend on an annual basis on a per unit, I would expect it to be up a little bit over what it was last year. So I think last year was running around $220 all-in per unit and I would expect to be above that at the end of this year.
Seth Sigman: Got it, okay. And then just two related follow-ups here, just in terms of the initial inefficiencies as you are rolling out the CECs, obviously, it’s very early, but just curious your thoughts on maybe how long does it take to ramp. When do you start to see it breakeven from a cost perspective as you reallocate that labor and experience? I think you have talked about store attrition and waiting for that to happen. And then just related to that, can you just talk about your ability to preserve that top experience that you provide consumers in the store while that labor is being reallocated, just remind us how that all is playing out as you reallocate that labor to CEC? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Okay. On the first part of the question about the inefficiency, so a couple of areas that we see inefficiencies right now, when we convert over a new market, keep in mind our stores are staffed currently to handle e-office shifts. So when we turn on omni, they no longer have to do e-offices. So we are overstaffed. We are subsidizing our associates to make sure that we can hold them whole with an opportunity to make more as we allow normal attrition to work through and get us to the right staffing level. Each store in each market is going to be a little different depending on what they go into the omni rollout, where they are from a staffing standpoint, but I would think within a few months, the staffing should be right-sized in those stores if you are looking for a timeframe. As far as CECs, again I go back to something I said earlier, our most tenured person in the Atlanta CEC has only been taking call since June. That is a little bit of a headwind for us right now because there are some stores where they are very effective in their e-office shifts. Well, you are not going to be as effective Day 1 as you will be Day 30 or 60 or 1 year. So I think the e-office as they continue to ramp up, as we continue to train those folks and get more reps that will continue to provide goodness over time. And one of the learnings that we have had coming out of this is we have revamped our training program for the CECs and made it even more robust than what it’s been in the past. And what was the second part of your question, was it about the customer experience in the store?
Seth Sigman: Yes, that’s what we are talking about. Just your ability to preserve that experience in the store as consumers still come in, but I think you sort of addressed that?
Bill Nash: Yes. We put a lot of focus not only we are turning to CECs, but when we go into an omni market we work with the stores for 6 to 8 weeks before we roll omni, because one of the big things is that we want to make sure this is a seamless integration for the customer. So as they do more online when they come to the store, they don’t want to have to repeat that. They want the credit for what they have done previously. So leveraging the new technology stack that we have that integrates into our CRM system has been critical and so it’s about making sure that our floor sales consultants that are interacting with the customers face to face take the value-add of the system and make sure they understand how far the customer has progressed and give them credit for what they have already done.
Seth Sigman: Got it. Alright. Thanks, Bill. Appreciate it.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Seth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek Glynn with Consumer Edge Research. Derek, your line is open.
Derek Glynn: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just as it relates to the recent hiring initiative for auto techs and detailers, can you provide an update on how that’s going, do you think there is ample supply in the labor pool right now to fill all those openings or are you perhaps being a technician shortage in the industry similar to what some of your franchise dealer peers have discussed over the last year or so?
Bill Nash: No, I think it’s absolutely – there is absolutely a shortage of technicians. When I think about the challenging positions that we hire for right now, I would say technicians and fleet drivers are probably at the top. But I would tell you for us, one, our employment brand and being the fact we have been on the 100 best places to work for 15 years certainly helps. We have got great working conditions. We got great benefit. So it’s a great place for technicians to come work. In addition to that, with our whole flow operations, we can grow apprentice techs all the way through the cycle. And so we are starting to grow our own technicians. So we don’t have to rely solely on what’s coming out of trade schools that kind of thing. So we feel good about where we are. We do have a push right now to make sure that we can meet growth as whether that be additional stores or growth that we would expect to see from omni-channel.
Derek Glynn: Got it. That’s helpful. And if I could just squeeze one more in, just quickly, any impact to call out either late in the second quarter or here early in the third quarter from recent weather events such as Dorian or more recently in Texas?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, Dorian did impact obviously our East Coast stores, because it hung out there for a while. We had towards the end of the quarter, at one point in time, I think we had about 14 stores that were closed and it kind of varied there for over a week period as the number of stores we closed as it threatened north of Florida started out, okay, it’s coming to Florida, then you know how it went. So, we did have an impact, but what I would tell you what we believe and what we have seen in the past is although that straddled the quarter, it had a small impact on the quarter results, we would expect to get that back in the third quarter. As far as Imelda, we closed some stores for Houston for a partial day, but really that was less significant than Dorian.
Derek Glynn: Understood. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line with Rick Nelson from Stephens. Rick, your line is open.
Rick Nelson: Bill, can you talk about GPU as an omni-channel market specifically, Atlanta, how that compares to non-omni channel markets? I know you have talked about some pricing tests in that market specifically?
Bill Nash: Sure, Rick. First of all, in general, I view omni and GPU as two separate decisions that we make. They are not necessarily dependent on each other. We can rollout omni and not have to do anything with GPU. As far as it relates to Atlanta, like I said in the past with Atlanta, we did open up some more free transfers, we did some pricing tests. So there was a little bit of pressure on GPUs in that market, but we have pulled back on some of those things. And seriously, as we go forward in omni, we are going to be pulling different levers for different markets. So again, I feel good about where we are in GPU and I do think about them as separate decisions.
Rick Nelson: Okay, great. Thanks and good luck.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Rick.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Seth, your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. My question is around trends in omni-channel markets as well. I appreciate the fact that you are not going to speak to performance in omni-channel markets outside of Atlanta, but when you look at Atlanta’s really strong results to-date, where are your projections for the rest of the omni-channel markets, what type of lift you expect from rolling out omni-channel outside of Atlanta?
Bill Nash: Yes, Seth. It’s – look, as I have been saying every market is going to be a little bit different as far as what we expect on lift. We absolutely expect a lift. Do I expect to get double-digit comps in every single market? No, I don’t expect to get it. Do I expect to be getting that in the early stages of these markets? Absolutely not, for all the reasons that I have cited previously, but it’s really – it’s too early to tell exactly where we think we are going to land ultimately. But as we progress through the next few quarters, we will be able to talk about it more holistically in what we are seeing.
Seth Basham: Okay. And I have a follow-up. As it relates to Tier 2 and Tier 3 penetration, you just spoke to the fact that you will be – you are going to be annualizing some of the strength in Tier 3 in the upcoming quarters. Tier 2 as well you will be annualizing some of the improved conversion you saw there in the second half. Would you expect to see more limited comp contribution from Tier 2 going forward as a result?
Bill Nash: No, I can’t predict what the lenders will do over the course of the next year. So, it’s hard to say what will happen going forward. But as I mentioned, we did see improvement over that course, mostly the back half of last year and it was more of a trend unlike Tier 3 which was a step function, because we changed our policy of allocation.
Seth Basham: Understood. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Chris, your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Wanted to talk about like the supply environment, wondering if you are funding – obviously comps are very strong right now, so that wasn’t the case, but wanted to get a sense for what you are seeing in terms of inventory availability, if you had a more difficult time yet sourcing productive units that fit your standards? And then two how do you think about that backdrop given off-lease growth beginning to decelerate in the back half and then kind of plateauing into the next couple of years? Thank you.
Tom Reedy: Sure, Chris. As far as auction supply, we think there is a good supply. I cited that as the strength in Q1. I think the supply is still good. We don’t see an issue there. When I look at the comps from Q1 to now obviously in Q1 there were a lot of different factors that I cited the tax refunds. You had the – the lending environment is good. We had great execution. We have rolled out some of the digital things that we had gotten from omni. The other thing that was interesting about Q1 was not only do we see a good supply, but the acquisition price for the first time was fairly flat year-over-year and we hadn’t seen that probably in a year and a half or more. When I go to the comps of this quarter, there certainly was a headwind, because our acquisition price actually went up a few hundred bucks over last year which was already up $400 to $500. So that was a headwind and a headwind that we worked through. As far as the question on the lease ship, I think the leases from every measure that you look at and what I read, sounds like the leases may peak this year and then start to decline, but truthfully we have seen this cycle before where leases make up a decent share of what’s being sold and then they gets pulled back. And generally what happens is there is something else that fills that void. So maybe dealer consignment will go up, the SAR staying relatively flat, which means instead of leases, people are buying cars. So we will just skip those vehicles through other channels. We have been able to work through that historically and I think we are in a great position, because we have done it before that this time will be no different.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got it. That’s helpful. And then a follow-up, when I think like the strength of your model, I think one of the underappreciated assets is kind of, I think your CAF book and then like your lending partners. I have historically observed that when like the auto environment credit conditions tighten, your comps accelerate. I guess, a) do you see this in your own data and then b) how would you characterize the overall auto lending environment currently? Thank you.
Tom Reedy: Yes. We haven’t looked at whether – how our comps trend with the overall auto lending environment, but – and we really concern ourselves with our sales and our partners and what they are doing. In CAF, we worked really hard to maintain a book of business that’s highly financeable that securitization market will appreciate and we lend to the standards that allow that – that will allow that to happen. We haven’t seen anything in the current environment that’s made us want to tighten our standards; no red flags at this point. So, I feel good about that. I feel great about our Tier 2 partners and their performance over the past year. That’s why we have a portfolio of them and we haven’t had a tight lending environment in a while, but when we did on an ongoing basis, we heard from our partners that they preferred the business coming out of our system than other places and actually took volume down in other places in order to keep doing CarMax business. So we continue to focus on those partnerships and hopefully it pays off in the long run like it has in the past.
Bill Nash: Hey, Chris. The only other thing I would add to that is it really is about affordability. So as prices go up, customers are focused on their monthly payment. So, changes in interest rate and acquisition prices, all that kind of plays together. I don’t think it’s one versus the other. So if new cars are going up faster than used cars and even if the financing environment isn’t as tight, customers are focused on that monthly payment, what does that equate to from a monthly payment standpoint?
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes, so that’s really helpful. Thank you for the context.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar. David, your line is open.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. Can you talk at all in terms of your self sufficiency ratio? Is there anything in the digital – on the technology front that might help you guys meaningfully increase that ratio over time?
Bill Nash: Sure. So we have talked about our self-sufficiency ratio is usually in the 40% to 50%. We are a little bit less than that for this quarter. That certainly is a focus area. We continue to advance some of our tests with online appraisals, online estimates, trying to figure out what resonates best with the companies, but it certainly is a large focus and we will continue to buy as much as we can through outside channels other than the auctions.
David Whiston: Okay. And on the CAF penetration being down in the first half of the year, about 230 bps is that – Tom, is that primarily with the more aggressive lending from the channels that you were talking about earlier or is there another factor driving that?
Tom Reedy: No. As you guys probably know, we did first look at all of the loans. So, CAF runs its business as a key fit to try to optimize its profits and CarMax’s profits. So a change in our third-party lender behavior would not impact our book at all. It’s really a matter of what kind of customer application credit mix is coming through the door and our ability to convert those folks. And actually we are doing a good job on a year-over-year basis of converting them. It’s just a matter of what’s coming through the door.
David Whiston: Okay, thanks.
Tom Reedy: Or the web. I am sorry I was antiquating myself here.
David Whiston: Yes, right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Scot, your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey, guys. Just a quick follow-up on the financing side here, is there any kind of difference in the distribution that you are seeing from the omni-channel than the stores on the financing, like is CAF I don’t know, because I am not actually in the CarMax store, for example, maybe I am choosing a bigger bank or a lender that maybe I am more familiar with?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think Scot, at this point, we have seen similar whether it’s in the store or through omni-channel, we have seen a kind of a similar credit makeup. Really the only difference that we have seen is when you start doing online finance, I think the folks that utilize on-finance is more skewed towards lower credit customers. But outside of that, it’s pretty similar to the stores.
Scot Ciccarelli: But Bill, does that mean that as we expand the omni-channel, more people are using the web to do their credit apps, because that’s obviously a growing trend, you would naturally tier more, shift more towards those kind of second and your Tier 2 and Tier 3 lenders rather than CAF?
Tom Reedy: No. Scot, I think what Bill is trying to articulate is people that are leading with the credit app as their first interaction with us that volume is significantly lower credit than our overall transactions in omni. If you look at people who transact with us in omni, it’s similar to the mix that we see in the rest of the system. I think it’s just the folks that have good credit don’t lead with that, because they know it’s not an issue and they will deal with it later in the process.
Bill Nash: Right. Online financing has been available for quite a while, even before omni. My point was just more specific of the folks that use that feature, it’s generally lower credit.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay, got it. Alright. Thanks, guys.
Bill Nash: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Bill Nash for closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Thank you. Listen, we are excited about the future. We are a 26-year old company. We just hit $5 billion in revenue for the second quarter in a row. Revenues were up 9%. EPS is up almost 13%. Comps are north of 3%. We are investing heavily in the business for the future. We are buying back stock. We are managing costs. So we are very excited about where we are today. We are excited about the future. But it all goes to our associates. They are the ones that are enabling this. None of this would be possible without their dedication and drives. They are delivering that exceptional customer service and living our values day-in and day-out. They are the ones that are driving what’s possible for us. I want to thank them. For everyone else on the call, I want to thank you for your continued support of CarMax and we look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-06-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2020 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Good morning. Thank you, Tiffany. Thank you all for joining our fiscal 2020 first quarter earnings conference call. I'm here as usual with Bill Nash, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28th, 2019, filed with the SEC. Lastly, and last time, let me thank you in advance for asking one question and getting back in the queue for follow-up. Thank you. Bill?
Bill Nash: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. Before I get started, I do want to take a moment to personally thank Katharine who many of you know is retiring at the end of July, so this is her last call. Katharine has run a very successful IR program for us over the past 13 years and I'm sure that you all agree that she will be deeply missed. Katharine, we wish you the best in your retirement. I hope it exceeds your expectations. I'd also like to introduce Stacy Frole, who similar to Katharine has a very strong IR background. And as many of you already know, Katherine and Stacy have been working closely together over the last months to ensure a smooth transition in Investor Relations' communications. So, welcome Stacy and again, congratulations, Katharine.
Katharine Kenny: Thanks Bill.
Bill Nash: For today's call, I'll start with our first quarter highlights. I will then turn the call over to Tom to discuss our financials in more detail before providing an update on our omni-channel rollout, which continues to perform very well. Then we will open it up for your questions. As you read in earnings release this morning, we are pleased to announce a very strong start to fiscal 2020 with net earnings growth up 11.8% and EPS up 19.5%. We achieved a 9.5% increase in used unit comps and a 13% increase in our total used units sold. This strength in retail is the result of a combination of many factors, including our solid execution, which was supported by enhancements to the customer experience; a robust lending environment; and a delay of February tax refunds into our first quarter. Conversion for the quarter increased year-over-year, while store traffic remained relatively unchanged. Our website traffic grew 15% from a year ago. Gross profit per unit for the quarter was consistent with prior year at $2,215. We continue to drive efficiencies in our inventory management systems, allowing us to maintain margins while offering attractive prices. In addition to strong retail sales in the first quarter, we reported higher wholesale units with volume up 6% for the quarter versus a year ago. This was the result of an all-time record buy rate as well as the growth in our store base year-over-year. Gross profit per wholesale unit was $1,043, an increase of 3.1% compared with last year. This strong wholesale performance likely benefited from the delay in tax refunds as well. As a percentage of sales, zero to four-year-old vehicles decreased less than 1% to 76% versus 77% in the first quarter of last year. Total SUVs and trucks accounted for about 46% of our sales, up from 43% this time last year. At this point, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks Bill and good morning everybody. For the quarter, we saw strong performance in other gross profit, which increased 11.6%. This was largely driven by an 11.2% increase in EPP net revenues, reflecting the combined effects of strong used volume growth along with increased penetration and margins, which were partially offset by an increase in the cancellation reserve. Also remember, in last year's first quarter, EPP revenues included $4 million related to the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard. On the SG&A front, expenses for the quarter increased 11.7% to $490 million. Factors impacting our SG&A spend included the opening of 18 stores since the beginning of the first quarter last year, which represents a 10% growth in our store base; higher variable costs associated with our strong sales growth; a $14 million or $46 per unit increase in share-based compensation expense; as well as continued investment in technology platforms and digital initiatives. SG&A per used unit was $2,183, a $26 decrease year-over-year. We're pleased to show leverage in the midst of substantial investment and the $46 per unit increase in share-based compensation. While the quarter did benefit from some timing differences, we were able to offset a portion of the growth spend with efficiencies and will continue to focus our efforts on this. Our provision for income taxes benefited from the impact of stock option settlements by $3.1 million. This translates to an 89 basis point reduction in our effective tax rate for the quarter. Now, I'll turn to CAF and customer finance. In the quarter, we saw higher application volume and strong performance across all credit tiers. Tier 2 accounted for 20.3% of sales compared with 17% last year, while Tier 3 accounted for 11.5% versus 10.9% a year ago. CAF penetration net of three-day payoffs was 41.4% compared with 42.9% in last year's first quarter. While we saw increased allocations across the board, it was definitely more pronounced in the Tier 2 and Tier 3 space. Year-over-year, CAF net loans originated grew by 9.7% to $1.8 billion as the increase in used cars sold was somewhat offset by the decrease in CAF net penetration rates. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers increased to 8.9% compared with 8.4% a year ago and 8.7% in the fourth quarter. CAF income of $116 million was up just slightly compared to the first quarter last year. The impact of growth and average managed receivables was offset by a $7 million increase in the provision for loan losses and a slight compression in portfolio interest margin. This margin was 5.6% versus 5.7% a year ago and 5.5% in Q4. The provision for loan losses was $38 million in Q1 versus $31 million in the prior year period. The increase arises from portfolio growth along with some unfavorable loss experienced versus our expectations, which translates into a related increase in the overall allowance for losses. The allowance at $147 million represents 1.14% of ending managed receivables versus 1.13% in Q1 of last year and 1.10% in Q4. While the allowance has increased a modest four basis points sequentially, it remains well within our range of expectations given our origination strategy and portfolio mix. As we discussed last quarter, we are committed to enhancing shareholder value through continued investment in our associates, our business and our capital structure. During the quarter, we opened three stores, two in new markets, Waco and McAllen, Texas; and our second store in Memphis, Tennessee. Earlier in June, we opened our Atlanta customer experience center. Over the next 12 months, we're anticipating opening 14 more stores and two customer experience centers. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 3 million shares for $205 million. Since starting the stock buyback program in 2012, we have returned more than $4.6 billion to shareholders and we have $1.9 billion remaining in current authorizations. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Tom. As we look towards the future, we continue to believe the unique and powerful integration of our in-store and online capabilities provides us with a significant competitive advantage. And as consumers continue to do more online, it's important that we provide them with the ability to shop on their terms anywhere, anytime. While we are still in the early stages, we are very pleased with the results in our Atlanta market. The strong performance we saw last quarter carried over into the first quarter. Once again, we saw double-digit comps and the Atlanta market continues to outperform the overall company in both comp sales and appraisal buys. Our finance penetration is similar to the rest of the company, while max care penetration is slightly lower. Home delivery continues to experience high conversion, although it remains a small percentage of our overall sales in Atlanta. As I mentioned last quarter, we believe our unique omnichannel experience could be more efficient than our current model. We do anticipate some inefficiencies in some of our operations in the near-term, however, we know that we will be able to improve as omni markets mature and our customer experience centers become fully utilized. We continue to enhance our omnichannel capabilities and experiences for both our associates and customers based on their feedback and reactions. We remain confident that we are moving in the right direction and our omnichannel experience will be one of the key drivers of comp sales and market share growth going forward. Here are some specific updates on the progress of our rollout. The Atlanta customer experience center, or CEC, just opened this month, and we will be opening one in Kansas City in late July. We are also in the process of working on a third location, which will open later this year. Over time, the three large CECs will each staff more than 300 associates. Having spent some time in our new Atlanta CEC, I'm convinced that this is the right solution for continuing to improve our customer experience. The technology is state-of-the-art and integrates well with our store systems. Our associates are excited and well-positioned to focus on progressing the customer online and providing an exceptional experience. With the opening of the Atlanta CEC, we rolled the omnichannel experience to the majority of our Florida stores earlier this month. Later this quarter, we will continue the rollout to new markets, including those in North Carolina and Virginia. We remain on track to provide our omnichannel experience to the majority of our customers by the end of fiscal year 2020. As I've said on prior calls, to bring omni to life, we're leveraging the strength of the CarMax model that we've built over the past 25 years along with new technology and digital capabilities. This is an experience that we can tailor to each individual customer. This is the future of car buying. We're off to a great start, and we're excited about the future. And at this point, we'll be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys. Hi. So, I guess I was hoping you might be able to shed a little bit more light just regarding the inflection that we happened to see this quarter. I mean we had a couple of quarters that might've been -- I guess, a lot of people would term them as relatively underwhelming 3Q, 4Q. And obviously, we're still early in the Atlanta rollout, so you can't just point to omnichannel as what caused the inflection here. So, if you can provide any more color on that, I think that'll be fantastic for the group. Thanks.
Bill Nash: Sure Scot. So, in my prepared remarks, I talked a little bit about tax rate funds lending environment, but let me give you a little bit more color. On the improved execution, we highlighted conversion. The store did a phenomenal job not only on the face-to-face conversion, but getting folks on the website into the store. So, we had great conversion success. Our buyers did a phenomenal job on vehicle acquisition this quarter. Shipping logistics, we had some efficiencies we picked up there. And anytime, as we've said in the past, when we pick up these efficiencies, we generally are passing them along in price reductions. We had some improvements in the customer experience or our digital initiatives. The main things there -- I don't know if you've noticed, we have a new website that we have rolled out everywhere nationally and that's based off some feedback we've been learning in the omni markets. We have some new -- a new search experience. We have some new improvements on our search experience. It's really focused on speed and navigation. And then I think a couple of other factors that played into this. We felt like the supply -- overall auction supply was up a little bit, which is a good thing for us. And I think that was also reflected in a little bit of movement in the new used car gap. So, it really is a whole host of different factors, none of which -- not any individual one was the majority of the lift. 
Scot Ciccarelli: So, if I were to try and break out kind of like the tax refunds because that's obviously a temporary phenomenon, what was the -- how would you estimate the impact of the tax refund shift?
Bill Nash: Yes, like last quarter, I mean, we thought we probably missed out on about a week's worth of tax refunds last quarter, so that's what we expected rolled into this quarter.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay. Thanks guys.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on a nice quarter.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Brian.
Brian Nagel: So, first off, Katharine, congrats on the retirement. It's been -- definitely been a pleasure working with you all these years, so congratulations.
Katharine Kenny: Thanks Brian.
Brian Nagel: And Stacy welcome.
Stacy Frole: Thank you.
Brian Nagel: So, I want to -- my question -- my one question, I want to maybe follow up a bit on Scot's question. But if you're looking at the significant inflection higher here in used car unit comps from Q4 to Q1, now you did talk about in the prepared comments some of the shifts in the credit metrics. So, the question I have is to what extent -- as you look at the improvement in used car unit comps, to what extent did either and seemingly more engaged group of lending partners or what -- in what appears to be maybe a little more -- a little looser credit extension on the part of CAF helped used car unit comps? And then along those lines, I mean, to the extent CAF -- it was -- what we see in CAF, was that more of a conscious decision on the part of management? Or was that just a reflection of what was happening in the marketplace?
Tom Reedy: Yes. So, Brian, I'll hit your questions. One, the CAF has not changed its origination strategy material at all. We're always testing, but as far as the quality and structure of the portfolio we are originating, it's been very consistent. When you see shifts in the mix, particularly about where -- how much CAF penetration is, that's usually a -- it's generally a byproduct of the mix of customers coming in. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did see application volume up for all credit qualities, but it's definitely more pronounced at the lower end. And so in general, that's going to favor the Tier 2 and Tier 3 folks as far as their attach rate. Now that said, we've seen very solid performance from our partners, both in the Tier 2 and Tier 3 space. I wouldn't say it's any different from what we've seen in the last -- saw last quarter and maybe in the third quarter, but Tier 2 definitely improved over the back half of last year. So, on a year-over-year basis, we're seeing stronger conversion. And Tier 3, if you remember, in the third quarter, we shifted some of the allocation of apps across our partners. And so because of that, we're seeing conversion higher year-over-year. But from a kind of sequential perspective, I think they're all performed about the same as earlier this year and firing on all cylinders and we're happy with their performance. Did that hit everything, Brian or I think--
Brian Nagel: Yes. No, that definitely helps. So, I guess to sum it up, though, I mean, as we look at -- and again, as we all try to make sense of what is clearly a significant acceleration in comps in just over the last few months. Credit was not -- any shifts in credit would not -- what you're saying is that there's -- nothing dramatic happened at the credit side to help that?
Tom Reedy: The only thing I would say is the strength of Tier 2 is -- would definitely be a help on -- vis-à-vis last year because as you would imagine, as you go down the credit spectrum, a customer who gets a CAF offer is much more likely to convert to a sale than a customer who gets a Tier 2 offer, and that's more likely to convert than a customer who gets a Tier 3 offer. So, they're -- with the fact that Tier 2 is seeing more volume and there's -- they're incrementally a little bit stronger year-over-year, you would expect that some of those that they approve that would've gone down to Tier 3 probably wouldn't have turned into sales. But you can't -- there's so many moving parts that you really can't quantify it.
Bill Nash: Yes. Brian, and I was just reiterating, if you think about all the different factors, there was no one factor that was the majority of the lift.
Brian Nagel: Got you. So, let me just -- and sorry to belabor this. But okay, I'm a Tier 2 piece then, so is there -- can we get any more color on what changed there? And then how -- as we think about now the balance of fiscal 2019, how should we view or think about the sustainability of that?
Tom Reedy: I think what I just said a little earlier, over the back half of last year, we saw our lender performance -- so we define lender performance by what percent of applications that they see convert into a sale. So, we saw that conversion increase over the back half of last year and its remained stable since. And obviously, also, there's more customer volume in that space, which favors them as well that we don't control.
Brian Nagel: Appreciate all the details. Congrats and thank you.
Tom Reedy: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Armintas Sinkevicius with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Armintas Sinkevicius: When I think about the commentary around Atlanta, double-digit comps again back-to-back quarters now, and you continue to roll out the initiative. How should I think about how that compares versus a -- the traditional model? In other words, as you roll out these stores, how should we be thinking about the lift that you would get from the omnichannel initiative using Atlanta as the template?
Bill Nash: Yes, I guess the only thing I can confidently tell you is that every time we go into a new market, the lift is going to be different. And remember, when we rolled out Atlanta, we -- it wasn't only the new experience and the new alternative delivery methods, but we had some new advertising, we had some expanded free transfers, we had some pricing tests, so a whole bunch of things. As we roll out into future market, the only thing I would tell you is that we'll be consistent among future markets is that we'll offer the new experience, the new website experience, the new alternative delivery methods, and we'll absolutely step-up and advertise it. But beyond that, we'll be looking at each individual market and deciding what's best at the time. So, it's really hard to take one market and kind of extrapolate that over all future markets.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay. And then just one other one on the SG&A side. How should we think about the timing of the SG&A spend here in the second and third quarter? You're opening up customer experience centers. How much of that is you're starting to see efficiencies at your store level? Or are we opening in the customer experience centers first and then there will be some natural attrition at the store level and also the cost of the grand openings there? Just any way we can contextualize the SG&A that would be helpful.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, first of all, for this quarter, as Tom talked about earlier, we had some leverage. Now, there was a little bit of timing and the advertising spend that we would expect to pick up, but as far as the CECs are concerned, we're still ramping them up. We -- I wouldn't say we've really realized much in the way of efficiencies between our CECs and our staffing and the store because we're going through a transition period where we're getting the staffing in the store line up appropriately as we ramp up the CECs. So, I think the optimization from the CECs, we have yet to see that.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay. I appreciate it.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi good morning. And I just want to say, it's nice to see Katharine go out on a nice high comp there. So, have a good retirement, Katharine.
Katharine Kenny: Thanks.
Sharon Zackfia: Yes, I guess the question around the CECs, kind of following up, when you presumably roll out omnichannel across the whole country -- and I'd be interesting in what the timing is on that. I know you said the majority of markets by next February, but kind of what the plan is for the rest? I mean how do you visualize how many CECs are necessary across the country to deliver this experience? And then when we think about those startup inefficiencies, is it really just the labor of those 300 folks at the CECs that's causing kind of that three or four-month inefficiency that I think you've alluded to in the past?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, Sharon, we think -- we believe at this point, I talked about the three big ones. We just opened up the first of the three big ones; we have two more that we're going to be opening of this year. We're going to -- I think we feel really good about those three handling the bulk of the country. There will be some probably one-off small locations due to state regulations, i.e., if you have to be in the state to do a selling activity. The CEC is considered selling activity, so you would have to have a location in those states. But I would think about those three as being the major ones that will lift the omni. As far as efficiency, like I said last time, we would expect to take at least one person out of the store for every person that we add in the CEC. Now we've chosen to do that just through normal attrition. So, there will be some inefficiencies by design in the early couple of few months rolling it out because the day we turn on omnichannel, our stores are overstaffed because they no longer have to staff to handle e-Office leaves and calls and progressing customers that way. So -- but I think for the most part in most locations, we can work through that over like a two or three-month period. And we're making sure that we take care of our associates during that time period.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you. Sharon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Katharine, you will be missed.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you.
Craig Kennison: So, lots of focus on the omnichannel and disruption in retail channel. And that makes sense to me, good reason for those questions, but there's also disruption unfolding in the wholesale channel. We've got more dealer-to-dealer digital platforms that are emerging there. How are you thinking strategically about the wholesale market and whether there's an opportunity to be as disruptive there?
Bill Nash: Yes, it's a great question, Craig. And I think a lot of times people overlook the wholesale, but it's a huge business for us. And I think it's a huge competitive advantage. Just like with our retail customers, we want to make sure we give our wholesale dealers a great experience as well, and so we're testing different things. For example, we've tested some online selling. Keep in mind, though, our average vehicle is still 10 years old, over 100,000 miles. There are a lot of dealers who'd still want to come and look at that, but I think we're in a great position to continue to move and make changes in that space just like we are at retail. So, it's one that we haven't really focused on in this call here, but it's another one of the initiatives. We have several things that we're working on to improve that part of the business as well. 
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens Inc. Your line is open.
Nicholas Zangler: Hey, guys. How's it going? This is Nick Zangler on for Rick. Congratulations to Katherine. Rick definitely sends his best in that regard. I wanted to just dig in a little bit on the Atlanta market quickly. The unit sales performance, obviously, double digits again. I'm curious if you'd be willing to share whether the spread or the lift, I guess, was maintained in this quarter versus last. Obviously, last quarter you implied double-digit comps. The total company did at 2.8%. Was that spread that we saw -- I mean, obviously, a 9.5% this quarter? Was the spread maintained within that market?
Bill Nash: Yes. Nick, what I would tell you is we talked about the double-digit comps last quarter; we have them again this quarter. They did increase a little bit even over last quarter. So, we feel really good about that.
Nicholas Zangler: Okay, great. And just your general thoughts on tariff implications on demand for used vehicle unit sales. You believe that this could potentially be even a tailwind as used vehicles are perceived to be more affordable going forward. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes, it's hard to tell at this point, Nick. You probably know as much as we do. That's one that we'll stay close to. Obviously, we're a little bit less reliant on anything coming in from outside of the states. So, theoretically, you would think that's a good thing, but it's too early. I don't know. I don't know the answer to that.
Nicholas Zangler: Great. Thank you very much guys.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Murphy: Good morning guys and congrats Katharine. We look forward to staying in touch. Just -- maybe just one question and it's kind of got slightly two parts. But if we think about what's going on with the CECs in your omnichannel efforts here, Bill, it appears that the business will get more asset-light over time and you might need less stores to cover areas and your current stores might become that much more productive. As you think about sort of the future, I mean, not just this quarter but the future, I mean, how far do you think you can go with these CECs into new markets without maybe a physical presence or a physical presence that may be significantly lower than it has been in the past? And then also, when you think about GPUs in this new world order, can GPUs maybe be significantly lower because the asset intensity might be that much lower and you may still put up the same returns or even much better returns over time?
Bill Nash: Yes. So John, the way I think about it, first of all, we feel like -- and I said this in my earlier remarks, we feel like we have a huge competitive advantage with the infrastructure that we've built over the last 25 years. We think our stores are a huge benefit that will allow us to do this omnichannel experience. Now to your question, how do we think about the future and how do we think about physical store growth in the future? We want to continue to grow sales and we want to continue to gain market share and I think it's going to be a combination of adding some additional stores, but it's also going to be leveraging our existing footprint and reaching customers in ways that we haven't been able to reach in the past. And if that means that we get really good at servicing customers that we couldn't service before and it ends up -- if you look at the runway of stores, we have plenty of growth for physical stores. But if you -- if a few stores at the end of that runway get lopped off because we're reaching more customers out of the existing infrastructure, we'd be thrilled with that. So, -- but I do think it's still going to be a combination of the two. As far as the GPU goes, for us, omni rollout and the omni experience is a separate, distinct decision versus GPU and what we charge customers. We don't think that the two are necessarily related. And at this point, we would -- we don't think that there's any reason why we can't continue to progress the omni experience and still maintain our GPUs, but those are two different decision points.
John Murphy: But there's no early read of saying, hey, maybe this that Atlanta rollout that we've seen so far and what's going on in Florida, we might be able to reach 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%, 50% more customers because of this omnichannel approach. And I would certainly never suggest that you're existing stores are stranded asset, that's -- I think that's silly. I think they're still going to be very productive. But I mean as you go forward, could you -- I mean, would you think about opening material-less stores? I mean it just seems like that's a real opportunity here that you will still use your physical footprint but you may be able to be much more efficient. Is there any early read in what that might be?
Bill Nash: Yes. No, it's way too early to know what kind of lift we can get out of our existing infrastructure. But keep in mind; we only have 206 stores at this point. They're all strategically located. We have some areas where we have holes; it would be beneficial to have stores. So, again, I go back to it's going to be a combination, and we'll see how much of a lift we can get by being able to continue to improve the omni experience.
John Murphy: Great. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot. Good morning and congrats Katharine, we'll miss you. My question is around free transfers. You talked about that being a driver of improved sales in Atlanta. Can you talk about how many free transfers increased in the quarter on a year-over-year basis, for example and whether or not you're rolling out additional free transfers to other markets?
Bill Nash: Yes. Free transfers, while we opened it up, it's just not that significant of a factor. And as we roll forward in new markets, we'll make a decision within each market that we roll out. It's not necessarily a play that we'll do every single place.
Seth Basham: Got it. And then as a follow-up, thinking about the very wide new to used car spread that we're seeing right now, how much do you think that boosted comps? And do you think it's sustainable?
Bill Nash: Well, our data shows -- I think you said very wide, I mean, it's improving. I think we saw some improvement in the latter part of the fourth quarter. I think that improvement has continued. But I would say it's certainly isn't at places where it's been in the past. So, while I think the trend is good, it's just -- I cited it as a thing because I do think it's improving, but again, I don't -- it's just one of the many factors.
Seth Basham: Thanks.
Bill Nash: Thanks Seth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe research. Your line is open.
Jacob Moser: Hey guys, it's actually Jake Moser on for Chris. Thanks for taking the question.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Jacob Moser: Good morning. So, I know you said it's a low percentage today, but I'm curious for more color on the uptake of home delivery in Atlanta and how that is trending and where you're think it might get to over time. And then for your recent launches in Florida, are you using the same home delivery process where you have effectively a mobile office with two employees?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, as far as home delivery, Jake, it's too early to tell where we think that can go over time. We'll continue to monitor that, but we really don't have any detail update at this point. As far as the home delivery process, the one difference in Florida versus the Atlanta, in Atlanta, we went in with a separate home delivery team. In Florida, we're leveraging -- and as we roll forward, we're going to leverage the existing store associates. We have a new position in the stores, and they'll be responsible for home deliveries as well as express pickups. And just as a reminder, express pickup allows a customer to do everything online, essentially, but still come into the store, take a test drive, learn about the options, that kind of thing. We've done some of those in less than 30 minutes, especially when the customer doesn't really want to do the test drive but just learn about the options. And so those folks will be the ones that handle that. As far as going out, yes, at this point, we still have two associates that will go out. One has the mobile appraisal office -- I mean, the mobile business office, the other will take the inventory unit that the customer is interested in.
Jacob Moser: All right. Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. I know we had a really awesome quarter here, so I actually want to look at it the other way and just say what, as a management team, are you guys maybe not satisfied with? Or what are you pushing people internally when you address people at the store level or the corporate level? What could you guys actually be doing better right now?
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, first of all, the store team is doing a phenomenal job. If you think about all the change that we're going through as an organization, it really does impact every single associate, and the store teams have risen to the occasion. They're excited about it. They're glad that we're continuing to evolve. They're glad we're continuing to meet the business. And so we feel really good about that. Now, I think we have lots of opportunity as we continue to roll this out. We still have a lot of inefficiencies here and we've talked about that in the past, some of them are by design and some of them are just because we've opened up new capabilities. And so what we're excited about, our first push is really get this omni experience out to our consumers. But equally important is it's got to be a great experience for the customers, it's got to be a great experience for our associates. We want to make it as profitable as possible. We want to have the most efficient system available. So there's lots of things that we're focused on with the overall long-term growth to continue to grow sales and market share. So, to be honest with you, I feel great about where we are and I feel great about the opportunities that we have to continue to improve it.
David Whiston: Thanks. And just one follow-up there on your comment. When you said a lot of inefficiencies, were you referring to the whole enterprise or the omnichannel rollout?
Bill Nash: Well, I think the efficiencies that -- the inefficiencies I talked to are specifically about omnichannel. But I think we have opportunities to continue to look for waste in other parts of the organization. We're never content to kind of be settled with where we are. We continue to push on SG&A, looking for efficiencies there. We continue to look for efficiencies in our reconditioning process. We look for efficiencies in buying logistics. So, I think there's opportunity throughout the whole organization, but I was speaking earlier specifically to the inefficiencies in omni.
David Whiston: Okay. Thanks. And Katharine, congratulations.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Thanks guys. Just following Katharine's rule about one question here, so back in the queue. Will, we know there was some debate in the marketplace last quarter regarding what the two-year stack was in Atlanta. So, I guess I was hoping now that we're back in a public forum, if you can help us understand what you've seen on two-year stack basis in Atlanta, specifically where you have the omnichannel rollout, of course, both last quarter and then in this quarter? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes. Scot, first of all, thanks for getting back in the queue. You just made Katharine smile on her last earnings call that you actually followed the rules. Yes, so this quarter, positive two-year stacks just like last quarter. I don't think we talked about it last quarter, but we had positive two-year stacks last quarter as well.
Scot Ciccarelli: Can you tell us whether this quarter was higher or lower than what you saw in 4Q?
Bill Nash: This quarter was higher.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Thanks. And my goal is always is to make Katherine happy. So, there you go.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Scot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks. One follow-up question for me. It's just around CAF. Obviously, you experienced some higher than expected loan losses in the quarter. We've noticed some deterioration in trends for selling more recent securitizations. In response to that trend, did you plan on tightening terms for any of your loans? Did you do that this quarter with the lower penetration rate? Or how are you thinking about that going forward? Thank you.
Tom Reedy: Yes, the penetration rate this quarter was purely a result of the mix coming through the door. And as I mentioned, the allowanced as it is, is quite a comfortable spot. Obviously, it represents our best estimate of what future losses will be. And so losses trend to that rate. We're very comfortable that we're still originating a highly financeable, highly profitable portfolio, so I wouldn't foresee any changes. Obviously, caveat that with the future is the future and we'll continue to monitor it and adjust as appropriate to the extent it is. But at this point, we're very comfortable.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I turn the conference back over to our presenters.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Tiffany. Listen, I'm sure you can tell from our comments today, we're proud of our results and what we're working on. We're excited about the future. The results we discussed today and this goes back to one of the questions that was asked, the results of today are really the product of our associates. It's their hard work, dedication to an exceptional customer experience, desire to innovate and their unwavering commitment to our values, that's the reason we're successful. And so to all of our associates, thank you for what you do every day. It's absolutely an honor to work side-by-side with you. And for those of you on the call, thank you for your interest. Thank you for your continued support of CarMax, and we will talk again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-03-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kim, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2019 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Thanks, Kim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2019 fourth quarter earnings conference call. I'm here with Bill Nash, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive VP and CFO. Let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2018, filed with the SEC. Thank you in advance for asking one question, as usual, and getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Katharine. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, I'll start with the fourth quarter highlights. After that, I'll turn the call over to Tom and he will discuss SG&A, investments in consumer finance, and then I'll share an overall update on our omni-channel rollout, which has been very well received, and then, as always, I'll open it for your questions. Starting with the fourth quarter results, I'd like to reiterate what I said in the earnings release. We are pleased with our double-digit pretax earnings growth, even after adjusting for the discretionary bonus we paid last year to eligible associates. We achieved this in the midst of continued investments in our business and our associates. This is a testament to the strength of our diversified business model and ongoing focus on operational efficiencies. Used unit comps grew by 2.8%, compared to a negative 8% in the prior year's fourth quarter. They were driven by strong conversion, partially offset by lower store traffic. While we were pleased to report positive comps this quarter, we believe they were affected by delays in the February tax refunds relative to last year, continued higher acquisition prices, and a robust competitive environment. Total used units grew by 5.6%. As you know, we track market share data on a calendar year basis, and report it once a year in the fourth quarter. Our data indicates that our share of zero to 10-year-old vehicles in our current comp markets fell from approximately 4.5% in 2017, to 4.4% in 2018. While this is disappointing, the decrease in share occurred earlier in the year and started to reverse in the second-half of the year when we saw share gains.  This year's decrease was in comparison to an almost 7% growth in comp market share in calendar year 2017, which was our largest increase in four years. Our website traffic grew in the fourth quarter by 13%. Our retail gross profit per used unit remains stable at $2166 compared to $2,147 last year. As we've shared in the past, there are two primary factors that impact our decisions around gross profit per unit. The first is ensuring that our prices are competitive in the marketplace. Second, we focus on optimizing total gross profit dollars by balancing margin per vehicle and unit sales. We are confident in our price competitiveness, but as always, we will continue to monitor and test pricing elasticity. Wholesale units grew by 3.7% compared to last year's fourth quarter, and gross profit per wholesale unit grew to $977 this quarter, compared to $946 in the prior year period. Other gross profit was a strong contributor to the quarter, increasing by almost 42% or $32 million. As we mentioned earlier this year, we secured provider cost decreases related to EPP revenues. We used a portion of these funds to improve the margins, and the remainder to selectively reduce prices which drove increased penetration. Service margin benefited from comp sales growth as we were able to leverage service overhead, and third-party finance fees benefited from the shift in our sales mix by finance channel. This explains the majority of the increase. The remainder relates to a positive adjustment to our EPP cancellation reserve as a result of our annual model update, and a discretionary bonus of approximately $4 million that we paid to our service department associates in last year's fourth quarter. Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me discuss our sales mix and store openings. As a percentage of our sales, zero to four year old vehicles decreased to about 72% versus 76% in the fourth quarter of last year, and 77% in the third quarter. Total SUVs and trucks accounted for about 46% of our sales up from 43% this time last year. During the fourth quarter, we opened five stores, which included three stores in new television markets, Buffalo, Montgomery, Alabama, and New Orleans. We also opened stores in our existing television markets of Orlando and Portland, Oregon. During the first quarter of fiscal ‘20, we plan to open three stores one of which we opened earlier this week and represents our second store in the Memphis market. We will also open two stores in Texas, which are new markets, Waco and McAllen. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone. On SG&A, expenses for the quarter increased 5% to $429 million. Factors increasing SG&A expense in the fourth quarter included the opening of 19 stores since the beginning of the fourth quarter of last year, which represents a 10% growth on our store base. Our continued investment in technology platforms and digital initiatives, and an increase of 33.9 million or $19 per unit related to share-based compensation expense. SG&A per unit was 2,380, a $17 decrease year-over-year. We are pleased to show SG&A leverage as it demonstrates that we are able to offset some of the growth in spend with efficiencies and staffing optimization. I'll remind you that within the comp and benefits line, prior year amount included roughly $4 million of the discretionary annual bonus that was paid to eligible associates last year. Also the timing of our advertising spend last year was weighted towards the end of year, which accounts for the relative lack of growth in advertising dollars this fourth quarter. We continue to invest in three primary areas, our associates, our legacy systems, and our digital initiatives. For associates, this includes a variety of wage adjustments and healthcare plan enhancements. Our associates are vital to our success, and maintaining a very competitive compensation and benefits program is key to attracting and retaining the best talent. In order to execute our omni-channel vision we must continue to upgrade our legacy operating systems. While this spending won't offer short-term return it is critical to our future competitive position. We will also continue to invest in digital initiatives. We are developing and implementing tools that help our associates be more efficient and effective. In addition, we continue to introduce online enhancements to improve the customer experience. Now moving over to CapEx, we expect to spend 350 million for fiscal 2020 that's roughly $50 million above FY 2019 and the spend includes a shift in some spending originally planned for fiscal 2019. The 13 FY 2020 stores plus planned acquisition for future openings and three customer experience centers. Looking out to fiscal 2021, we are in a position to open a similar number of stores as we are targeted in the last few years. However, our business model is clearly evolving and we will continue to evaluate both the number and type of locations we need going forward. Finally, we plan to support shareholder returns by continuing to invest in our capital structure. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 4.4 million shares for $270 million. For the full year, we returned 903 million buying back 13.6 million shares compared to about 9 million in FY 2018. While maybe stating the obvious the return on this investment shows up in the difference between net income growth and EPS growth roughly 6.5 percentage points for the fiscal year. We have over $2 billion remaining in our current stock repurchase authorization. Now moving to capital and financing results. Our third-party lending partners continued their strong performance. Tier 2 executed especially well year-over-year accounting for 19.5% of used unit sales compared with 15.4% last year, while Tier 3 represented 10.7% of sales compared to 11.7% last year. Their performance is measured by sales applications continues to be very solid. CAF penetration net of three-day payoffs was 42.1%, down marginally from last year's fourth quarter. CAF net loans originated in the quarter grew by 4.5% to $1.5 billion. The modest decline in penetration slightly offset our sales growth and the small increase in average amount financed. Capping up, income increased $2.6 million to $104 million. This was result of the growth in average managed receivables partially offset by the continued slight compression in portfolio interest margin. Total portfolio interest margin was 5.5% of average managed receivables compared to 5.6% in both the fourth quarter of last year and this year's third quarter. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 8.7% versus 7.9% a year-ago and 8.5% in this year's third quarter.  A provision for loan losses at $42 million grew in line with the portfolio and the allowance for loan losses was 1.10% of any managed receivables consistent with both last year's fourth quarter and with the third quarter. Now I will turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Tom. As you all know we've been laying the groundwork and building towards the development of a new experience for the past couple of years. To launch it successfully, we took a number of steps including forming our product organization, upgrading our technology and then leveraging these to construct new digital capabilities and online consumer experience offering. These investments are essential to our vision for the future. Spending for FY 2020 like in FY 2019 will represent a step up in investment. So we believe we will acquire comps in the range of 5% to 8% to leverage SG&A similar to our thinking for FY 2019. We expect the amount of growth in the spending to slow in FY 2021 and taper after that. We will continue to look for opportunities to reduce ways and reprioritize spend which contributed to our ability to leverage this fourth quarter. Now let me talk a little bit more about Atlanta and our omni-channel rollout. Please remember that Atlanta is one market and we've only had a few months of experience to evaluate. With that said, we are very pleased with our performance. In conjunction with the launch of omni-channel, we introduced a number of other elements including increased free transfers, a new Web site, a new advertising campaign and pricing test. In the fourth quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in both comp sales and appraisal. This increase was beyond what we would have expected to gain. We are also pleased with the high conversion on home delivery sales although it represents a very small percentage of overall sales at this point. In comparison to our stores in the Atlanta market, our home delivery finance penetration is similar while MaxCare penetration is little lower. Keep in mind, I normally don't give market specific details nor do I plan to change this practice going forward. But given the interest in this new initiative I wanted to give a little more context. We also know that we will be less efficient in some of our operations in the near term as we roll out the omni-channel experience. Some of these inefficiencies are by design and some are simply those related to starting up a new capability. As a result, our sales in the Atlanta market are a little less profitable per unit compared with other markets at this point. We do believe that we will be able to improve on this as we continue to roll out omni-channel and as our consumer experience mature. We also believe this unique experience could be more efficient than our current model. We have a strong track record of operational excellence and we are confident in our ability to optimize. Most importantly, after seeing the results so far in Atlanta, we are even more confident that this is the right direction. We believe that the omni-channel experience will be one of the key levers that helps drive comp sales and market share growth going forward. Now, let me let me talk about the next steps. This fiscal year we expect to open three CECs or Customer Experience Centers across the U.S., each will have an average staff of 300 associates and will serve multiple states. Our experience in Atlanta suggests that we will be able to offset these additional associates with a reduction in sales consultants in omni-channel stores which will be realized through normal attrition. So first CECs will be in Atlanta and we'll open early in the second quarter as it supports the next phase of our omni rollout, which will include Florida stores. We also expect to open the second CEC site in Kansas City later in the second quarter, and we are currently working on the third site. As we previously said, we plan to bring the omni-channel experience to the majority of our customers by February, 2020. As I've often talked to you about before, we are leveraging the strengths of the CarMax model that we've built over the last 25 years to deliver this new experience. Strengths that include our skilled and knowledgeable associates, our national footprint and transportation infrastructure, our inventory scale and merchandising capabilities, our continued investment in technology and digital capability, and our industry-leading brand. These strengths are not only critical, but essential to delivering an omni experience, an experience that's tailored to every single customer. An experience that is unmatched and we believe will be the future of car buying. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions. Kim?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair. Your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Sharon.
Sharon Zackfia: Thanks for the color on Atlanta. I guess just a multifaceted question to keep in line with Katharine's rules around Atlanta. Could you give us some color on what the comp trend was before omni-channel? So, it's helpful to hear about the double digits, but I don't know if Atlanta was like similar to the overall company prior to that, just so we can understand the amount of improvement you saw when omni-channel rolled out. And then secondly, could you give a little bit more color around that discussion about Atlanta being a little bit less profitable on a per car basis. Are you talking just gross profit per car or all-in on a per car basis? And ultimately, do you think omni-channel is similar to your current model in terms of profitability?
Bill Nash: Sharon, you're really pushing Katharine's…
Sharon Zackfia: Well, she's retiring soon, so.
Bill Nash: Let me talk about the comps. First of all, I'm not going to go into any real detail on the comps, but I'll give you a little color, in that we have a control group obviously that we look at. And we're very pleased with the lift that we saw beyond the control group. As far as the profitability, when I talked a little less profitable, that is all-in, so that's looking at SG&A, that's looking at margin. Truthfully, on the SG&A pressures, as I addressed in my opening script, we feel like we can at least offset those, and we feel like this model could be more efficient. And as far as any type of margin pressures, those are two different, whether you roll omni out and have decided to do something different margin, those aren't dependant one on -- or the other.
Sharon Zackfia: Yes, thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Nagel: Nice quarter as always. I want to follow-up on Sharon's questions, I'll try to put mine all under one as well. But with regard to Atlanta and that double-digit comp, can you talk about what, of all the facets, if you will, of the omni-channel effort in Atlanta, were you able to isolate what are the most important facets that's helping to drive that comp? And to what extent is that improvement in sales reflective of you speaking to or connecting with potentially a new customer for CarMax?
Bill Nash: Yes, so Brian, the different facets, when we implement, for example, advertising or we do something different on free transfers, we know kind of what we would expect to see. We have some expectations of what we would see. And when you look at each one of those individually, add it up, we saw a lift beyond what we would normally expect to see. So, I think that's something when you look at the sum of the parts it's more than any individual component. And what was the second part?
Brian Nagel: I'm sorry. With regard to is it a new customer, is it just helping to drive that comp, is it a customer that maybe CarMax in the past would not have connected with?
Bill Nash: Yes, at this point it's hard to tell. And the only thing I would say it we've seen some instances on home delivery that we probably are picking up some customers that maybe we wouldn't have because they physically couldn't have gotten into the store. But this experience is much more than just home delivery and I think it's a better experience for the customers.
Brian Nagel: Got it. Thanks.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison from Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Bill, you had mentioned that you had a modest share decline on the year. That's a bit of a surprise given you opened 10% more stores. What do you think caused you to struggle early in the year, and then what changed to reverse it?
Bill Nash: Well, hey, Craig. Just to clarify. I talk about comp growth, nationwide market share actually went up a little bit, but the comp markets went down a little bit. And as I said in my remarks, we saw those declines earlier in the year, and then we started to -- saw a reversal towards the latter half. And I think we've been in an unusual pricing environment the whole quarter, really starting off in the first quarter of this year. And different organizations manage through that differently. Some may give up margin for sales, for example, and our pricing elasticity tests wouldn't support that. The other thing is I just think that it's been a competitive environment overall. Look, this is a good business to be in. And I think the new cars are under a little bit of pressure. And so I think we have some new entrants, I think we have -- there's some more advertising. There's just more general noise overall in the marketplace. So, I think those are both contributing factors, especially early on as we saw different competitors pull different levers.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson from Stephens. Your line is open.
Rick Nelson: Thanks. So, Bill, can you talk about three CECs that you're going to roll out 300 associates per CEC. Are you going to be able to pull out a like number of associates out of the stores or how do you see that affecting expense?
Bill Nash: Sure. We absolutely expect to pull out a like number, at least a like number. Again, what we've seen so far in Atlanta, if you think about the way we staff a store currently, we staff it for what we call e-office shifts, shifts where people take phone calls and follow-up on e-leads. We no longer have to staff that. So, we will get to the appropriate staffing levels in each store through normal attrition. So we would expect to offset the store staffing with what we have in the CECs. And I think over time this will be a more efficient model, because if you think about it, we have more than 7,000 sales associates across the country. And we're currently asking them all to be part-time e-office sales associates. And some like it, some of them don't, some are good and some aren't so good. So, I think by leveraging folks that are very skilled at this, this is all they focus on, over time will give us even more leverage.
Rick Nelson: Great, thanks. And good luck.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Rick.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Beth Reed: Good morning. This is Beth Reed on for Scot. I wanted to ask about online marketplaces, like CarGurus. I know you guys have kind of indicated that changing up your merchandizing on these sites and better advertising your quality message could help improve the price perception, because in many cases it doesn't seem like you're getting the credit you should be getting for your reconditioning processes. So just wondering, one, how big of an impact do you think this is having on your sales? And then, two, any color you can give around specific initiatives, if any, and timeframe to improve your "Value ranking" on these listing sites would be helpful. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure, Beth. First of all, we feel good about our prices. That being said, we're always making sure that we've got a good price perception. We want to make sure that the customers understand the value of our cars. So there's really four focus areas that we're working on, one of which you alluded to. But first, we're focused more on the quality message and transparency on our Web site, and we're already doing this. As a matter of fact, we rolled out a new Web site nationwide at the latter part of the quarter. We're also focusing more on quality and transparency in our non-Web site advertising, so TV, banners, retargeting things like that. The third thing, which is what you alluded to, is we're working with third-party listing sites to get the credit for our quality standards and the reconditioning that we do. Most third-party Web sites, they don't factor any type of quality or condition into their algorithms. Or if they do, it's not on a consistent basis. So, I feel really good about all those things, we're making great progress. And it may be a factor, but I just don't think it's -- to your other question, I just don't think it's had a major impact on overall comps.
Beth Reed: Okay, thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Seth.
Seth Basham: Bill, can you just give us an update on what your internal research has shown in terms of the price perception out there of your cars relative to the industry? And then secondly, on your price test in Atlanta, and otherwise, what you're learning from those?
Bill Nash: Okay, the first part of your question on just the research, what our research would tell you for example on like a car groves, our most recent research would tell you that the majority of our cars are either fair, good, or great and that's without any -- at this point without any credit for the quality. I am sorry, what was the second for your question?
Seth Basham: The pricing tests?
Bill Nash: Oh yes, the pricing tests that I noted, that's part of our normal pricing tests that we do all time. Look, we can drive more sales absolutely just by lowering our prices, but again is that balance of optimizing our total gross profit, total gross profit dollars while also making sure that were competitive in the marketplace and competitive in the marketplace doesn't mean on short-term periods like quarter to quarter. We're looking for structural changes where we may not be competitive we just haven't seen that so we feel really good about where we are in price and what we're seeing on our pricing test as far as normal elasticity.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Armintas Sinkevicius from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I was curious about how much you had spent on marketing in Atlanta and how you plan – how much you plan to spend going forward. And then just separately any comments on the phasing of the launches for the omni-channel initiative through the course of this year?
Bill Nash: Okay so marketing in Atlanta, Atlanta is what we call high awareness market. If you think about we spent is in conjunction with this it would have been normal to like a geo proven to be going into Atlanta. Which is a step up obviously then what we are paying going forward as far as what will spend in additional market every market is going to be a little bit different because it depends on the awareness of what we were previously spending there. As far as the phases of rollout like I said, we will get the second CEC opened early in the second quarter and in conjunction with that we will start rolling out two additional stores with Florida stores being first. Beyond that we'll update you next quarter the cadence of the other stores the stores we already did by the end of the quarter as well as the future stores.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay, and just so I am clear that the marketing you've been spending at Atlanta, does that amount to essentially what you're planning to spend on a run rate basis or will that step up as you sort of work through maybe the various kinks with all of the Web site and the market et cetera?
Bill Nash: No I think you should think about a more holistically as part how much we spend in advertising on a per-unit basis. And if you look at year-over-year I would expect FY 2020 -- there maybe a little bit of an increase in the per unit advertising expense overall because we do want to support our omni-channel rollout. So I would expect a little on a per unit basis going forward.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy from Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
John Murphy: Just wanted to touch on one stat just to make sure had these number straight Bill. I think you mentioned the zero to four portion of your sales was down at 72% versus 76% last year and 77% in the third quarter. I just want to make sure I have that right and if we think below that sort of what the percentages are, and really as you look at the market I mean as vehicle quality has improved so dramatically in the last decade. Could you consider going down a little bit further in the age spectrum because the quality of the vehicle is going to be still really what you want to deliver to the customer nearly new used vehicle. And just really sort of tip of the iceberg might be much, much larger for you over time as you down age spectrum?
Bill Nash: John, you do have those percentages right, the 72 versus the 76. And look the beauty of this business model as we can sell what the customers are looking for. And this quarter we saw consumers that were interested in a little bit older vehicle. I think part of that is because of the pricing. Keep in mind we're lapping if you look at year-over-year this fourth quarter versus last year's fourth quarter. We have the largest step up in mixed adjusted acquisition price its more than $500. If you look at the quarter this year, we still had a little bit of an incremental bump up on that one that we had last year. So prices are still expenses so I think what you're seeing is probably people just from affordability standpoint moving down. But you're obviously right we'll be able to secure vehicles and sell them if that's what consumers are looking for.
John Murphy: Bill, just to want follow-up, I mean is the beauty of that, that you know that you might be able to have lower acquisition prices in the future with this high-quality product and still have the same dollar grosses and have a much more capital efficient business model?
Bill Nash: Well, if we would -- if we continue to have older vehicles, our overall average selling price, you're absolutely right, would go down.
John Murphy: And grocers which stay about the same, right, just based on your focus, and what…
Bill Nash: Absolutely.
John Murphy: Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston from Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
David Whiston: Just question with new vehicle sales coming down, is that all positive for you right now is it greatly helping you do two more awfully supply and more budget conscious consumers you were just talking about? Or do you think also consumer confidence is down marginally versus a year ago?
Bill Nash: No, I think. I mean, if I look at the new car, I think it's been a pretty, pretty flat year for overall new car sales. I think we've proven that in years where it goes up a little bit, years where it goes down a little bit, we've been able to have success on both sides of that. And as far as I can tell, consumer confidence is still very, is still very strong.
David Whiston: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Given the comparisons on a tier basis to the Atlanta's comp performance outperform the rest of the surveys by a similar amount as it is on a one-year basis. Then I guess, thinking through that, is there any other reasons why investors shouldn't extrapolate Atlanta's comp trend to the rest of the store base given your intentions to roll it out to all stores this year? Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes, Chris. Atlanta is one market and every single market is going to perform differently and the reason I say that is because we have experienced a lot of different markets and you just look at the core business each market performs a little differently, so I don't think you can extrapolate what we see in this market versus what we're going to see in other markets which is why I say, "Hey, remember this is this is only one market." And again, on the double-digit comp increase, we feel really good about that, we feel like it's a lift to bubble, we expected when we also compared to the control group. So we -- and it's not all due to omni, as I, said earlier is there's a lot of different elements playing into that.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay. And then just quickly, if you're able to -- well, I'll hop back and want to recap just real, I'll hop back in. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Seth Sigman from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Seth Sigman: Thanks. Hey, guys. I wanted to follow up on the expense growth. So the 5% to 8% comps you need to leverage SG&A, I guess you said that similar to 2018, you also discussed being less efficient in the short-term, right? so how do I reconcile those two and if there are some levers that may be limit the negative impact from the investments, can you just sort of help us understand that? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes, I think that you know the guys on the five-day was really to help clarify a little bit of what we are saying because we were saying high mid-single digit. We put a little range on there and I think we put the range on because it just somewhat depends on how much we get done and then also how much we can continue to offset through re-privatization and savings.
Seth Sigman: Okay, I'll hop back in. Hold on. Well I mean may be on the same point if you could give us a sense of the timeline of the investments throughout the year to the extent you can particularly with the CC is rolling out in the second quarter just how do we think about the cadence of maybe expense growth throughout the year.
Bill Nash: Yes, it's -- I'm not going to give any guidance on how I think it's you know. We just have to wait and see, it's going to be distributed throughout the year, as I said, well, there is going to be some additional expense. They're going to be some in the second quarter; you're picking up some there. So I think you got to think about it on the whole year because there could be a little timing from one quarter to the, to the next quarter.
Seth Sigman: Okay, thanks.
Bill Nash: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking the question. So it's quick question, you -- can you may just walk us through what it takes to convert an omni-channel market, I think you're in three markets today. My guess is you'll probably plan to get to 100 to 200 markets over the year in February. Maybe you can just walk us through kind of like what it takes to actually take your legacy store model and convert it to omni-channel like what are the -- what are the technology steps, the training steps or whatever else it takes to convert the market, it would be helpful? Thank you.
Bill Nash: Okay. First of all, Chris, thanks for getting back in line for the second question. Listen, on the omni, there's two big things that have to be accomplished. I mean, we've been setting the groundwork. As I said in my opening remarks from a technology standpoint, that kind of thing, but in addition to that, we have to get our customer experience centers open, because obviously, that's a critical part of the whole omni-channel experience. So that's one of the things that we have to continue to work through, we feel good about the plan, we feel very strong about our ability to get to what we've learned out there, which is by February next year having this offer to the majority of our customers. The other thing is that there is this, we've got 25,000 associates, and as Tom talked about earlier, they are the key differentiators for us. So this is going to be obviously a big change for them. They're excited about it. And they have been super helpful as in helping us figure this out, as we've rolled it out, what we have today is better than what we had, and when we first rolled out in Atlanta, and that will continue to improve as we go forward. But we have to make sure that they understand, there's a lot of change management and what does it mean for them and how it's going to impact them and give the ability, give them the ability to adjust for that change. So those are the big things in addition to a lot of the groundwork that we've been laying and just everybody is clear. This is an iterative process. This omni-channel experience is an experience that can be every customer that's out there, it's not meant for one segment versus another segment, it's -- we should be able to serve every single customer and give them an unbelievable experience. And that requires a lot of things that we already have. So for example, the importance of our store, I can't overstate how important is that we have a physical presence, and that we continue to have a physical presence, and increase that physical presence because as we go forward, so we're leveraging a lot of things that we that we already have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ali Faghri from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Ali Faghri: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question, just on the tax refunds, you called it out as a headwind in the fourth quarter based on your historical experience. You expect to get some of those loss volumes back in the first quarter as those refund levels normalize?
Bill Nash: Yes. So the way I think about that is the same way I think about whether it's a timing and generally will, will work itself back out. And as I look at February, I think probably by our best estimate, there was about seven about a week that we didn't see a tax refund benefits, just because they were delayed and coming out really until the last part of the quarter.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back to Bill Nash.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. Listen, thank you all for joining the call today. I really appreciate your support and your interest in CarMax. I also got to thank our more than 25,000 associates. Tom has talked about this, I've talked about it, they are the true differentiator for CarMax. Our associates are the ones that are bringing this new customer experience to life. I want to thank you all for what you do every single day, and we will talk again at the end of next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2018-12-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Vice President, Investor Relations Bill Nash - President and Chief Executive Officer Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Craig Kennison - Baird Seth Basham - Wedbush Michael Montani - MoffettNathanson James Albertine - Consumer Edge Aileen Smith - BofA Merrill Lynch John Healy - Northcoast Research Rick Nelson - Stephens Seth Sigman - Credit Suisse Armintas Sinkevicius - Morgan Stanley Colin Ducharme - Sterling Capital David Whiston - Morningstar Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fiscal Year 2019 Third Quarter CarMax Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Thanks you, Amy, and good morning, everyone. Happy holidays. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2019 third quarter earnings conference call. I’m here today with Bill Nash, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2018, filed with the SEC. Lastly, let me thank you in advance for asking one question getting back in the queue for more follow-ups. Bill?
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Katharine, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, used unit comps fell by 1.2% compared to a positive 2.7% in the prior quarter. This is driven by lower traffic largely offset by better conversions. Total used units grew by 2.3%. We are pleased to report a 10% increase in pre-tax income. This is a testament to the strength of our diversified business model. While we are disappointed to report negative comps in the quarter, they were materially affected by the dynamics in the six Houston-area stores following Hurricane Harvey. Remember, the hurricane positively impacted our results in the third quarter of last fiscal year. If we exclude the impact of the Houston market this quarter, the company experienced positive comps of 2.3%. Our website traffic grew in the third quarter by 17%. On average, we saw a volume of about 20 million visits per month. Our retail gross profit per used unit remains stable at $21.33 compared to $21.48 last year. Once again, we had a strong wholesale quarter with units up 10% compared to last year’s third quarter. This was a result of the growth in our store base, and an increase in our buy rate. Our gross profit per wholesale unit was similar year-over-year, $949 this quarter compared to $933 in the prior year period. Other gross profit increased by over 16%, again, driven by higher EPP revenue and improvement in our third-party finance fees. EPP revenue is expanded by 11%, primarily as a result of provider cost decreases that we discussed previously. During the quarter, we did not recognize any additional extended service plan revenue associated with the new accounting standards. Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me cover our sales mix and SG&A expense. As a percentage of our sales, zero to four-year-old vehicles decreased to about 77% versus 81% in the third quarter of last year, but were similar to the second quarter. Total SUVs and trucks accounted for about 45% of our sales, up from 42% this time last year. On SG&A, expenses for the quarter increased 2.5% to $410 million or a year-over-year of $5 per unit. Several factors impacted SG&A expense, including our continued investment in technology platforms and digital initiatives and the opening of 19 stores since the beginning of third quarter of last year, which represents an 11% growth in our store base. These are partially offset by a decrease of $7 million or $42 per unit related to share-based compensation expense. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thank you, Bill, and good morning to everyone. During the quarter, we saw slight decline in year-over-year credit applications. Our Tier 2 lenders continued to deliver strong performance accounting for 18.3% of used unit sales compared with 15.4% last year. Q3 penetration was 9.3% compared to 10.8% last year. During the quarter, we made some changes to the routing of Tier 3 apps. An overall conversion of these applications, which is how we judge performance, ended up in line with last year's third quarter. CAF penetration net of three-day payoffs was consistent with last year’s third quarter at 44%. Our net loans originated in the quarter grew by 3.4% to $1.5 billion due to our sales growth and the increase in the average amount financed. CAF income increased 6.7% to $110 million. This was a result of the 8.4% growth in average managed receivables, partially offset by the continued slight compression in portfolio interest margin. Total portfolio interest margin was 5.6% of average managed receivables compared to 5.7% in both the third quarter of last year and this year's second quarter. The provision for loan losses was $41 million compared to $38 million in last year's third quarter. This increase is in line with our growth in average managed receivables. Our loans originated during the quarter. The weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 8.5% versus 7.7% a year ago. And this number was consistent again with the second quarter. The allowance for loan losses was 1.12% of any managed receivables similar to last quarter and to last year's third quarter as well. Lastly, I'll touch on capital structure. During the third quarter, we repurchased 3.7 million shares for $254 million. And as you may have seen in the 8-K we filed in October, CarMax's Board of Directors also authorize a $2 billion expansion in the current repurchase program. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Tom. During the third quarter, we opened four stores in new markets for CarMax, Wilmington, North Carolina; Lafayette, Louisiana; Corpus Christi, Texas; and Shreveport, Louisiana. In the fourth quarter, we plan to open another five stores. Two stores open earlier in December, one in Buffalo, which is the new market, and one in Melbourne, Florida, which we opened this week. This is our fourth store in the Orlando market, and our 200th store overall. Later in the fourth quarter, we will open two more stores in new markets, Montgomery, Alabama; and New Orleans. We will also open our third store in the Portland, Oregon market. Early this month, we announced the launch of our new omni-channel experience in the Atlanta market. Atlanta is our oldest large market and has a high CarMax brand awareness and market share. In addition, we see an opportunity to reach more customers within the perimeter of the city by offering alternative vehicle delivery options. Our extensive testing and research has shown us that customers' expectations are changing. Buying a car is still a complex process, and customers are looking for an experience that give them more control and independence in buying and selling a car. However, they also want advice and guidance at any point in the journey. That is why we've developed the omni-channel experience that delivers upon this unmet customer need. The launch in Atlanta provides an experience that is flexible, convenient and fully personalized. In addition to our great in-store experience, customers can complete some or all the car buying process from home, including finance, appraisal, and paperwork. They can have their vehicle delivered directly to home or work and test drive before buying. There's no requirement for customers to purchase prior to having the vehicle delivered. Customers can also receive help from informed CarMax consultants both in-person at our stores or through our customer experience center via phone, text or e-mail. Last quarter, we shared that we opened our first center in Raleigh that now supports our Atlanta area customers. Consultants in the center are available to help customers find their ideal vehicle, navigate financing and provide any support needed until they are ready to either go to the store for pickup or schedule a home delivery. We also introduced a new express pickup option at all Atlanta-area locations giving the customer the ability to save time by completing most of the process online and then finalizing their purchase at the store in as little as 30 minutes. In December, we opened our first standalone CarMax Express in Atlanta, which serves as an additional convenient location for test drives, appraisals and express pickup of vehicle purchases. Finally, we launched a completely new website experience for Atlanta. The new online experience provides a modern and fresh brand look and includes enhanced, simplicity and flexibility for shopping and buying that easily transitions to a home delivery or in-store experience. We are excited to put the customer in the driver's seat. This experience is a unique and powerful integration of our own in-store and online capabilities. Keep in mind, we will continue to improve both the customer and associate experience in Atlanta and use these learnings to inform how we rollout into other markets. As we previously announced, we anticipate having the omni-channel experience available to the majority of our customers by February 2020. To expand omni-channel, we anticipate opening additional customer experience centers. We're currently in the process of planning the next locations, while taking state regulations into consideration. In terms of cost implications, we will continue to invest, but still expect to leverage SG&A at the upper end of a mid-single digit comp range. While there are incremental costs and inefficiencies in the near term, we've also identified potential cost savings through process changes and other improvements that can help offset these expenses over time. We believe that no other company is in a better position to deliver the best experience efficiently and profitably. While it is early, we are pleased with the feedback on omni-channel from both our customers and associates, has been very positive, and that the experience is highly representative of the CarMax brand. Let me remind you, we got into this industry in 1993 in order to provide an exceptional customer experience. We have never wavered from this commitment, which is why we've led the industry for more than 25 years. It is absolutely a part of our DNA. We believe we have a clear advantage to continue to lead the automotive industry and delivering a truly integrated and seamless experience both online and in-store. This advantage is enabled by continuing to leverage our strengths, including our skilled and knowledgeable associates, our national footprint and transportation infrastructure, our inventory scale and merchandising capabilities, our continued investment in technology and digital capabilities and our industry leading brand. All of these factors combined will allow us to deliver an unmatched experience that we believe will be the future of car buying. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: At this time we'll be conducting our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Brian, your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Congrats on the launch in Atlanta.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Brian Nagel: So I wanted to ask my one question. I just wanted to focus on the comps trend. And you gave us a nice color there with regard to the impact of the Huston boost last year. So the question I have is -- the one when we look at Huston, could you help us understand better when that happened? How that -- when that happened in the quarter? Was there also some type of benefit in the prior quarter? And then recognizing you don't give or provide guidance. But as we look into the fiscal fourth quarter, we're now cycling pass a negative eight. So how should we think about the trade rate a bit -- the trend of business against that negative eight. So is it as simple as that is now is a very easy comparison? Or is it something that other servicing corpse we should think about when modeling against that number? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes, Brian, let me first -- so let’s talk a little bit about Houston. So if you remember last year, in the third quarter, we did recognize and call out that the comps were driven by the performance in the Houston market. And truthfully, we feel like we did an unbelievable job leveraging our strengths, our infrastructure, our transportation network to get vehicles down there to customers that needed them. And we facilitated through reductions in transportation and a lot of free transfer. So that obviously gave us a boost last year. That’s why we -- and we called it out last year, we call it out again this year. I think one of the things I didn’t have in my opening remarks is that, I think it’s still interesting to notice. We’re still experiencing a very unusual pricing environment. And really, since the Hurricanes, prices have been elevated. And it's started in last year’s third quarter, if you remember. But even as recently this quarter that we just finished, there are some interesting pricing dynamics that in part of the quarter, we saw some flat to maybe a slight appreciation, which you normally don’t see this time of year. So I think there’s some pricing dynamics that are coming into play, which also impacts the new versus late model used car gap, which has been fairly consistent. It’s little bit up, little bit down. I would say from what we can tell is fairly consistent. So I think those factors are playing into what we’re seeing right now as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC. Scot, your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: So Bill, you guys are launching your digital strategy or omni-channel strategy in Atlanta. And I would think that should help level of point view [ph] again some of your online competitors. But how do you expect to improve CarMax's pricing or positioning from a value perspective through the marketplaces like CarGurus. I mean, they have -- CarGurus, if you look at them, they have something like 5.5 million vehicles on their site, lot of dealers are using them. And if you do a scan of kind of CarMax vehicles through CarGurus window, if you will, CarMax doesn’t show up as with a lot of great deals and good deals the way they segmented. And how do you guys plan to or do you plan to try and address that challenge, if you will?
Bill Nash: Okay. Scot, yes, let me first just talk a little bit about our pricing. I mean you follow us for a long time. We’re very focused on the price and how it compares to all the competitors. I mean, after all, you can’t sell more than 700,000 cars a year with uncompetitive prices. And we look at those pricing in a bunch of different ways with this mark-to-market versus competitors versus wholesale prices. And we’re constantly doing some pricing elasticity test. Now in regards to CarGurus, there’s lots of vehicle listing services out there. And I think those sites have made it easier for dealers to get their cars out there and view that. And I think they made it easier for consumers to search. Absolutely, they’ve done that. We use some of the listing services to complement our website, which is really kind of an economic exercise for us if that gives us the right ROI. The one thing on the listing site is they aren’t always good, maybe for research, for example, being able to compare the quality of the car. So I think that scenario where we can continue to make sure that we do a better job calling out not only the quality of our cars, but the value adds of the options that we have and change up our messing a little bit and change up our merchandising the way we have it on the website, and continue to work with the listing companies to help call out the quality because not every car on those listing sites -- they're all very different. And so -- at times it does make it difficult to compare because the quality of the car just may not be the same.
Scot Ciccarelli: So specifically, how do you plan to change that or change whether it's on the marketplace or like -- is it a pricing change? Is it some sort of messaging or marketing like, I guess I'm just curious in terms of broad picture, how do you plan to change it?
Bill Nash: Yes, as far as the pricing change, look, like I talked about earlier, we're looking at prices all time, we think we're very competitive. There's a lots been written about our pricing highlights to the competitors. And what I would encourage folks to do is if you go out and do the analysis and make sure that you truly do an apples-to-apples comparison, not just look at make model but look at make model trim with the options and mileage stands, what you'll find is that we're very competitive. In a lot of cases we beat competitors and in some cases we're less than competitors. And the difference that you're talking about is not that significant. But as far as getting that price perception out there, I think we can do at a combination of ways in both how we merchandise our vehicles on the website and calling attention to whether it's options that are on certain cars and what value that adds or reconditioning that we've done to the car was specific value-adds of what's been put into that car. So I think it's going to be also -- it also be a combination of how we advertise the quality message in addition to working with some of the listing agencies that we work with to figure out how to call it out a little bit better.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Sharon, your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: I guess I wanted to ask a question about the kind of a longer-term algorithm for CarMax, which I think, historically had kind of been based on that 4 to 7 comp. And I think you just mentioned earlier that you need to be kind of at the higher end of the mid-single digit to leverage SG&A. But when I look over the last five years, you guys only kind of hit that 4 to 7, maybe once or twice on an annual basis. Is there something happening where you think 4 to 7 is not the right number going forward either investments being made in the business, where you think there is a reacceleration and sustainable comp going forward? I'm just trying to reconcile the last five years with that longer-term guidance?
Bill Nash: Yes, Sharon. So if you go back to FY '17 and FY '18, and both those years -- half of the quarters were in that range, in the 5 to 8 range. We saw it slow down last year when you get to the third quarter with the hurricane in the marketplace spike. I still believe at longer-term, that's absolutely a target that we should be shooting for. And I think things like making sure that we have the best experience and put the customer in the driver seat with things like omni-channel, I think will help to continue us to get there.
Sharon Zackfia: Can I ask a follow-up for that? I mean, do you feel like -- so oftentimes when you see the comps flow like that or you're hitting the target half the time, the competitive gap may have narrowed vis-a-vis the others. And I know on imagery, maybe you're a little bit behind on the internet you're catching up there. Are there any particular areas of focus that kind of lighten that gap for CarMax relative to the competition again?
Bill Nash: Yes, look, I think in any given quarter, I mean, the competition is absolutely robust. It's been robot for a while. Look, we're in a great industry, and we would always expect competition and now certainly is no different. I think sometimes the competition is rational, sometimes it may be a little irrational. As far as specific things, I think, our whole investment that we've been doing over the last couple years is both in our website, in our associate systems, in the experience that we're giving to the customer. That's what we've been focused on to continue to make sure we lead the industry. And I would say that's what our near-term focus is on because we do see customers wanting a better experience. We have a great in-store experience and the folks -- and make sure we're all clear. The majority of our customers still want to come into the store at this point. But we're seeing the trend where a lot of customers want to do more and be equipped and empowered on their own, but they still want the help. They just want it on their terms and their timing and that's what we're really focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird. Craig, your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Question is on your advertising message. With the omni-channel rollout underway, does CarMax need to change its advertising message to tell that story? And specifically, what are you doing in Atlanta with respect to advertising to get that omni-channel message out?
Bill Nash: We absolutely need to change up the advertising a little bit, and we have done that. We started the new advertising campaign recently in Atlanta. And what we're focused on is making sure that the consumer understands that all the greatness that they know about CarMax up to this point is still there that we have an even better offering. So the real idea of putting the customer in the driver's seat, whichever way is their way is the way that the car buying will be. And that's what the focus has been on Atlanta, drawing the strengths of our stores, drawing the strengths of the digital technology that we've been investing in and drawing the strengths to our knowledgeable and skilled associates. So yes, the answer of your question is we have changed it up and I would expect that to continue to evolve over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Seth Basham with Wedbush. Seth, your line is open.
Seth Basham: My question is around CAF. If you can provide some color Tom, on what's happening with Tier 3 and the declining penetration there that will be helpful.
Tom Reedy: Yes. So as I mentioned in my prepared comments, Seth, one thing we've got to keep in mind is with Tier 3 performance it's a combination of both what they're doing with the applications they see and the nature of the applications that they see as well, because they're -- after CarMax takes a look at it and Tier 3 takes a look at it, they're seeing whatever manages to move down to their space. And so as I mentioned on the call, we've seen some very strong performance as it relates to conversion of the applications viewed in the Tier 2 space, which is a good thing for us, because, as you know, we make significantly more money on the Tier 2 sales than we do in the Tier 3. And they're more likely to converting into sales because in general, the terms are a little bit better. So that's very positive for us though. What that sometimes it relates to is we're promoting customers from the Tier 3 space into the Tier 2 space meaning the Tier 3 sees a little bit less that there may be a little bit less robust mixed than they normally do. So they have, I would say, different pool to work with depending on what's going on with Tier 2. And this quarter, as I mentioned in the call, overall conversion was consistent with what we did last year, which means of the applications they saw they converted alike amount to last year just means that the nature and quantity that they saw didn't quite get there. So overall, between Tier 2 and Tier 3, we're very happy with our lending partners and the performance and they're doing good bias.
Seth Basham: That's helpful. And as a follow-up, looking at your loan loss performance, that was pretty good this quarter better than we expected. Or during on some of your securitizations 2018-2, I'm just sorry, 2018-3, returning to the elevated delinquency trends, are you concerned at all about the trends that we’re seeing there?
Tom Reedy: No. I think if you look at the most recent venues, it’s too early to make any judgment. But, overall in the portfolio, you’re right, the delinquencies are little harder than last year, but we seen losses consistent to a little bit better. So as we’ve talked couple -- we’re trying to originate a portfolio that has accumulative net loss somewhere in the 2% to 2.5% range. We’re very comfortable that we’re trending within that range, and that’s the goal and make sure it's financeable in the securitization mark. Feel good about all of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani with MoffettNathanson. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Montani: Just wanted to ask on the other overhead costs bucket, there was 15% increase there. So I wanted to understand a little bit better, was that driven by the multi-channel initiative in Atlanta? And if that is the case, how should we think about that evolving over the course of the year as you guys expand more rapidly into other markets?
Bill Nash: Yes, Michael. That increase is directly tied to our initiatives whether it’s the omni-channel it’s also some work we’re doing on the platforms. It’s really the thing that we’ve been talking about for a period of time. And as far as going forward, like I said, we were going to continue to invest and the SG&A leverage point that we talked about in the past is still where we think we need to be in order to leverage that.
Michael Montani: Can you share anything maybe to that end about the early learnings that you’ve had in Charlotte and potential comp list that you would have seen from some of the initiatives there? How should we think about that as we look to Atlanta for validation of the strategy?
Bill Nash: What I would tell you is Charlotte is not a good example to draw comparisons because the Charlotte offering is very different than what we have in the Atlanta offering. So, for example, one big thing is, it was a totally different website experience. Atlanta, we have a whole new website experience, which allows the customer progress. We didn’t have that in Charlotte. Charlotte has really been the test market for us where we’ve done a lot more things manual behind the scene. So, and in the early days, we really were just kind of pushing some folks over there so we could operationally figure it out. So I think we really don’t have a good comparison to go off of at this point. And look, it’s obviously very early in the rollout to Atlanta. But as I said in my remarks, our customers and our associates like it. Conversion on ones that we have done on delivery is higher than what you see in conversion in the stores, which is to be expected, finance penetration is roughly the same as you see in the store. So we’ve seen some things early, but again, it’s very, very early.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge. James, your line is open.
James Albertine: At the risk -- and I understand to your prior comments, it’s very early, but when we think about the white paper some time ago and the -- so trajectory of CarMax as a growing brick-and-mortar strategy, clearly, you’re learning now very rapidly about the benefits of omni-channel. If we think, maybe a little bit longer term, maybe kind of 3 to 5 year outlook, are we at a point now what we can say that CarMax can grow perhaps even faster with digital or omni-channel presence as opposed to primary focus on brick-and-mortar? And in so doing, is there a line of sight to an SG&A per unit level as steady-state that can be lower and a CapEx rate at steady state that can be lower relative to your brick-and-mortar strategy as you continue to gain share via omni-channel?
Bill Nash: Yes, James, what I'll tell you is, first of all, omni-channel can only be enabled with our brick-and-mortar strategy. You have to have a great network of stores. If you don't, you really can't bring omni-channel a like-for-like, which is putting the customer in the driver seat. I think it's a little early on the SG&A side, like I said in the opening remarks. I think here in the near-term, we're going to be a little inefficient on the omni-channel, because we want to get it right. We want it to be a great customer experience, we want it to be a great associate experience, but we've also identified cost levers that we can pull that will offset those costs. So what I'm telling you is we need to learn some more to be able to definitively say, hey, is this going to be a cheaper cost structure or not? But we're encouraged by the progress that we've made, and we're encouraged by the progress we think we can still make.
James Albertine: If I can follow-up on that point, and I know you've never put a line in the sand and we've always kind of talked about, everyone has got their own sort of estimates. Is it 300 stores at maturity? Is it something greater or is it something lower? Maybe, can I push you to make a comment to the extent that may be the algorithm, as you're learning about omni-channel? So as your omni-channel accelerating -- you're favoring the under versus the over, right? So ultimately at maturity, you're going to need fewer stores over time. Is that a fair comment at this point?
Bill Nash: Well, I think the longest time we said we're going to open 200 to 300 stores, if you remember. Well, you can take 200 off, since we just opened that this week. As far as the upper end, I'm cautious on saying what the end state is. Look, I think we can add -- we have plenty of potential to add additional stores. I would just caution to say -- let's better understand the omni-channel. It would be great to be able to deliver more units out of existing footprint. So if our digital initiatives allow us to leverage our stores in ways more efficiently than we have in the past that could ultimately cut down or maybe some smaller footprint stores, I think that's a win. So I guess my short answer is we have room to continue to grow stores. But we also want to make sure we're growing market share in the most effective way possible. We've said we're -- we've already announced we'd open between 13 and 16 stores while, obviously come back in the fourth quarter update that will be in that range. But let's give omni a little bit more chance to see what we can do in existing market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. John, your line is open.
Aileen Smith: Good morning. This is Aileen Smith on for John. Another question on the omni-channel initiative. I realized it maybe early days on this. But can you give a little bit of color on the economics you expect for the omni-channel model? Should we be thinking about this business once it reaches the sustainable level on scale as gross profit per unit for vehicles sold through omni-channel is being similar to vehicles sold through the physical footprint? And how do you --SG&A and other expenses compare across those according to your estimates?
Bill Nash: Yes, I think, obviously it's a little early. I think on the omni-channel, we have opportunities to optimize our staff. I think we have opportunity in transportation, I think we have opportunity in the compensation, our store roles. So while there are some incremental expenses right now on the actual delivery of vehicles, like I said earlier, we had the opportunity to pull on some leverage to offset them. And I don't see any reason at this point where GPU has to change. It has to change. But again, we're -- it's early on in the process. And keep in mind, we've only had this for a partial month of the quarter.
Aileen Smith: Yes, absolutely. And just a quick follow-up to that. On optimizing the staff and transportation some of the other things you mentioned and the target that you'll get a majority of your markets, this rolled out by February 2020. Should we be thinking about that as the timeline where some of those efficiencies are realized or is this a longer dated dynamic?
Bill Nash: We're actively working on it right now. It'll be right in tandem.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Healy with the Northcoast Research. John, your line is open. 
John Healy: Bill, I just wanted to ask just your view on markets outside of Atlanta for the omni-channel offering. I know you guys have said February 2020 that you would have the rollout completed. So over the next 15 months, how fast should we expect additional markets to come online? And as you enter into new markets like Buffalo for instance, will you be watching omni-channel simultaneously with the brick-and-mortar store? So just trying to understand kind of the pace from here.
Bill Nash: Yes. So I just wanted to -- I want to clarify something. So we will have the majority of our customers being able to experience it by February 2020. As I said in the opening remarks, one of the things that we need to continue to do is expand our footprint on customer experience centers. We're actively looking at that right now for the next locations. And part of that is going to be dependent on state regulations. So for example, there are some states if you're involved in the selling activity, which your customer experience consultants are, they would require those folks to be licensed in the state, further complicated, if some of those states have requirements that those people physically come and get their license in those states. So that's an example of things that we're working through right now to figure out, okay, how many CTCs do we need, where the next CTC is going to be? As far as your question that we're going to roll it out with the new stores, we did not roll it out with Buffalo, we did not roll it out with Melbourne. We're going to roll it out in a very systematic way that makes sense for us. And we'll have more information on that next quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens. Rick, your line is open.
Rick Nelson: Curious if you do anything different from a pricing standpoint when you launch in the Atlanta market and to try to drive share and mind share?
Bill Nash: Yes. Rick, we're constantly doing pricing tests all the time. And I would say the Atlanta just falls in that bucket with everything else that we're doing when we look at doing pricing test.
Rick Nelson: And you chose Atlanta because you mentioned it's an older market, high market share. Are those the types of markets that we should expect just to rollout to going forward?
Bill Nash: As far as the order, again, it's a little early to tell. The other thing that's interesting about Atlanta is that we have six stores that are pretty much in the suburbs of Atlanta. So we kind of surround the perimeter. And we certainly looked at as a good opportunity to say, okay, can we get better penetration inside the perimeter of Atlanta? And I think this is a good -- a good test to be able to do that?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Sigman with Credit Suisse. Seth, your line is open.
Seth Sigman: I wanted to talk a little bit about the shift in the business that you’ve seen over the last couple of quarters with zero to four being lower again in Q3, and obviously a little bit worse in Q2. I know, you noted, that’s where you’re seeing some of the impact from that new versus used pricing gap although that’s been the case for a few quarters now. So I’m just curious, are there any other factors that could be driving that maybe the hurricane from last year? Does that have a disproportionate impact on zero to four? So you can address that. And then just the second part of the question is around pricing. And what do you think is still driving that gap, and if there’s any signs of sort of normalization of that depreciation cycle? Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes, Seth. So if you look at our average selling price, it went up again. And that’s because our acquisition price is up. Now, I did know in my opening remarks that we had a bigger percent of customers moving into the older vehicles, which would inherently take your average selling price down. But it wasn’t enough to lower the sales price plus we had additional increases in higher class cars, which is why the pricing went up. There’s a lot going on in the market right now. There’s a lot of noise. I think some of the dynamics we're saying still some carryover from. And again, this is just my belief, is carried over from some of the conversation around tariffs, what’s going to happen to pricing, and there’s just a lot of things going on in the news. And I think consumers are thinking about monthly payments and thinking about if I’m going to buy a car, how much do I want to get into? So again, it’s dynamics that we’ve seen in the past and we’ll continue to work through them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Armintas Sinkevicius with Morgan Stanley. Armintas, your line is open.
Armintas Sinkevicius: I was curious when we start to see the omni-channel starts to flow through the financials that probably shows up in same-store sales growth as you drive better penetration in your existing markets. For the model to meet your return hurdle rates, what sort of impact should we thinking about for same-store sales? And then also, what’s the cost to launch a new market for omni-channel versus a new market in a brick-and-mortar fashion? And what do you have to open up for an omni-channel market to be launched? Is it -- you mentioned the customer experience center, but is it thing sort of proximate transportation in that sort of thing? That would be helpful.
Bill Nash: Yes. So first of all, the omni-channel experience. This is all about the customer and putting them in the driver seat. We’re doing this because this is where the customer is going, and this is where we want to make sure we get ahead of. So I don’t really think about as the incremental cost is doing it. I think about it as, hey, we want to be the best when it comes to serving our customers. And I’m sorry, what was the second part of your question?
Armintas Sinkevicius: The second part was what we’re trying to -- you sort of expecting to or what sort of impact do we see those as same-store sales to meet the hurdle rate on return side for the omni-channel experience?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the way you should think about success in the short-term for Omni, first is it's getting this experience everywhere and evolving it to make sure that the best experience for both our customers and associates. That is the near-term goal. And then, in tandem, we want to execute it the most effectively, efficiently that we can. So we’re going to be working on that. Now, all of this obviously is to increase market share over time. But I really don't want to get any more specific at this point given that we just haven't had much experience with it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Ducharme with Sterling Capital. Colin, your line is open.
Colin Ducharme: Questions have been answered. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Colin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar. David, your line is open.
David Whiston: I know I'm probably little early in asking this. But I'm just curious with some of the chatter going around in the financial prospect perhaps due to the withholding law change the tax refunds maybe a bit disappointing. Are you considering -- how are you factoring that in the planning? What kind of inventory levels you want in March and April?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think that's the big question is where are the tax refunds? We're obviously going to follow that very closely. I think we have shown over time that we manage our inventory very, very well and can meet the customer needs. And I would say, I think we're in a great position. But we're also looking at the same things that you are to better understand how my tax refunds impact the upcoming quarter and the quarter beyond.
David Whiston: And as a follow-up on the current sourcing environment, are you having any issues with perhaps quality late model vehicles not ever making it to auction because they're selling -- staying at the dealer level as they come off lease?
Bill Nash: No. We are not having any issues with obtaining inventory -- quality inventory.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Chris, your line is open
Chris Bottiglieri: Consider a very ambitious rollout target to cover all the markets next few years given Atlanta appears to be your first real attempt at this. So I was hoping if you can maybe walk us through the mechanics in the market conversion. Just help us understand where you see down at the market level to even allow last mile delivery or online retailing? And then what are the bottlenecks of the corporate size to all these capabilities?
Bill Nash: Yes. So one of the things we've talked about already is the CEC, the customer experiences centers. We have to stand those up. That really takes we call e-Office shifts out of the stores. So right now, the sales consultant that works in our stores works both the e-Office and they work on the floor. They have shifts for both our customer experience centers take to e-Office shift out. As far as the delivery fees, we obviously have vans that are taking the vehicles out. The way we rollout Atlanta is probably going to be a little bit different from that perspective as far as how we staff those and leverage associates in the existing stores. We're the first rollout to get it out there. Now, we're really fine tuning what the future rollouts will be. And truthfully, I think we'll get better and better and more efficient as we as we do more.
Chris Bottiglieri: And then, I guess, separately, it's very early you expect to see more dynamic. I guess, what gave you the confidence in the first place such as -- such an aggressive target for the rollout rather than maybe proven that it works before setting that? I guess how much flexibility is there on that timeline? Thank you.
Bill Nash: Well, keep in mind, we've been testing and talking to consumers for the last couple years. This is something that just didn't happen overnight. And it's one of the reasons we've taken the time that we have to really understand what the customer wants. And that's what this is about. It's all about where the customer is going, what they're looking for. So I do feel that it's an aggressive rollout given the new capability that you're going to introduce, but I also feel that it's very doable.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Brian, your line is open.
Brian Nagel: So as my follow-up, I wanted maybe show up two questions -- two quick questions together. But first up, with regard to expenses, as we've talked a lot about it in the call, the ongoing reinvestment in the company, if I'm not -- if I'm correct here in the fiscal third quarter look like expense growth slowed. So I just and I can't recall if you discussed it in the prepared comments. So any color around that that's right in third quarter whether that means this trend going forward? And then my second question is just on the buyback and not that long ago you announced pretty substantial additional buyback. Your stock with the market has been hit here. How are you thinking about philosophically towards fulfilling that buyback? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes. So Brian, on the expenses slowing the third quarter. So keep in mind, when the sales down you are going to have a little bit of hiccup from variable, because you won't have as much variable. But in addition to that, we feel good because we've gotten -- we've rolled out -- we've been focused on SG&A as well as cost to good sold, we've done some staffing optimization, so there's some good guys in that as well. So not only we continue to invest all along I've said, there's going to be incremental expenses we're going to invest, but it shouldn't all the incremental. We should challenge ourselves to find offset. So I feel good about that. As far as buybacks, look, we think it's a great way to give back to the shareholders. We, just as Tom talked about earlier, have authorization to do some more. And we'll continue to do that.
Tom Reedy: Yes, Brian, we've talked about this before. We structured the program to get a little bit more aggressive when the valuation is down, and a little bit more conservative looks like the valuation is high relative to what our research. And as you can see during the quarter, we brought back more than we did in Q2 for that very purpose. So we're aware of -- very aware of what our stock price is doing. And we -- as we plan to buyback programmatically, that's kind of the way the guardrails work. We also have the ability to do additional as we see it be the right thing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Ducharme with Sterling Capital. Colin, your line is open. 
Bill Nash: Hello?
Colin Ducharme: That was on mute. Just kidding. I did think of one. Bill, I had a quick question for you. What metrics are you going to be using over the ensuing months to help you throttle the cadence of the omni-channel rollout? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Sure, Colin. So I think we're going to be looking at variety of metrics. We're looking at how well it's received by our customers. I think we're going to be looking at how well we do on conversion? How it impacts the store performance? The expenses, how efficiently we can do it? What are the levers? There isn't any one single, because this is such a new thing. We have a whole host of different things that we're going to be looking at over the ensuing months to make sure that, one, we're giving the best experience; two, we're doing it the most efficiently; and three, that we're ultimately driving market share.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Bill for closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you. I want to thank all of you for joining the call today. I really want to thank our 25,000 associates. They are the differentiator for CarMax in the way they live our values and how they do that with each other, our customers and all the communities that we're in. I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday season and has time to enjoy with the family and friends, and a great New Year. And we will talk to you next year. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-09-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Nash - President, Chief Executive Officer Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  Katharine Kenny - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Armintas Sinkevicius - Morgan Stanley Craig Kennison - Baird Michael Montani - MoffettNathanson James Albertine - Consumer Edge John Murphy - Bank of America Nick Zangler - Stephens Matthew Paige - Gabelli David Whiston - Morningstar Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jamie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax fiscal 2019 second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Katharine Kenny: Good morning and thank you, Jamie. Thank you all for joining our fiscal 2019 second quarter earnings conference call. As always, I’m here with Bill Nash, our President and CEO, and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me mention that CarMax celebrated our actual 25th birthday last week. Congratulations again to our associates past and present and our millions of customers who drove our success over the years. Next, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2018, filed with the SEC. Last as always, let me ask you in advance to only ask one question and get back in the queue for your follow-ups. We appreciate it. Now I’ll turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you Katharine, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, we were pleased to return to positive comps. Used unit comps grew by 2.1% compared to 5.3% in the prior year quarter and were driven by better conversion, partially offset by lower traffic. Total used units grew by 5.8%.  Our industry continues to experience an unusual depreciation environment. In this quarter, our mix-adjusted vehicle acquisition costs remained high and were only somewhat lower than what we experienced in the first quarter. This contrasts with the prior year second quarter when our mix-adjusted vehicle acquisition costs were significantly lower year over year.  Our website traffic grew in the second quarter by 19%, up from 17% in the previous year’s second quarter and 16% in the first quarter. On average, we saw volume of more than 20 million visits per month. Our retail gross profit per used unit remained stable at $2,179 compared to $2,178 last year. We had a strong wholesale quarter with units up almost 15% year-over-year in the second quarter. This was a result of higher appraisal traffic, the growth in our store base, and an increase in our buy rate. Our gross profit per wholesale unit decreased by about $30 to $919 in the second quarter compared to $950 in the prior year period.  Other gross profit increased by over 12%, driven by higher EPP revenue and improvement in third party finance fees. Like last quarter, EPP revenue grew with sales and benefited from provider cost decreases and approximately $4 million related to the acceleration of revenue recognition under the new accounting standard adopted at the beginning of this fiscal year. These were partially offset by lower service profits.  Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me cover our sales mix and SG&A expense. As a percentage of our sales, zero to four-year-old vehicles decreased to about 77% versus 80% in the second quarter of last year, but similar to the first quarter. Large and medium SUV and truck sales were about 27%, almost exactly the same as a year ago and down slightly since the first quarter.  On SG&A, expenses for the quarter increased about 12% to $454 million, or a year-over-year increase of $126 per unit. Several factors impacted SG&A expense, including the opening of 18 stores since the beginning of the second quarter of last year, which represents a 10% growth in our base, a $7 million or 18% year-over-year increase in advertising expense which is largely due to timing, an increase of $6.5 million or $28 per unit related to share-based compensation expense, and our continuing investment in technology platforms and digital initiatives. Now I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Bill. Good morning everyone. Unlike the last two quarters where we saw modest declines in the volume of credit applications, we experienced growth in applications across the credit spectrum in the second quarter. During the quarter, we continued to see strong lender performance in Tier 2 which accounted for 17% of sales compared with 16% last year, but we saw weaker performance in the third party Tier 3 space which represented 8.8% of used unit sales compared to 9.6% last year.  CAF penetration net of three-day payoffs was modestly higher than last year’s second quarter at 43.9% compared to 43.5%. Our net loans originated in the quarter grew by 8.8% to $1.7 billion due to our sales growth, an increase in the average amount financed, and the slight increase in CAF penetration rate. CAF income increased 1.6% to $110 million. This was a result of the 8.6% growth in average managed receivables partially offset by an increase in the provision for loan losses and the continued slight compression in portfolio interest margin. Total portfolio interest margin was 5.7% of average managed receivables compared to 5.8% in the second quarter of last year, but flat compared to the first quarter. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers increased to 8.5% compared to 7.6% a year ago and 8.4% in the first quarter.  The loan loss provision for Q2 was $40 million compared to $33 million in the prior year period. This arose from the growth in the managed receivables as well as fluctuations that are often experienced with quarterly loss provisioning. The ending allowance for loan losses was 1.13% of average managed receivables, flat sequentially from the first quarter and down from 1.15% in the second quarter of last year. Moving to capital structure, during the second quarter we continued to return capital to shareholders and repurchased 2.3 million shares for $171 million.  Now, I’ll turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Tom. During the second quarter, we opened three stores: two in existing markets, including Santa Fe, which we include in the Albuquerque market, and Oklahoma City, and one in a new market Macon, Georgia. In the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we plan to open another four stores, all in new markets for us. They include Wilmington, North Carolina, which will actually open today; Lafayette, Louisiana; Corpus Christi, Texas; and Shreveport, Louisiana.  As I’ve done before, let me update you with some of our individual product initiatives. We recently rolled out our alternative vehicle delivery options to a second market. These options will allow customers to complete most of the vehicle shopping and purchase process from their homes after which they can decide how they want to receive the car. In addition to the Charlotte market, this is now available in all three stores in the Raleigh market. It includes our expedited or express pickup service, which kicked off in Raleigh in August, and our home delivery service, which launched in early September. In addition, we began testing an online appraisal estimator in 10 stores in August. After answering just a few questions, the online estimator provides customers with the opportunity to quickly receive an approximate offer on their vehicle. While the offer is an estimate, it is based on actual CarMax appraisal data. Also, we now have a customer experience center. This call center provides customers and test markets with support at any point along the way throughout the progression of their shopping and purchase journey. These consultants can work with the customers until they are ready to either go to the store for pickup or schedule home delivery.  Last quarter, I talked about how we are working to combine all of our online products together into one comprehensive offer. We are building a full omni-channel experience that enables customers to seamlessly move across the online and in-store experience with ease. Customers want the flexibility and independence to do much of their shopping and buying online. Given the complexity of a vehicle purchase, they also often want the help and assistance of our expert store associates at various points along the journey. We believe our ability to provide this integrated experience across both online and in-store is unique in the automotive industry. Because of our skilled and knowledgeable associates, our national footprint, brand strength, infrastructure, inventory scale, and continued investment in technology and digital capabilities, we believe we will have a clear competitive advantage to lead the industry in delivering this experience to our customers.  Later this year, we will bring this integrated omni-channel experience to a major market. This will help us learn how to best operationalize all of our offerings and scale them across the entire organization. We will provide you more information on this in the future. Now we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. Bill, given the success of one your online-only competitors out there, can you help us understand what the impediment has been to rolling out the alternative delivery and full digital capabilities maybe faster than what we’ve seen so far? I know it’s in the works, but just wondering if you can help us understand kind of the – maybe what the process impediments have been to rolling that out thus far.
Bill Nash: Well Scot, it really goes back to this experience that I’m talking about, this omni-channel experience. We want to make sure that we can connect all the different pieces, and so for example, the alternative delivery, whether it is home delivery or the express pick-up, that’s only one small piece of the whole equation. We want to be able to combine that with all the other tests that we’re doing. The other thing that we want to do is we want to make sure that our sales consultants are trained on how to continue to progress the customers in a different way than they do today.  So, I’m actually pleased with the progress that we’ve made over the last couple years. It’s a big change for the organization, there’s a lot of technology involved, and I think we’re on the right track. So, I’m excited about it. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Maybe if I were to rephrase the question a little bit then, if you roll it out to this major market that you’re expecting in the back half and you like what you see, how quickly could it be rolled out from that point into other markets?
Bill Nash: We’ll wait and see on that, Scot. I mean the plan would be once we get it into market, we’ll obviously want to iterate quickly on that, and so that’s what our focus will be. Our first focus is to get in the market, and the second one will be to iterate it quickly from there, because I think what you’ll see is the first version of it will not be the end state. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. I guess a follow-up question on the omni-channel paradigm. As you think about that going forward, and I know you’re still early, can you talk about what the targeted margin profile would be for a car that would be delivered versus picked up? Are you looking to maintain that gross profit per car, or how do you think about that? Secondarily, I don’t think you’ve ever given any metrics in Charlotte about the number of customers that actually choose to get delivery or inquire about delivery. Is there any metric you can give us on what you’re seeing in Charlotte?
Bill Nash: Okay, on the first question, Sharon, it is a little early to talk about the cost profile and the structure. We’re still learning. As I’ve talked about, we’ve got a call center there opening up. I think there’s opportunity and we’re testing different opportunity on compensation structure, so I think there’s a lot of things that we’re continuing to work through, so I can’t really give you any guidance on that at this point.  As far as the number of customers, you’re correct - we haven’t talked about that, but the majority of customers by far still want to interact with our expert sales consultants and still want to come into the store at some point. The key is that we want to make sure that we individualize each customer’s journey and help them at the points that they need help so that it’s not one size fits all.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matt Fassler: Thanks so much, and good morning. I’d like to ask a question on CAF. So, the interest spread, I think essentially stabilized sequentially. I know that the last securitization, I saw a little bit of a better spread than the prior one, but generally speaking the spreads on your securitizations have been coming down as the pace of increasing your cost of funds has moved a little bit faster than the average rate you’ve been able to charge, even as that’s been moving higher. How is it that that spread was able to stabilize as you’re still essentially mixing towards, I think, those lower spread securitizations?
Tom Reedy: Matt, it’s stabilized quarter over quarter, but it’s still a little bit down versus last year. In general, as I’ve talked about, we in reaction to interest rate increases immediately start testing, so you’re naturally going to see a little bit of a lag, I think, in our ability to increase rates in response to benchmarks rising. But if I look back at what benchmarks have done over the last year, they’re up a little over 100 basis points, and if you look at what we’re charging customers in this quarter versus a year ago, it’s up a little under 100 basis points, so I think we’ve been successful in migrating rates up. We’ve kept an eye on the three-day payoffs, which have been very stable this year. When we first starting increasing rates, we saw a little bit of a tick up in that, but I think it’s normalized now. You know, the reality is it just takes some time to respond to rate increases. We’re not going to preemptively increase rates on a prediction that rates are going to go up, so I think we’ve done a pretty good job of moving things up, but in an increasing rate environment, you’re naturally going to see a little bit of lag there.
Matt Fassler: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning. Nice quarter. My question centers on the used car business. Clearly with a two-one comp, like you said Bill in your prepared comments, it returned to positive comps, but what’s encouraging there is even on a stacked basis, it’s stronger on both two and three years. I want to understand better from your perspective what’s happening in the overall environment. You talked a bit about used car pricing - it sounds like that’s still a headwind, so maybe elaborate further on that, and then, are there other factors out there that are helping drive better sales, and how do we think about the sustainability of those factors for the back half of this year? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes Brian, I’ve been here a long time and it’s a very unusual market right now. As I’ve said in my opening remarks, acquisition costs are still, when you look at a year-over-year basis, much higher than they were a year ago, and we had a little bit of an offset on acquisition prices because our inventory that we sold skewed to be a little bit older, but it wasn’t enough to offset the increase in acquisition prices. At the end of the first quarter, we were starting to see--although your starting point of prices was higher, at the end of the first quarter we were starting to see depreciation trends more normalized. It really stopped after the end of the first quarter. Second quarter, we’ve seen unusual depreciation curves - in other words, normally you’d see continued depreciation during this time of year, and we just really didn’t see that. It’s very different than in past years - it’s been very flat. I think there’s probably, and this is just my belief, some of what’s driving that may be anticipation of tariffs on new cars and people speculating and trying to buy up used cars; but to be honest with you, I don’t really know why that is. New car prices are obviously still as high as ever and they continue to go up, so as far as the outlook going forward, I would think at some point we would start to see depreciation trends more normalize, even if your cost is at a higher starting price. I would think that we’d start to see it more normalize, especially as continued inventory comes in off of the lease increases that we’ve seen over the last few years.
Brian Nagel: On that, so with the hurricane [indiscernible] we recently saw hit the east coast, could that further exacerbate the pricing dynamic within the used market?
Bill Nash: It’s hard to tell. I think the industry so far is saying that this is not from a destruction of automobiles, this is not to the magnitude of, say, Harvey was. I think I saw some estimates of maybe 20,000 vehicles or so, so I don’t think we’re going to see to the magnitude that we did a year ago.
Brian Nagel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning. My question is on the hurricane impacts on sales. Last year, I think you had some negative impact on your sales at the end of the second quarter and some positive impact in the third. How do we think about that from a year-over-year perspective this year, considering Hurricane Flo? Can you give us some color there, please?
Bill Nash: Yes, so as far as the hurricanes last year, you’re right - it really impacted us only the last week of the quarter, so the real impact is next quarter. As far as Flo goes, we’ll talk more about that because it happened in the third quarter, but I will tell you we did have a period of time where we had several stores shut down, but we as an organization fared very well from a property standpoint. The stores and the inventory, we did not see some of the impacts that we saw last year. Keep in mind, when we have these weather events, generally it’s the timing and then we’ll get the sales back afterwards.
Seth Basham: Did you pull forward the opening of the Wilmington store to capitalize on potential demand in that market?
Bill Nash: Actually, we delayed the Wilmington because it was supposed to open up pretty much right in the mix of the hurricane prep, so we delayed it, which is why it’s opening today.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Armintas Sinkevicius with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I can appreciate, having been done in Virginia, the capabilities that you have in-house and continue to develop, and that you can transport cars the same way as Carvana can. I’m curious - what do you think it will take for the market to realize that your capabilities are similar? Do you think it will be the launch of the bundled offers? Just curious on your thoughts there. 
Bill Nash: I don’t know, I mean, we’re focused on making sure that we deliver this omni-channel. We understand that customers want to do more online, and like I said earlier, the complexity that’s involved with used cars, we feel like there is points in that process where the customer wants assistance, so that’s our focus. Our focus is on right now delivering the omni-channel, and we’ll see how the market responds after that.
Armintas Sinkevicius: What are your market shares in the Carvana markets, and how has that changed?
Bill Nash: We don’t speak specifically to individual competitors. We view our competitive set as much broader than, say, digital type players, and again we’re focused on all competitors. Just like we don’t talk about geographic differences, we won’t speak to competitor differences.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Bill, you mentioned rolling out the online appraisal tool in more markets. I’m curious, in those pilots, how accurate have those online appraisals proven to be?
Bill Nash: Actually Craig, let me clarify a little bit. What I talked about in the opening remarks was the estimator - that’s a different tool than what we’re testing. We have several tests going on. One is the estimator, which is the new one, which is just a series of simple questions a customer can fill out, we give them an estimate. In the markets where we’re doing online appraisals, we have several different versions of that, that we’re testing as well. What we’ve found is that we can be very accurate on the online appraisal offers. What we’re really trying to figure out is what’s the best delivery mechanism for those, what’s the best process for individual customers, and how we communicate those offers. With some customers, depending on the vehicles, there may be different solutions, so that’s why we’ve been testing several different things and continue to test several different things.
Craig Kennison: Could you just remind me of the difference between an estimate and an appraisal?
Bill Nash: Sure. The estimate is just what I said - it’s an estimate offer that still has to be brought to the store or leveraged through our online appraisal offer. The online appraisal offer is one that we will back, assuming that the customer didn’t oversee some type of condition that impacts the vehicle.
Craig Kennison: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Montani with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Montani: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask, Bill, for your thoughts around potential impacts from tariffs, to the extent that we were to see those happen. How do you see that playing out for your business and the industry a little bit more broadly?
Bill Nash: I think we’ll have to wait and see, but obviously the tariffs on new cars would certainly cause the new car prices to go up, and then you’d have to look at what that did to the gap between new cars and late model used cars. I would think that that would widen, which I think would be helpful for our business. The other thing that we’d have to stay tuned on is really the parts and things that we use in our reconditioning process, so we’re staying close to it and we’ll continue to monitor it as it progresses.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Albertine with Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
James Albertine: Great, thank you, and good morning everyone. I wanted to ask on the EPP side, if possible. I know there is some cost benefit that you alluded to in the press release, and there’s an accounting adjustment there, a benefit; but wanted to get the sense on the unit side, given the zero to four-year-old mix fell, are you seeing attachment actually increase, because I would imagine that would be a factor driving monthly payments higher and so make the comp performance look even better in that regard.
Tom Reedy: Jamie, we’ve seen pretty darn consistent EPP attach rates over the years, and that was part of the reason we were able to take a little bit more margin with the cost reductions from our competitors in lieu of passing it onto customers in the form of lower prices earlier this year, because we’ve seen that elasticity and it’s come through. We haven’t seen a reduction in our attach rate at all. With regard to the accounting standard, that’s something that we have to look at every quarter now. We have to put a receivable on the books for those retro payments that we’re entitled to based on the contracts, and every quarter we’ll look at it and we’ll make an estimation of what we believe has changed and what we expect to collect on some of those plans.  One thing that I think might be helpful to point out, though, is the methodology that we use to predict that receivable includes some seasoning of the plans before they’re going to get put into the consideration set, so that every quarter we’ll be looking at additional plans that have seasoned to the point where they’re worth looking at and making assessments based on that. The thing could move either direction, but one dynamic I think it’s important to know is there are new plans being put into the consideration set every quarter, and in recent years, as I talked about last quarter, we’ve seen over-performance for the vendors in those plans and we’ve been expecting to get a payback.
James Albertine: So just a point of clarification, you’d expect with older vehicles that the attachment rate would fall, I would imagine, and so if we were to, say, see a surge in zero to four-year-old vehicle demand in the coming quarters, being flat now, arguably you might even see an uptick from here. Is that fair?
Tom Reedy: I mean, I don’t have the data in front of me, but I would think the opposite would be, off the top of my head, true. The newer vehicles still have some of their manufacturer’s warranty left on them, and frankly the older vehicles, the EFP is a better value proposition for the customer because it’s going to protect them when they don’t have a warranty. 
James Albertine: Understood. Great, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. Just a question as we think about the competitive dynamics in the market, and you kind of talked about this a little bit but I wanted to put it all together. Are there any specific markets where competitive is being disruptive, or any markets you can point to that you’re being disruptive? What I’m trying to get at here is there is an increasing focus by the new vehicle dealers, there’s obviously some digital competitors that are out there, but at the same time as you launch your omni-channel efforts and kind of really coalesce what you’re doing online and within home delivery, you might be disruptive. I’m just trying to understand the competitive dynamics and if you can give us any examples in markets where you see market share shifts or opportunities. It just seems there’s a lot going on right now, and you’re probably going to be one of the big winners but I think there’s a lot of concern out there.
Bill Nash: Yes John, you’re right - the competition is robust from a lot of different angles, whether it’s digital players, whether it’s brick and mortar players, standalone players, that kind of thing, and we’re focused on all of them. I’m not going to talk specifically about any particular markets because I can tell you, it’s a very complicated analysis when you try to dial into an individual market, looking at all the different competitive sets that are there, what are those competitors doing, what are we doing differently, you have to take into consideration age of our stores. There’s a whole bunch of things that you have to look at.  What I would just tell you is that we’re really positioning ourselves to be that solution for the customer, allowing the customer to really drive the transaction on their terms, individualize every single customer interaction. That’s what our focus is on and less so about, okay, what’s this one player doing. We think that this omni-channel solution is going to be the future of where customers want to go.
John Murphy: Maybe just a really quick follow-up. When you think about that competition and the ramp-up and the focus on this specific channel in the market, or used vehicles in the market, is the upward pressure on pricing because of that, or is it because of the end market consumer, meaning is there an increasing acceptance that maybe lower grosses by this increasing competition might be what’s driving up the used vehicle pricing in a way that just seems very counterintuitive to supply and demand in normal depreciation curves?
Bill Nash: Yes, the way I think about it, John, is look - I feel very good about our pricing and the competitiveness of our pricing. As you know, we look at it all the time, we test it all the time. I think what happens is because there is a focus from a lot of different areas, there is in any given market probably some confusion out there because a lot of different competitors are advertising, so I think there’s some confusion there. But I’m less worried about the pricing at this point because there’s a lot of different things that we can do to improve our price without, say, changing what our gross profit per unit is. I think more right now, there’s just a lot of awareness out there, or confusion out there of a bunch of different competitors.
John Murphy: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rick Nelson with Stephens. Your line is open.
Nick Zangler: Hey guys, Nick Zangler in for Rick here. More of a strategic question. From your early findings, can you talk about the importance for a customer to physically see a vehicle in person before they commit to a purchase - what’s your view there? Then related, I think the value of delivery in general could be debated, but do you foresee a capability that allows a customer to conduct virtually the entire vehicle transaction online and simply come into the store, verify the vehicle condition and pick it up there, and does the consumer desire that capability as well? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Okay, so on your first question, do they want to see the car? Absolutely, the majority of our customers want to see the car. On your second question, the value of delivery - listen, what you described is what we’re talking about when we say expedited or express delivery. That’s our first attempt into that foray, where the customer can do most everything online and then they come into the store just to test drive it, if they want to test drive it, understand what the options are. Again, the customer will determine how much time they want to be in the store. If they want to be in and out in 15 minutes, they can be out in 15 minutes. If they want to take it for a test drive, obviously it will be a little bit longer than that. But most of what we see on the customer side is that they still want to see and, in a lot of cases, test drive the vehicle.
Nick Zangler: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Paige with Gabelli. Your line is open.
Matthew Paige: Good morning, and congrats on a nice quarter. I wanted to ask potentially a longer term question. Obviously fully these are a small but growing piece of the U.S. market, but have you learned any lessons or how to make any changes to your CarMax appraisal system to deal with those kinds of vehicles that might have a potentially different depreciation schedule? 
Bill Nash: I’m not exactly sure what you’re asking, Matthew.
Matthew Paige: EVs, I don’t have a historical basis for how your appraisal system likely does other kinds of cars. How have you dealt with new entries into the market?
Bill Nash: Yes, so if you’re talking specifically, let’s say EVs, obviously I think the industry as a whole would have thought that EV sales would have been a bigger percentage as compared to where it is today. That being said, we do get EVs through the appraisal lane, we buy them offsite Because of our data set, because we look at so many cars both in the appraisal lane and offsite, we’ve honed that muscle as well, just like with the traditional cars. So far, even though it’s a small subset, we feel very comfortable in being able to price that type of vehicle, and again because of the data that we have and the number of vehicles that we look at on a weekly basis, we learn very quickly and then we can react to those learnings.
Matthew Paige: Great, I appreciate you taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Whiston with Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston: Thanks, good morning. My question is on the digital omni-channel and the whole ecommerce platform that you’ve been working on. Have there been some real big challenges in states where the laws are really behind the times tech-wise, and do you think those issues are resolved? If you can just talk about those issues a bit, thanks.
Bill Nash: I think from a regulatory standpoint, there’s a couple different things. Some states still require that vehicle sales occur at the dealership’s physical location and that the customer has to actually visit the dealership - we call that darkening the door. Other states, you have to have a physical location but you don’t necessarily have to have the customer come in and do the transaction in the store, and then other states obviously are more liberal and you don’t have to have either one of those requirements. As we continue to work through this, we’ll obviously make sure that we follow any applicable laws, and again our goal is to meet the customer on their terms and we’ll do that in a legal way.
David Whiston: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jacob Moser with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi everyone, this is Chris Bottiglieri at Wolfe Research. I had a couple questions--well, one with a follow-up, to follow Katharine’s rules. Given the store traffic was challenged but you saw higher appraisal traffic, can you maybe just connect the two? Are you starting to see the [indiscernible] improve or some of your digital efforts driving increased appraisal traffic, if you could talk about that?
Bill Nash: Yes, I think the appraisal traffic is probably a combination of things, whether it’s some of the stuff that we’re doing - marketing online. I also think it’s a very favorable pricing environment where, as I talked about earlier, acquisition prices are higher, we can put more money on people’s vehicles, and when you can do that, that certainly helps your buy rate. On the opposite side, if there’s a depreciating market, that generally hurts your buy rate a little bit. So I think a lot of it is based off the environment that we’re in, in addition to a lot of other things that we’re working on.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. As a follow-up, I assume it’s connected, can you just give an update on your self-sufficiency ratio and how that’s been trending more recently? 
Bill Nash: Sure. Self-sufficiency, we’ve typically talked about the range, 40 to 50%, and right now we’re in the lower end of that range.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you, okay. Thank you for the help, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, just a follow-up question. I know market share data is hard to get until you get to an annual basis, but how do you feel like you’re likely to shape up this year? Do you feel like you are continuing to gain share in the marketplace? Then secondarily, there’s been a lot of discussion about disruption in the marketplace, and you’ve been a disruptor over the years as well. I guess I’m curious if you’ve seen anything particularly in Atlanta, which is where Carvana’s oldest market is.
Bill Nash: Okay, you’re going to be disappointed, Sharon, on both of your questions. The first one on the market share, to your point, when you look at it in the short term, it’s not as valid, which is why we look at it on an annual basis. As you probably recall, last time we reported on it, it was last year’s calendar year which we saw one of our biggest comp market share gains that we’ve seen in a while. I don’t have any updates on that front at this point. The other thing as far as disruption in a specific market, again I really don’t want to get into talking about any individual markets or, for that fact, any individual competitor. Our competitive set is huge, and that’s what we’re focused on. We’re focused on overall competition. I know neither of those answers are satisfying to you, but that’s what I’ve got for you.
Sharon Zackfia: All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Montani with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Montani: Hey guys, just wanted to follow up on maybe an alternative revenue channel and just get your thoughts here. When you think about the growth and maturation we’re seeing from Uber and Lyft and then some of the partners they have, like a hire car or a fare, I’m just wondering if you can provide any updates or thinking about the potential growth opportunity in that channel, just because it would seem potentially to be substantial.
Bill Nash: Michael, what I’d say is, look - I think that this is an exciting time to be in the automotive industry just outright because of so many different things that are changing. I think there’s lots of opportunities for CarMax, and I would tell you, I wouldn’t take anything off the plate at this point. We’re constantly looking at the business and how we can continue to improve, as well as make sure that we plan for the future as the business changes.  I would just tell you, we’re pretty much open to a lot of different options, and we’re working with some different strategic partners trying to do different things. When we have something material to talk about, we’ll talk about it at that point.
Michael Montani: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matt Fassler: Thanks a lot. Thanks for having me back on. I have a couple follow-ups on the numbers. The first relates to ASP. Your new car ASP--I’m sorry, your used ASPs were up slightly year-on-year, and that would be consistent presumably with what we saw in the market broadly. Your wholesale ASPs, I guess were under a tad of pressure--not pressure per se, but just down a little bit. What was going on in the wholesale ASP realm in terms of mix that was different from what was transpiring in the market more broadly?
Bill Nash: Yes, if you mix-adjust the wholesale, our prices--because it is a stronger market, our prices actually went up, but we did have a mix shift where we had more older cars which generally will bring the price down as well as the mix, we had some more compacts come through which will change the pricing as well. You have different factors going in different directions. Then on the used side, again acquisition price was higher and it was partially offset by the shift into older vehicles.
Matt Fassler: Understood. Then the follow-up relates to your other overhead spend. There’s been a lot of talk on this call about innovation, and presumably a lot of the things you’re doing, presumably the way that manifests in the P&L in any given quarter is the other overhead line, and I think you alluded to that in your press release. That spend was up 24%, which is as big as it’s been since late ’16, and about as big an increase as you’ve typically had.  I know you don’t guide on a go-forward basis, but should we expect that this line item remains a big focus for you as you potentially accelerate some of the innovation on your end?
Bill Nash: Well, keep in mind a couple things. The total SG&A was up. Part of that was because of the advertising and the timing of the advertising. In the other category, where we do have some investments in our strategic initiatives, I’ve said all along this year that we’re continuing to invest and put back into the business, and I think some of the increase that you saw there - there’s some consulting, there’s some contracting, there’s software as a service - some of those things will stick around, some of those things will go away as certain projects come to completion, that kind of thing. So I think there is some timing in there, but again this is a year that I’ve said all along that we’re going to continue to invest in the organization. 
Matt Fassler: Totally understood. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi guys. I don’t think you had enough CAF questions just yet, so I had one. I think during Tom’s brief remarks earlier, he referenced weaker performance in the Tier 3 space. I guess I was wondering, is that just referencing the mix being down a touch, or did you actually see tighter lending standards there? 
Tom Reedy: No, I guess I wasn’t clear enough. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we saw application volume up pretty much across the spectrum in all credit grades. It may have been a little more robust in the middle space where the Tier 2 is, but it was up across the board. The degradation in Tier 3 resulted--you know, it was a combination of increased volume but a decrease in the performance by the lender, so we’ve seen conversion in the Tier 3 space over the course of the quarter actually deteriorate, and that’s--
Scot Ciccarelli: So if it deteriorates during the quarter, does that suggest maybe that will continue as we roll into third quarter, then?
Tom Reedy: Well, we’ll see how that progresses. We’ve talked about--we’ve got a number of lenders in there, it’s one in particular. We’re looking at our alternatives and as third quarter materializes, we’ll tell you how it went. But obviously we’re looking at it carefully.
Scot Ciccarelli: Understood, thank you.
Operator: Again that’s star, one if you would like to ask a question.  Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: I also have a question on CAF for you, as it relates to the lending outlook, the tightening that we’ve seen at the subprime level. Do you think that’s indicative of something we might see on a wider basis going forward, and as it relates to your CAF portfolio loss rate performance specifically, how would you characterize that right now? We’re seeing it tick up a little bit more than historical seasonal averages. Would you expect it to maintain the current level, or do you expect it to increase a little bit going forward?
Tom Reedy: I’ll start with your second question, Seth. We’re not seeing anything in our Tier 3 lending that is surprising us, so--obviously it’s a different animal than what we do in the prime space and a different customer relationship, different expected losses, but we haven’t seen anything there that has given us any pause. As I mentioned, it’s really performance by one lender, so I can’t speculate on whether it’s something that could be global in the future. That’s why we have multiple partners, because different institutions have different credit committees, they get different leadership at different points in their evolution, and they can change their mind about how they want to behave.
Seth Basham: Okay, thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Nash for closing remarks. 
Bill Nash: Thank you, Jamie, and thank you all for joining the call today. As Katharine mentioned when she first started out, it was our 25th anniversary as a company last week, and that truly is a testament to our associates. I’m once again reminded why our associates are a differentiator for CarMax, and it’s because of the way they live our values with each other, our customers, and the communities. I want to thank them all for everything they do. They have absolutely been the key to our success in the past, and they will continue to be the key to our success in the future.  Thanks for your time and interest in CarMax, and we will talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-06-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Vice President, IR Bill Nash - President and CEO Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Armintas Sinkevicius - Morgan Stanley  John Murphy - Bank of America John Healy - Northcoast Research James Albertine - Consumer Edge Unidentified Analyst - Morgan Stanley Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc. David Whiston - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2019 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Katharine Kenny: Good morning and thank you for joining our fiscal 2019 first quarter earnings conference call. I am here today with Bill Nash, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2018 filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Bill let me thank you in advance for asking only one question and getting back in the queue for your follow-up. Bill.
Bill Nash: Great, thank you Katharine and good morning everyone. Our used unit comps for the first quarter were negative 2.3% against another tough year-over-year comparison. The comps were driven by lower traffic and better conversion and represented a significant improvement from the previous quarter. Total used units grew by 1.6%. While used vehicle valuations were still higher than in last year's first quarter the year-over-year change in our mix adjusted vehicle acquisition cost was more favorable in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter.  Industry data indicates some signs of recovery in the used vehicle market place since a slow down at the end of last year. These signs include improving supply at auction and more normalized depreciation. Our website traffic grew in Q1 by 16% similar to the previous quarter again due to website and SCO enhancements. Gross profit per used unit remained consistent at 2,215 compared to 2,212 last year. We had another strong wholesale quarter with units up 9.6% year-over-year. This again was due to our buy rate which rose to a multi-year first quarter high and to the growth in our store base. As I said in the past when used vehicle prices are higher we can offer our customers more for their vehicles which supports our buy rate. Our gross profit for wholesale unit was flat at $1,012 in both periods. The decrease in other gross profit was driven by lower service profits again negatively impacted by our lower used unit comps. Remember as we said last quarter as lower unit volumes we would expect service overhead to delever. We also experienced a reduction in third party finances due to shift in sales by finance channel. These were partially offset by increased EPP revenue. EPP revenue grew with sales but also benefited from provider cost decreases which created an opportunity for some margin enhancement and $4 million related to the new revenue recognition standards.  Before I turn the call over to Tom let me cover our sales mix and SG&A expense. As a percentage of our sales zero to four year old vehicles decreased to about 77% versus over 78% in the first quarter last year. Large and medium SUV and truck sales were almost 28% up about a 0.5% from both last year's first quarter and the fourth quarter. On SG&A expenses for the quarter increased about 9% to 438 million or a year-over-year increase of $143 per unit. There are several factors that impacted the SG&A expense including the opening of 18 stores since the beginning of the first quarter of last year which represents a 10% growth in our base, an increase of $9 million or $43 per unit related to share based compensation expense and our continuing investment in technology platforms and digital initiatives. Now I will turn the call over to Tom. 
Tom Reedy: Thank you Bill and good morning everybody. In the first quarter our sales by finance channel were primarily a result of the mix of credit applications we received. While application volume was slightly down year-over-year, we did see some growth at the very high and low ends of the credit spectrum. We experienced growth in CAF and Tier 3 originations. Tier 2 fell due to a combination of application volume and a change in the year-over-year lender behavior which we discussed last quarter. Tier 2 accounted for 17% of sales compared with 19% last year. While we experienced some tightening by Tier 2 last spring performance has been relatively stable since that time.  Third party Tier 3 represented 10.9% of used unit sales compared to 10% last year and CAF penetration net of three day payoffs grew to 42.9% compared to 41.9% in last year's first quarter. CAF net loans originated in the quarter grew by 8% to 1.7 billion versus 1.5 billion last year. This was due to growth in the average amount financed which was in line with the increase in CarMax's average selling prices. And the growth in CAF penetration rate on top of the modest increase in CarMax unit sales. CAF income increased 5.7% to $116 million. This was due to a combination of the 8.7% growth in average managed receivables and the continuation of modest compression in portfolio interest margin. Total portfolio interest margin was 5.7% of average managed receivables compared to 5.8% in the first quarter of last year and 5.6% last quarter. For loans originated during the quarter the weighted average contract rate charged to customers increased to 8.4% compared to 7.8% a year ago and 7.9% in the fourth quarter, a reflection of our response to the current interest rate environment. Ending allowance for loan losses was 134 million or 1.13% of ending managed receivables, up slightly sequentially from the fourth quarter but down from 1.18% in the first quarter of last year. Moving to capital structure during the first quarter we repurchased 3.3 million shares for 207 million and now I'll turn the call back over to Bill. 
Bill Nash: Thanks. During the first quarter we opened three stores, one in Greenville, North Carolina which was a new market for us and then two in existing markets, Dallas and Miami. In the second quarter of fiscal 2019 we plan to open another three stores. Our second store in the Albuquerque market which is in Santa Fe opened earlier this month. The other stores will open in Macon, Georgia which is a new market for CarMax and in our existing Oklahoma City market. You will note that there has been a decrease in non-com store contribution relative to recent quarters. This was due to a change in mix and the timing of store openings.  As I mentioned earlier our website traffic continues to grow but we are improving the customer experience and growing leads through a variety of enhancements. This quarter for example we continued to make improvements to the speed and technical performance of the site. In addition we expanded and improved our personalized vehicle recommendations throughout the site. We also released the capability for customers to search based on the desired monthly payment. We continue to leverage our new CRM system. We're testing new ways to communicate with customers such as text thoughts, messaging, and appointment alert reminders. This allows us to improve the shopping experience and connect with the customers on their terms. As you know over the last couple years we placed a great deal of focus on the development and testing of new customer experiences such as finance pre-approval, home delivery, online appraisals, and the new expedited pick up test. Many customers have now tested each of these products both individually and in various combinations. These tests have allowed us to learn how to best build the features to meet their needs. In addition we continue to improve the features as consumer behaviors and expectations change. Our next step is to combine all these pieces into a comprehensive e-commerce experience that is comparable to our in-store experience. Because customers are now able to do more digitally before they come to the store we're also empowering our associates with new tools and training to leverage the customer's digital progress making it simpler, easier, and faster for them to complete their purchase. In the next few quarters we plan to take this comprehensive experience to new markets and learn how to best operationalize it in a scalable way. We will provide more information on these tests in future quarters.  Now we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question this morning comes from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Matthew Fassler: Thanks so much and good morning. My question relates to credit, you spoke about the increase in the rates you are charging for CAF at retail both year-over-year and sequentially. In addition to the fact that we've got kind of a firm underlying used car price, can you talk about what impact that might be having on demand to the extent that it raises the effective price of the car bit more than the underlying tech market would? 
Bill Nash: Good morning Matt. You are talking about the impact of the interest rate rise may have on the demand for the used cars?
Matthew Fassler: Exactly. 
Bill Nash: Yes, so well I think it's a factor. I believe that the bigger factors -- the used car consumer is interested in monthly payment and bigger factors that drive the monthly payments are the purchase price, the down payment, and the term. The small movements in credit rate don't have as significant impact as those other three items.
Matthew Fassler: Are you seeing -- given that the average price seems like it's still rather firm and the market is still tight, are you seeing any change in the other two or is it potentially impacting mix in any way? 
Bill Nash: No, we are not seeing any market change in regards to that.
Matthew Fassler: Got you, thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning. 
Bill Nash: Good morning Brian. 
Brian Nagel: Congratulations on this quarter. My question with regard to the used car business, so clearly there was a significant pickup acceleration in fiscal Q1 and Q4 now Bill in your prepared comments you talked about I guess less, you mentioned less pricing pressure. So the question I have is, was that it, as you look at this quarter and going from a negative 8 to negative 2 call it was the absolute primary factor less pricing pressure, if not what were the other factors and as I think about the pricing dynamic, I guess this is maybe a somewhat of a follow up to Matt's question but how does that progress through the quarter and how should we think about it so far here in fiscal Q2?
Bill Nash: Okay Brian, good question. So I think the best way to talk about this is first start talking about what I talked about in the fourth quarter. So in the fourth quarter we had higher acquisition prices, we talked about the spread, it was unfavorable between late model used and the new. We obviously had a tough comparison. We also talked about, there was a post election talk from the prior year. We also saw there was a more supply to prior year on large SUV, more affordable ones. So there was a litany of things but certainly the higher acquisition price in that spread was a major call out. And what I would tell is it is still -- there's still a large spread year-over-year on acquisition although it is trending in the right direction. I also think that if you look at the Consumer Price Index it looks like new cars are holding their value, have started to hold their value again better than used cars which started in this quarter. So I think both of those helped this quarter. And again we're still continuing to work on a lot of our initiatives and make progress on it so we have another quarter of that and that I think helps to benefit. And then there's other known things like what competitors are doing, how they're pricing that kind of thing. So, again I think this quarter there's a lot of noise similar to last quarter but some of the trends, some of the more macro trends are trending in favorable direction of course.
Brian Nagel: Got it, thanks for all the detail. 
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Kennison from Baird. Please go ahead. 
Craig Kennison: Hey, good morning and thanks for taking my question. You mentioned lower traffic and better conversion as more activity moves on line, that's been the trend. I'm curious about any updates to changes in your store staffing model that you're experimenting with and whether there's any opportunity to broaden any of those experiences to -- or experiments to change your cost structure there? 
Bill Nash: It is a good question Craig. In previous calls I've talked about some of the waste initiatives that we've been looking at and we've been focused on stuff that goes right into cost of goods sold and we've also been focused on stuff with SG&A and under SG&A one of the things we've been focused on is better workforce utilization. And we've made changes over the last year on how better to leverage our workforce and with technology advancements we will continue to make sure that we're taking steps to better leverage our work force. So, that's still work in progress at this point.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. I have one quick question and then a real question so Katharine forgive me. The one quick question was just on the marketing spend, it looked relatively flattish year-over-year. I didn’t know if that was timing or if marketing is just going to be more constrained this year in general? And then secondarily I'm just wondering if on the delivery pilots you are doing or anything related to e-commerce if the credit characteristics of the customer are any different than your in store customers?
Bill Nash: Okay Sharon on the marketing spend there was some timing there so I think the way you should think about that is it'll be similar when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, it should be similar on a per unit basis. So there was some timing at play there. On the delivery pilot you were asking have we seen any different mix in our credit customers? 
Sharon Zackfia: I'm just wondering if the credit characteristics of that customer are materially different at all from your in store customers?
Tom Reedy: Yeah, generally as you look at this over time Sharon there has tended to be a little bit more skewed towards lower credit as you'd expect. People are less desiring to see heftier value saved. We don’t have any -- it is not big enough a break at this point to talk about anything in that pilot. I mean things are -- it is too new because this is different. 
Bill Nash: Yeah and I think that what comes speaking to is more relevant to the pre-approval process not necessarily the whole delivery experience. I mean we're seeing where customers are -- the customers that would take us up on it are looking for convenience and/or they just can't physically for whatever reason get to the stores. But as far as the overall mix of customers that take that versus coming to the stores we haven't seen any big difference at this point. 
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, thank you
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys. I know you guys don't do a whole lot on the forecast side but based on everything you see are there any reasons, logical reasons in your view why used vehicle values would not assume a more normalized depreciation curve now that we're call it closing in on a year away from the all those lost vehicles from the flooding last year?
Tom Reedy: Yeah, you know Scot I would like to speak to this. In this first quarter like I said in my opening remarks we did see a more normalized depreciation curve although it is starting at a much higher price point just given what happened at the end of last year with the hurricanes that kind of thing. So -- but as far as going forward I would be expecting -- I don't know, I just know that in the first quarter we've seen a return to a more normalized depreciation.
Scot Ciccarelli: Understood, okay, thank you. 
Bill Nash: Hey Scot I do think that we would expect to continue to see the supply of vehicles from everything we understand. That's why vehicles will still continue to roll into the auction lanes which obviously will have an effect on acquisition prices. 
Scot Ciccarelli: That makes sense. Okay, thanks guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead. 
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. My question is around online lead growth as I had asked about in recent quarters could you give us some commentary on whether or not you continue to have elevated [ph] lead growth online and the quality of those leads? 
Bill Nash: Yeah, Seth we do continue to have double-digit lead growth. Our website traffic right now, the majority of the growth is being driven by SCO which we've obviously talked about several quarters now. And the improvements that we're making there as far as the lead quality it is similar to last quarter. The mix is similar so there was no real change in the mix of leads. And the leads, specific types are performing like they have in the past whether they come online or whether they come through the store.
Seth Basham: Got it and just as a follow up to that then if you're talking about a similar level of lead growth and similar level of quality what drove the improved conversion this quarter in your view?
Bill Nash: Well, we did have more actual traffic. Web traffic this year and then I think the stores continue -- I talked in our opening comments about the training and the tools that we're giving associates to better enable them to progress the customer. So I think it's a combination of store execution but I do think it's also increased traffic coming to the website.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Montani from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, thanks this is Gail Alexio [ph] on for Mike. I was wondering if you can please help us understand maybe how you think about getting the comps to accelerate with the multichannel initiatives that you have in place, maybe discuss the home delivery and appraisal, and what you learn from the pilot and how you see the bullet as to roll that out further?
Bill Nash: Well, a lot in that question. Look, we are focused on driving comps. You know we are continuing to grow store base so we will grow the business that way. But we're really focused on continuing to leverage our existing footprint and reach customers in ways that we haven't previously been able to reach. So I think the initiatives that we've been working on will help us leverage our infrastructure in ways that we haven't and we should be able to continue to drive mid single-digit comp growth across the enterprise. So we feel good about that. 
Unidentified Analyst : Okay, thanks and maybe have you considered accelerating market penetration because there are still 40% of the country where you have no presence while maybe some of your competitors are pretty rapid at growing their footprint nationwide? 
Bill Nash: Yeah, so it is going to be a combination. We are very comfortable at the pace of which we're opening new stores in this 13 to 16 range because it also allows us to focus on the execution of the business. But we also feel like we can increase market penetration just through our existing footprint for the reasons I cited in the earlier question. So we're focused on both.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Murphy at Bank of America. Please go ahead.
John Murphy: Good morning guys, maybe kind of just to follow up that, I'm just thinking about the sort of installed base of stores and the online efforts, just curious if you think that there may be markets above and beyond sort of the smaller markets that you're getting into in the winter, you're talking about that might be much larger than the 600,000 MSA and just curious is there kind of a strategy here to going to smaller markets or is it just where the opportunity is right now and that as we go one, two, three years out large MSA's might make sense? And also as we think about the store base is there a potential over time to maybe call some inefficient stores and leverage your online efforts a lot more to create greater productivity in markets? 
Bill Nash: Yeah John, well this year we're opening up more stores and the small MSAs that's just a function of the property that we've got. You'll see us still opening up stores in larger markets to your point really reaching about 70% of the population and there's a lot of large markets that we can continue to add additional stores. So, while there have been more in small markets -- will be more in small markets this fiscal year it's a more a factor of timing and you'll see us going, continue to put more stores in larger markets in the future as well.
John Murphy: And then just in the existing store base as the base develops over time would you ever consider in some markets shrinking the store base because you might be able to get a lot more efficient with your online efforts? 
Bill Nash: Yeah, at this point I don't see the need to do that and we obviously evaluate all our stores. We're pleased with all of our stores. You know we haven't -- we've never had to shut one, the performance has been good and keep in mind we just opened up our 192nd store so it's not like we have hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of stores or thousands of stores. I feel really good about where the stores are placed and being able to leverage those in that infrastructure which I think is really important when you're looking to sell large volume vehicles like we do.
John Murphy: Great, it is very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Healy from Northcoast Research. Please go ahead. 
John Healy: Thank you. Bill, I wanted to ask a little bit about the wholesale business. In the last few quarters that business has done exceptionally well in terms of units and we're just trying to understand -- I know you mentioned the buy rates are up but how are you guys growing that business as much as you are with the call it the traffic in the stores and is there decoupling there that's kind of more permanent and how should we think about the wholesale business kind of growing more long-term for you guys and I used to think it was just more related to kind of the comps and measuring the traffic but just trying to think about that business for the next couple years? 
Bill Nash: Yeah John, the way I think about wholesale, over the long period of time wholesale and retail should grow I would say roughly similarly. Now you've seen -- you have covered this long enough that you know that in certain quarters one maybe up, one maybe down or over multiple quarters. Certainly wholesale has been. Performing very nicely which is a benefit to the diversified model when retail sales may be down wholesale may pick you up a little bit. And what I would tell you is that I think it's a factor of one, one of the things I said in the opening remarks is obviously with prices at an all time high that certainly helps us because we can continue to put more vehicle, I mean more money on the customers vehicles which bumps that buy rate up. But I would also tell you, it also goes to the execution and the improvements that we've made on making sure that we can react quickly to market, making sure that we understand the market factors quickly. So there's an execution piece at the store level where I think they're doing a better job than they have ever done. So, I don’t think you should think that hey, this is always going to outgrow the retail. I think I still have the long-term view that over the long-term both of that will grow about the same.
John Healy: Fair enough and just along that lines when you look at that customer that's come in are they -- is there any change in converting them at the purchasing car with you guys, is it a similar ratio or has that evolved over the last year or two any different than we've seen in the past? 
Bill Nash: No, that's pretty similar.
John Healy: Thank you so much and great quarter. 
Bill Nash: Thank you John.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Albertine from Consumer Edge. Please go ahead. 
James Albertine: Good morning and thanks for taking my question and congratulations as well. If I may on the EPP comment that you had earlier just want to unpack a little bit what you think is driving the lower provider costs and if you can shed a little bit more detail or light on the accounting adjustment, I don't recall you mentioning the same adjustment in the fourth quarter, just want to understand kind of what's going on there with in terms of the recognition of revenues in that business? Thanks. 
Bill Nash: Yeah sure Jamie. And as you might imagine they're a bit intertwined. The reason that we're able to get some cost reductions from our providers on the EPP revenue is that those plans have been exceeding their expected performance from a cost kind of benefit perspective for the last several vintages I guess is the way to describe it which means that there's room to either decrease the pricing or take a little bit more margin. This quarter we realize some cost benefits, we believe we are able to take a little bit more margin for the shareholders and not impact penetration which turned out to be the case. And so that's where that growth arose from. As far as the accounting it is arriving from the new revenue recognition standard which has a very immaterial impact on our core business accounting but it does have some impact on extended planned revenues. So our vendor agreement that I referenced before provides for payments to CarMax. If the long-term performance of those plans exceeds certain thresholds and certain of those plans and certain of those vintages are exceeding this thresholds.  In the past when those payments came to us we just recorded them as when we received a check, but under the new accounting standard we have to estimate the amount that we expect to receive, record it as receivable and then true it up each quarter based on the circumstances at the time. So that $4 million that you see represents the true up of that receivable from what we learned during the quarter, during the fourth quarter. I mean I am sorry during the first quarter. And we also -- we added a minor receivable of about $13 million after tax on the balance sheet for recognition of this phenomenon if you will. So the 4 million like our loan loss reserves we will have to evaluate just on a go forward basis and we'll plan to disclose any material adjustments to that expected receivables so investors can discern which revenue relates to activity in the current period versus payments that we are getting from prior vintages. I think that will just make it a little bit more clear. But it is real dollars, it's money that we expect to collect on a cash basis, just relates to plans that are already out there and in place.
James Albertine: Thank you for the detail. If I may just a clarification on the performance that you noted, it was a little bit better than the providers and yourselves perhaps we're expecting, is there any mix related driver to that -- I am just trying to get a sense of… 
Bill Nash: I don't think it's a mix related thing, I think it's just that an overall performance is better than they had apprised to. 
James Albertine: Got it, understood, thank you again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Armintas Sinkevicius from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Armintas Sinkevicius: Good morning, thank you for taking the call. The recent performance for Carvana has been pretty incredible and I know you've invested quite a bit in the customer experience capabilities, so just curious if you could compare and contrast their approach versus the capabilities you have and if you decided to go down that path, a similar path that they have gone down what are some steps you have to do to adjust the business model or tweaks because it seems like you have many of those capabilities already in-house?
Bill Nash: Like I said in my opening remarks we've been testing different pieces of the capability whether it's online finance, online appraisals and we've been doing it somewhat in isolation, somewhat in combination and now our focus is really bringing all that together in a comprehensive e-commerce package that we can roll out and continue to adapt it as the customer's expectations continue to change. So we feel really good about all that and I think it complements our existing base and our infrastructure. It allows us to provide, certainly gives us an advantage to deliver exceptional customer service whether it's online, whether they want to do a mix of the online versus in-store, or if they want to come all into the store. I don't want somebody to have to hit our website and then immediately have to decide right then I want home delivery or I don’t want home delivery. I want the customers progress on their terms and if part of the way through this you don’t home delivery, I want it to be an easy smooth transaction. So we are going to let the customer drive the process, however, they want to drive it versus okay we've got one solution for one type of customer and that's what we're focused on.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Got it and what has been your experience with regards to the transportation of vehicles as far as the cost benefit there? 
Bill Nash: Well, I would tell you we are probably one of the biggest transporters of vehicles. We probably move close to 2 million cars a year. So we're very familiar with transportation. I think we have an excellent logistic system which we're heavily focused on continuing to make that even better through investments and I think that it has been and will continue to be a big differentiator for us.
Armintas Sinkevicius: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Nelson from Stephens. Please go ahead. 
Richard Nelson: Thanks and good morning. Tom, can you tell us if you are seeing any difference in website traffic or store traffic in markets where you are competing with these online home delivery concepts? 
Tom Reedy: Yeah Rick, so what I can tell you is if I look at the large markets where competitors are making headway I would tell you we're also making headway. So there's no direct correlation to any type of impact. We just don't see it. So again we feel good about where we are in those markets.
Richard Nelson: Thanks and good luck. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Whiston from Morningstar. Please go ahead. 
David Whiston: Thanks, good morning. I just want to get a little more understanding on the big picture of what went on this quarter because you're saying your comps are down due to macro pricing factors which I assume means having new vehicle incentives but used pricing was also up, so can you help me reconcile that and then kind of related maybe is there high use demand in certain vehicle segments that's skewing these pricing upward? 
Tom Reedy: No, I think what we have is a bit of a carryover from the spike in prices from last fall. So you have a starting higher price. We saw normal depreciation but you're starting from the higher pricing. When I say normal depreciation cycles, the year actually starts off with some appreciation because of sales that generally happen at tax time. So, that is different than what we saw last year's first quarter where it was more of a flat environment, you didn't really any appreciation. So you have a little bit of a double hit on the acquisition cost and that you still have the residual left over from what we experienced in the fall, added to that you have some appreciation that we saw from the normal seasonal appreciations/depreciation. So, that acquisition price that you mix adjusted, it is a little bit more favorable than it was the first quarter. So that's trending in the right direction. The other thing that I cited was the spread between new and used that had gotten smaller. New cars last quarter with their incentives had actually lost more value than used cars which is kind of atypical. During this quarter we started to see where that looks like that's turning back to normal where the new cars hold their value a little bit more. So there's a lot of noise going on with this for the quarter.
David Whiston: Is it fair to say you're expecting pretty sharp fall offs as soon as this quarter is over due to the hurricane tailwind going away? 
Tom Reedy: But it's hard to say. I mean I would have thought that it would have happened a little bit quicker but considering that we had a normalized appreciation and depreciation cycle it's really hard to say. I would say to my comment earlier we think supply is going to continue to increase. If the supply continues to increase then that will continue to lower the prices of used vehicles.
David Whiston: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning again. So my follow up question also on the used car business, we noticed continued decline in that Tier 2 penetration, recognizing that some of this is out of your hand and this reflects the market conditions. But you have recently made changes to your lending group within that pocket, so how should we think about that co-order sales going forward?
Tom Reedy: Are you referring to Tier 2? 
Brian Nagel: That's correct. 
Tom Reedy: Yeah, I think we are always looking at that group. We think that we believe there's a value in having a portfolio of lenders and some of the experience we had last year and into the first quarter of last year is evidence why it's important to have a group of lenders. But as I mentioned in my prepared comments we did see a deterioration in performance. We defined performance as sales volume to the applications that that group sees or those lenders see. And so we do see deterioration performance after the first quarter of last year. Since that time it's been pretty consistent. In fact modestly better than it was in recent quarters. So on a go forward basis I can't tell you how our partners are going to behave, it's going to be depending on the marketplace and what they're seeing in their portfolio. Obviously we'll continue to pay attention to it, we will continue to try to manage and optimize it but things have been pretty stable in the last three quarters. 
Bill Nash: Brian, you still there. Well, I think we lost Brian. Operator are there any more questions. 
Operator: We have no one in queue at this time. I will turn the call back over for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Well listen before I close I do want to take a moment to recognize Cliff Wood who has been our Chief Operations Officer. He's retiring next month, he has been with CarMax for more than 24 years. I've had the privilege to work with him for 21 of those years. He's been instrumental in building our industry leading operations, he's been a key champion for our associate-focused culture and we all wish him the best in the future. As always I also want to thank our 25,000 associates that are out there for what they do every single day, how they take care of each other, our customers and their communities and I thank you all for joining the call today and for your interest in CarMax and we will talk again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-04-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Vice President, IR Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President and CFO Bill Nash - President and CEO
Analysts: Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Seth Basham - Wedbush Michael Montani - MN Matthew Ziehl - Oppenheimer Funds John Murphy - Bank of America Derek Glynn - Consumer Edge Research David Whiston - Morningstar Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kim and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2018 Q4 KMX Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Katharine Kenny: Thanks Kim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2018 fourth quarter earnings conference call. On the call today are Bill Nash, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2017 filed with the SEC. Thank you in advance for asking only one question and a follow-up before getting back in queue.  Now I’ll turn it over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. I’ll be in today’s call with our quarterly results than I’ll turn it over to Tom, who will be financing and later I will update you on our initiatives. Our used unit comps for the fourth quarter decline by 8% and total used units fell by 3.1%. This is driven by lower traffic and relatively flat conversion. Remember that in the fourth quarter, we were facing our toughest year-over-year comparison. We are disappointed with the decrease in our quarterly comps, which we believe it’s partly due to macro pricing factors that resulted in a softer sales environment.  Although used vehicle pricing has fallen since October 17th, valuations were still significantly higher than in last year’s fourth quarter. The increase in CarMax’s average selling price in the fourth quarter was due to growth in our average acquisition costs and would have been higher absent the changes in our sales mix. At the same time, new vehicle pricing appears to have fallen further with [indiscernible] still higher than last year. These dynamics, which vary over time lead us to believe that during our fourth quarter, the pricing spread between new and late-model used vehicles was pressured which we think adversely affected our sales.  Despite the softness in our fourth quarter, we are encouraged by the fact that the used market has historically been self-correcting and we believe that off lease supply that continues into the market should drive used prices lower. For the calendar year, our data shows that we were able to grow our comp market share by almost 7%, the largest increase in 4 years. Our website traffic grew in the fourth quarter by 16% as we continue to enhance our website and SEO capabilities. Gross profit per used unit once again remained consistent at 2,147 compared to 2,134 in the fourth quarter of last year.  Our wholesale units grew by 9% year-over-year in the fourth quarter due primarily to the growth in our store base and the continuation of a higher buy rate. The buy rate was supported by the higher used vehicle valuations. Gross profit for wholesale unit of $946 was similar to the $938, we reported in last year’s fourth quarter. The decrease in other gross profit was primarily driven by lower unit sales, which impacted EPP and service. In regard to service, we also saw some compensation related pressure due to the fact that approximately one half of our discretionary bonus was allocated to service.  Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me cover our sales mix and SG&A expense. As a percentage of our sales, zero to four-year old vehicles decreased to about 76% versus 77% in the fourth quarter last year. Large and medium SUV and truck sales were slightly above 27% down about a 0.5% from last year’s fourth quarter and up from 26% in the third quarter.  On SG&A, expenses for the quarter increased approximately 6% to $409 million or year-over-year increase of $207 per unit. Several factors impacted SG&A expense including the opening of 19 stores since the beginning of the fourth quarter of last year, which represents an 11% growth in our base and a decrease of $9 million or $0.47 per unit related to share-based compensation expense.  In addition, as we discussed in the past, our SG&A expense growth continues to be affected by our investment in technology platforms and digital experience. However, this quarter’s deleverage was largely due to our comp sales decline.  Lastly, while Tom will review how tax perform impacted quarterly results, let me briefly address our strategy on the use of cash flows created by the reduction in our effective tax rate. Our goal is to continue to invest in our associates and in our company and drive higher shareholder returns.  As we mentioned in our press release, we paid a one-time discretionary bonus to eligible associates which was about 80% of our population. For FY ‘19 we implemented additional associate benefit options and we’ll be evaluating more enhancements in the future. We also plan to invest incrementally in our business including our digital and technology capabilities. While this thing will put pressure on pre-tax income growth in FY ‘19, we would still expect 70% to 85% of the tax benefit to impact our bottom-line. These investments don’t change our current outlook on SG&A leverage. We continue to estimate that we would begin to reduce our SG&A expense per unit at the higher end of our long-term guidance of mid-single-digit comps. Now, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Bill. And good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter we saw some of the same year year-over-year trends in sales mix by finance channel that we’ve seen in recent quarters, specifically some decline in Tier 2 originations, growth in Tier 3 and modest expansion in the percent of sales where customers paid cash or brought their own financing.  The allocation of sales across our lending channels was largely driven by the mix of credit applications. Tier 2 accounted for 15.4% of sales compared with 18.2% last year. Third-party Tier 3 grew to 11.7% of sales -- used unit sales compared to 9.4% last year. And CAF penetration net of three-day payoffs remained flat at 42.8% versus 42.9% of last year’s fourth quarter. CAF net loans originated in the quarter were flat at 1.4 billion. While unit sales were lower, we saw an increase in the average amount financed commensurate with the growth in CarMax’s average selling price.  CAF income increased 22% to 101 million. This was due to result of a lower loss provision and the 9.4% growth in average managed receivables, partially offset by a slight compression in the portfolio of interest margin.  Total portfolio of interest margin was 5.6% of average managed receivables compared to 5.7% in both the fourth quarter of last year and the third quarter of this year. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers increased to 7.9% compared to 7.4% a year ago and 7.7% in the third quarter.  Our ending allowance for loan losses was 129 million or 1.11% of ending managed receivables. That’s flat sequentially from Q3 and down from 1.16% in the fourth quarter of last year.  Before I turn the call back over to Bill, let me make a few points about tax and about capital structure. As you saw in the release, the revaluation of our deferred tax asset was 32.7 million which is significantly lower than our early forecast. This was largely the result of deliberate tax fining actions. Between the December when tax reform enacted and the end of our fiscal year, we identified and executed on a number of opportunities to optimize tax savings related to the change in tax law. For future quarters, we expect our effective tax rate to be around 25%. Remember, as we have seen in the past, there has been variability around that estimate due to state taxes and other items such as the adaptation in fiscal 2018 of the FASB guidance regarding share-based comp concession. We would expect this potential variability to continue in the future.  Regarding capital structure, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.9 million shares for $128 million. For the full year, we repurchased 8.9 million shares at a cost of $574 million. As of the end of the year, we have approximately $1 billion remaining in our authorization. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thanks Tom. During the quarter we opened four stores, two in new markets for CarMax, [indiscernible] South Carolina and [indiscernible] and two in existing markets, Boston and Denver. During fiscal 2018, we opened 15 stores and had 188 stores open at the end of the year.  In the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we planned to open three stores. Our store in the Greenville North Carolina market opened last week and is a new market for CarMax. The other two were opened in Dallas and Miami both of which are existing markets for us.  During fiscal 2019, we once again plan to open 15 stores, 10 of which will be in what we define as small markets as MSA’s with a population of 600,000 or less. We also plan to open between 13 and 16 stores in fiscal 2020.  Now I want to update you on some of our strategic initiatives. During the fourth quarter, we completed the full roll out of our new enterprise wide customer relationship management or CRM platform to all stores. The new CRM platform enables a more seamless and personalized car buying experience by delivering a unified view of our customer shopping and selling history across all locations.  We are also testing an extra [ph] pick up feature in our Charlotte North Carolina in Lynchburg Virginia stores. This option allows the customer to do virtually everything from home and complete the purchase at the store. The expatiated pickup can take us as little as 15 minutes but it's all driven by customers interest in reviewing information about the vehicle for completing the test ride. In addition, we completed the roll out of our new 360 degrees in terracotta featured to all stores. As part of the roll out, we also updated our photo software in all stores which will dramatically improve our ability to quickly innovate our photo capabilities in the future.  And finally, we rolled out our new mobile appraisal platform for buyers to nearly stores this quarter. The platform enables our buyers to be more efficient which has reduced appraisal time. We are very pleased with the progress we’ve made on both advancing our technology capabilities for associates and our digital experience of our customer, not only for the quarter but for the year. This coming year, we will continue to focus on meeting the customer on their terms, whether it's in the store, online or a combination of the two. Customers want flexibility and control in their shopping and buying experience. Our associates, our national footprint, brand strength, infrastructure, inventory scale and our continued investments in technology and digital capabilities position us to continue to leave used car industry.  At this time, we’ll be happy to take questions. Kim?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first quarter comes from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Matt Fassler: My question relates to the dynamic focus in the macroenvironment and it's really -- have you ever seen the reactions [Technical Difficulties].
Bill Nash: Hey Matt your question broke up a little bit but I think you were asking about the macro pricing environment and kind of what we think about, as I said, obviously first-of-all we ‘re confident about a tough year-over-year but a big factor of that is the pricing environment. I think it really hits on two sides, it's not only that our acquisition price went up on all inventory, but also I think that there was pressure on the spread as I mentioned in my opening remarks, I think there was pressure on the spread between a late model used car and a new car, but because of our acquisition price going up and new car prices coming down in relative terms year-over-year.  If I look back over the last two years, we've been seeing prices all of last year we saw our acquisition prices going down. The first two quarters of this year, we saw our acquisition prices going down. Third quarter, we saw a little bit of an uptick and then we saw significant uptick in the fourth quarter. I think this is one of those things we have seen in the past what it goes through like I said in my opening remarks, is the wholesale market is pretty much self-corrected. It takes a little bit of time but it will end up correcting itself.  The other thing I would just say is from a comparison stand year-over-year, we've lack some big technology improvements the biggest being on finance. Last year we saw a larger supply of affordable large and medium SUVs which we haven't seen year before. So, I think there is a lot of noise that's basically going on there.
Matt Fassler: Can you hear me a bit better now? If we look for clues for improvements, should we be more focused on used car pricing so that we can follow that or focus on what we [Technical Difficulties].
Bill Nash: I think really what we should be focused on is just the overall wholesale environment and what is doing to prices across the board, are the acquisition prices going down or they going up. New car certainly plays and its part of that when you talk about the spread. So, it will be interesting to see as we go forward. Although it seems like incentives have started to come down a little bit, they are still higher than they were a year ago. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. Can you help us better understand some of the various pressures on gross profit in the other category for the quarter specifically on the service revenues et cetera?
Bill Nash: Sure, Scot. Like I said, on the service side, we had a little bit of headwind. I mentioned one for Thank You bonus, a big chunk of Thank You bonus went right to the service line. So, it was overcoming that. We also saw an increase in some health and welfare fringe benefits that went into that that line up as well. And then of course just the impact of lower use sale and the deleveraging by not selling as many cars also was an impact. 
Tom Reedy: Hey Scot, and to give you a little additional color too. I mean the way that we are accounting for this service business is that we have like kind of a standard cost and fee to each car. And we have to cover our overhead which is pretty much fixed and based on the staffing that we have. If we have a reduction in the cars versus our expectations, it doesn't cover -- that line item is not going to cover all of the overhead that we've got buried in there. Also, with regards to kind of compensation and health and welfare it's a very big piece of the overall P&L for service and some changes and it's a relatively small profit lines from a P&L perspective. So, swings in that part of the service line will have a more dramatic impact on the overall profitability there and then they do for the company overall reap all of the SG&A. 
Scot Ciccarelli: And then I guess the mix on the lending tier 2 to tier 3, that's pretty much a direct flow through from revenue down to the profitability, that's 100% flow through that $5 million. 
Tom Reedy: Yeah, I mean as we've talked before. Every tier 2 that swaps through the tier 3, you lose $300 in commission that we get from Tier 2 and it turns into paying out a $1,000, so there is roughly a $1,300 swing and everything you see move out of Tier 2 and into Tier 3. We’ve also seen growth in other which represent zero versus something paid in Tier 2.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Sharon Zackfia : I appreciate the color on the full year market share, and I know that shorter periods are kind of harder to discern. But I’m just wondering, if you believe, you’ve seen any signs of competitive infringement over the past few years or anything that would kind of impede the longer-term unit growth runway or market share runway?
Bill Nash: No. From a competition standpoint, we believe our prices are absolutely competitive and part of that is just by the continued large volume of vehicles that we sell in any given location. I mean we’re still averaging for the year over 330 vehicles per location. And that being said, we also monitor our competitive pricing both regionally and locally. And Sharon as you know, we’re constantly testing every quarter raising prices, I’m sorry taking our margin and maybe lowering it, raising it. We’re doing pricing test all times to see elasticity on the impact that it has on sales. And what I would tell you is that we’re obviously trying to sell as many cars as we can, but to also optimize total gross profit dollars. So, we feel very comfortable on the competitive landscape at this point.
Sharon Zackfia : Can you also give us an update on where your aggregate market share is at this point and where is your top market share now? Is that Richmond or Charlotte? And where does that stand?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, our top markets are going to be our oldest markets, because they’ve obviously been through the most buying cycles. So, it’ll be your older markets, the Richmond market, the Charlotte market some of these older markets. I think you’re asking about the national market share how do we stand there?
Sharon Zackfia : Right. Relative to kind of where you are in those oldest markets.
Bill Nash: Okay. Nationwide, we obviously gain market share. Market share on the national actually was a little bit higher gain. I think 7% was the comp, national was a little bit higher than that. National was still about, when you look at zero to 10, we’re still around 3.3% in the comp markets were more like 4.5%, 4.6% and then in our most mature markets, we’ve talked about before, being at above 10%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: The question I have, Bill I just want to dive a little bit deeper [indiscernible] the first question was asked is with regards to the pricing dynamic now and you’re calling out that being sales the headwinds here in the fourth quarter. But just looking at how do we make sense of the various costs for example. Because there's clearly a larger supply of all these vehicles now hitting the market, which should be, it should weigh upon pricing. We go back to your third quarter conference call, I think we talked about post-hurricane this dynamic being an issue. But it sounded like it has started to normalized or abate somewhere early in the fourth quarter. So, I guess, the question I’m asking is, what’s behind all this, what’s happening out here? And then is there still a hurricane, if you’re and give us more specifics on how we should think about, when this this dynamic should abate?
Bill Nash: Sure Brian. So, as I think about the supply. Like I said earlier, if you go back all through last year and through the first two quarters of this year, the added supply of let’s say of leased cars coming into the marketplace absolutely benefited us from an acquisition cost. Our acquisition cost all of last year and for the first two quarters of this year were down, which we would expect to see when you have a higher supply of vehicles. There was the third quarter dynamic where you had this big push on inventory demand because of the hurricane replacement. So, in the third quarter we saw our acquisition prices start to tick up in the third quarter that continued into the fourth quarter. And remember, we were buying inventory during that period and we were buying inventory that will get us through a couple of months ahead of time. So, do I think that the -- we’re kind of through the inventory anomaly that was post hurricane, I do think we are through that but prices still have to recover. While they are depreciating, they still haven’t gotten back to where they were a year ago. 
Brian Nagel: Okay. And then as far as my follow-up and I understand it’s difficult. But is there a way to isolate what specific impact this had on your comps and I guess another way to think about that is, is it -- is there a group of -- given the vast way of cars you sell, is there a group of cars that are just proportionately skewed to this?
Bill Nash: No, I mean when we look at it, it’s basically broad-based. Acquisition cost is up for pretty much everything. So, I wouldn’t say it’s skewed to one group or another. And I think that’s also just reflected in our wholesale performance and having a higher buy rate, more units in wholesale because it’s reflective of trickling down the expenses up on everything. 
Brian Nagel: Is there any quantification of the impact on Q4 starting the comps?
Bill Nash: Yes, I mean it’s hard to say of the 8% -- negative 8% ex-amount. It’s hard to say because it really trickles down into so many different things because for example not only is everything more expensive but last year we saw a little bit of a tailwind because there was more affordable large and medium SUVs. Well now everything is up. So, there’s an impact on that. So, it’s hard to actually quantify certain specific percent. But I personally believe it’s been a large headwind.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham from Wedbush. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot, and good morning. When you look at this quarter’s comp, was there a bigger deterioration in comp traffic or conversion relative to the last fiscal quarter?
Bill Nash: So, our conversion was basically flat. We had a larger decline in traffic when you think about it from quarter-to-quarter. So, I would say more of it was on the traffic than the conversion. 
Seth Basham : Got it. And when you think about conversion, it did slow somewhat. What do you think the drivers are of the slower conversion this quarter, is it simply flapping the roll out of things like pre-approval of financing online, are there things that you can point to from a conversion standpoint? 
Bill Nash: Yes, it’s interesting because we’ve been having some incremental conversion each quarter, here recently, and this one was a little softer. If you look website traffic for us, it’s up again double-digit and a lot of that growth has been driven by SEO which generates leads just like paid advertising. I think when you look at the leads any specific [indiscernible] converts the same whether its SEO or SEM but what you have to look out on a quarterly basis is the quality of those leads, some leads convert a little bit better than other leads and I think during the fourth quarter we saw an increase in leads that don’t necessarily correlate as high as some other more vehicle specifically. So, what do I mean by that? In the fourth quarter, we saw more appraisal leads, appraisal leads don’t necessarily convert as high to sales as say a vehicle appointment leads.  So, in any given quarter, you can have a mix in the lead types and I think that probably plays into a little bit of the where we landed in conversion this time which I also think is highly impacted by some of these more macro pricing environments.
Seth Basham: Got it, okay. So, continuation from last quarter in terms of the quality of the leads deteriorating a little bit in terms of the absolute growth in digital online leads, are you still doing double digit?
Bill Nash: Yeah, we’re still doing double digits but it's not as big double digits as what we’ve seen in the past. And I think that’s probably because we’re lapping over some investments and some roll out and some things and I also its partly because of what we’re seeing from a pricing standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Montani from MN. Your line is open.
Michael Montani : Hey good morning thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask first off if I could, can you just discuss a little bit the credit and lending environment and in particular if there is any incremental tightening either from cash or Tier-2 partners or if you are more still in the motor cycling tightening that I think again around three quarters ago?
Tom Reedy: This is Tom, I can kind of walk through. With regard to cap, we talked about some tightening last year and early this year but we’ve been pretty much consistent in our lending behavior since then. Obviously, we’re looking at rates that we all heard now with the increase in the benchmarks, but that’s something we’re doing on an ongoing basis.  As I mentioned, generally the shift in mix and the lending environment has been a result of the kind of the nature of the volume of applications coming through the door. I can comment a little bit on Tier-2 and 3, Tier-2 is down year-over-year about 2.8 points one is we have seen the application volume is down across the board, but most heavily in that kind of middle range. And we’ve also seen some deteriorating and conversion which we have in kind of sales to applications if you look at in that Tier-2 space. I think some of that’s the nature of the applications they’ve been seeing and some of is lender performance in that space. We’ve been talking about weakness in the last several quarters with at least one of Tier-2 lenders. I also think that in Q4 of last year we have been doing a little bit by some lender testing by other Tier-2 folks.  So, you know year-over-year in the fourth quarter I think Tier-2 was probably a bit of a headwind from us based on those factors. Tier-3 continues to perform well and we’ve seen consistent over the course of this year at least since early call it April year-over-year improvement in their sales applications so in the quality of their activity for us and I think they’ve also benefitted from some trickle down from Tier-2 not proving us strong.  But overall, I would describe the environment in our stores as robust as ever, they’re significantly more than 90% of customers are getting approval coming the door and, in the Tier, -2 phase I’d also mentioned that we've introduced another lender of course the year. And that is that Chase Auto. 
Michael Montani : Okay, great. That's helpful color. And if I could just follow up on two fronts. One is if you can provide an update on the home appraisal initiatives that you all have been doing as well as home delivery? And then the other question was just around finding that right downs between GPU and share. Because some of the data we have seen it looked like there was a modest growth to the market for used car units, but it came at a really heavy cost in terms of GPU when we think about some of the franchise dealer peers. And you all have always been -- think a little bit more disciplined in terms of balancing that. So here is the question was are you comfortable kind of continuing to sacrifice some shares if need to be in order to maintain or hold the GPU?
Bill Nash: Okay so on the first couple of points, online appraisal and home delivery. So online appraisals we continue to test in 10 stores. We're actively working on different presentations to the customer and we're continuing to learn some different things. So, I don't really have an update for you on that at this point.  Home delivery, I tend to think about home delivery on a more broader view which is alternative delivery, home delivery being one of them. We've been focused on building out the capability to enable not only home delivery but things like expedited delivery and as you heard, we've started to test expedited delivery in some stores. So, I'm pleased with the progress that we're making on both of those fronts.  As far as the GPU and share. Look, I talked a little bit about it on earlier question. We want to maximize the sales and maximize -- we want to maximize sales but we also want to maximize total gross profit dollars. And could we have sold some additional cars if we lowered our margins and lowered our prices the answer is yes. Do we feel like net, net it would have netted out more total gross profit dollars, no. But that being said, we're continuing every quarter, we test that elasticity and we're doing test. So, it's not that we're opposed to changing up the GPU as long as it produces more as long as it produces better financial results and total gross profit dollars. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Ziehl from Oppenheimer Funds. Your line is open. 
Matthew Ziehl: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask if there was any weather related and I guess it would showed up in geographic in the fourth fiscal quarter related to winter weather we got back to normal to and at times nasty winter. Did you noticed any meaningful difference in comps between [Sunbelt] and more northern markets that's weather could have some impact and maybe had an aggregate impact?
Bill Nash: Sure Matt, yeah, we obviously had lots of weather during the quarter. But like we were said in the past, weather generally once you get through the weather, you eventually went back those sales we don't think that it was any type of driver on where we ended up on comps. Because generally the only impact that would impact as you had a big weather events in a lot of stores at the very end of the quarter. And we did not see that. So, while there was impact on weather, we felt like, like we're always do that you generally get those sales back once the weather has passed. 
Matthew Ziehl: Okay, thank you. And just following up just to not the beat the horse too much on the gross profit question, you actually had your GPU tick up this quarter and it was a bit surprising that you’re willing to forgo so much sales without even giving up any gross profit. its saying all or nothing 200 bucks or 300 bucks like some of your public competitors have. But it does seem a little surprising that, that you’re willing to hold the line so hard on gross profit than it actually kicked up this quarter. Is that, how, maybe I don’t understand, how you do your testing and how real time it is. But is it possible that you’re actually surprised at the end of the day by how much sales were down and maybe your testing methodology of testing elasticity isn’t quite as real time or rapid feedback as you need it to be?
Bill Nash: No. First of all on the slight tick-up, that’s within the noise range for us. That’s not [indiscernible] we’re going to make even more. That’s just within the noise range. And again, I go back to, I feel very comfortable with our testing methodology and because we do it every quarter and we can see the results real time. So again, if you ask me if there was a surprise that we gave up so much sales, I just don’t think that -- I don’t see that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from [indiscernible]. Your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst: I guess, what surprised me this quarter was looking at the used car sales data from Edmonds for the industry looked like the number was up 3% year-over-year for December, January and February. So, given the lift there and then companies paying out employee bonuses including yourselves means people have more money in their pockets for purchases including cars. So, in light of those tailwinds, I was surprised to see the same-store sales coming where they were. Can you sort of walk me through what I might be missing there?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, I can’t speak to the Edmonds data. What I can speak to is, we look at market share on a 12-month period, because what we have found is that the market information is lagging. And it takes a couple of three months for it to catch-up, that’s why we reported on 12 months calendar year basis since we have a better understanding. And we used pocked data, which is DMV data. So, what I would say is what we seen is for the calendar year at least that the overall used for market was fairly flat. So, I can’t speak to the Edmonds for the last couple of months. Nor, I’m not sure how accurate it is on such looking at it on such a short basis. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I’m sure, it’s hard to extrapolate, but have you seen anything as far as employees with the bonuses and coming back to your stores or just given the commentary you’ve had on traffic that it’s maybe not so much?
Bill Nash: I wouldn’t have anything that would call it out. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just one more. You’re opening up 15 new stores, 10 in small markets. Maybe you can talk a little bit about plans to drive same-store profitability given sort of the emphasis on driving profitability in stores versus the actual store count?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, we are opening up 15 stores this year. And I’ve talked about this before. While we still have plenty of runway to continue to open up stores. We want to continue to try to push comp growth in our existing stores. We want to try to get more out of the existing boxes that we have and we feel like a lot of these strategic initiatives that we are working on will help to enable that. So, when we think about growth, we think about market share and how do we continue to gain market share. And while adding stores is one component of that, equally important is continuing to make sure that we leverage the existing footprint that we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Murphy from Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. Just a first question, I mean given all the volatility or sort of spike up in used vehicle pricing, I mean Bill do every consider may be going a little bit slightly older in the age spectrum in these periods of time we get a little bit further away from since competition with new vehicles, try to help same-store sales, I understand you’re very focused on GPUs and managing those but is there an opportunity to may be just drop six months or a year in the age spectrum?
Bill Nash: Well, John, we will put out there on the front lot whatever the customers are looking for. We sell up to 10-year-old cars. Retail, we also have a huge wholesale business. So, we want to make sure that the cars we put out there obviously meet our quality standards. If they don’t, we put them in wholesale. So, when I think about old vehicles, I kind of have to think about it and the aggregate of both retail and wholesale because I think as we look at some of the competitors out there, and they add lighter model used cars, that’s really kind of something that we have been doing but we do it through it through the wholesale channel. So as customers want that eight, nine-year-old car, then we’ll absolutely go and source it. But the pricing dynamic that you saw whether its light model used car or if it’s an eight or nine-year-old, it still exists and the price is still up. So that’s a headwind no matter which piece of the inventory you are looking at.
John Murphy: Okay. And then just a quick second question and follow-up. Our understanding was there was a huge stocking of inventory out of the rest of the country into Texas and Florida post the storms and that really created this weird dynamic where there was excess inventory in those markets and not enough in other markets. So, for the supply of used vehicle pricing, it really just you need those vehicles to flow back out of those markets. It doesn’t seem like that’s happening that quickly and pricing is remaining fairly high. So I know you kind of answered this question before, but I mean do you see that kind of dynamic in your stores and the options your buyers are going to where those vehicles are flowing out, we’re getting this adjustment that was kind of back out towards the end of last year, and just trying to gauge when this normalizes because doesn’t seem it’s normalized quite yet?
Bill Nash: Yes, I don’t think inventory availability in our stores was a cause for concern for us. I agree I think there was a big influx of vehicles that went down there. We certainly supported our stores by moving inventory down there. But inventory has still been available around the country, so I don’t think that that is a big factor. I do feel like we managed inventory very well this quarter given the softness in sales that we saw, inventory only grew slightly and that was really just to support the growth of the new stores. 
Operator: Your next question comes from James Albertine from Consumer Edge Research. Your line is open.
Derek Glynn: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Derek Glynn on for Jamie. I just had a follow-up on some of your initiatives. So, you had the logistics in place and the technology backbone to enable home delivery, your expedite pickup, if you decide to roll this out across your store base, how quickly could you scale this, what would that roll out basically look like? 
Bill Nash: Not really prepared at this point to talk about timing on that. I agree with you, I think we have an unbelievable logistics network that we continue to improve or continuing as I think about the investments we’re making in the business, I think that’s another area that we continue to invest in, in our transportation and our systems. What I would tell you is you know, we move a lot of cars, we’re moving close to 2 million cars a year, moving cars is not an issue for us and moving cars and getting them to individual homes, that is not an issue for us. We want to make sure that when we rolled this, it's the product that we want out there representing CarMax which is why we have been so focused on building out the capabilities. So, I’m not ready to talk about the full roll out on this but we’ll talk more about that in future quarters this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Whiston from Morningstar. Your line is open. 
David Whiston: Thanks, and good morning. Question on the small market expansion, are you noticing any real difference in the customer demographics there versus your legacy markets in terms of the credit income and the expectation either on service or also on back to John’s question on the age of the vehicle they’re looking more?
Bill Nash: No, we haven’t noticed anything that would be worth calling out and the main reason that we talked about the small markets just to give you an idea of the size of the store and therefore the volume but we have not noticed any noticeable difference on customer demographics. 
Tom Reedy: I’d add a little color there. I mean we see differences in every market that we go to, Boston is different than Atlanta is different than Houston et cetera and we contemplate those differences in demographics in our estimates of how we can sell cars there and the small markets are no different. They’re going to vary a little bit between themselves but in our models, we will contemplate those factors and make sure that we’re investing the right amount of money to get the returns we need.
David Whiston: Okay. Just one more question on buybacks, obviously you had a soft quarter now and there is a lot of uncertainty in the macro environment. My question is if you get a rather noticeable sell-off in the stock in fiscal ’19 are you willing you accelerate your buybacks to be more aggressive?
Tom Reedy: So the answer is yes, we’re not going to share, we don’t have any view at this point on what we would do and when we’re continuously looking at that and as you know as we talked about in the past we take a programmatic approach to the buyback program targeting a certain target range for leverage to the extent we have more cash flow and need to manage to that level. We’ll see a pick up, we took our real place so that our programs automatically buy more when the stock is looking at a lower value and buys less when it’s a bit rich but we have the opportunity to do additional volume if we see fit and if that ever comes to fruition we’ll obviously tell you about it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Bottiglieri from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I just want to focus on the expense a little bit, if you maintained your mid-single digit algorithm despite the announced reinvestment, simple as we put back in the core algorithm. I want to get a sense as that just a lapping investment like smaller store growth on versus lease on something else, then I have a follow up?
Bill Nash: Chris actually a function while we are continuing to invest, it’s really a function of being very disciplined and making sure that we’re taking waste out of both our SG&A and our cost of goods sold. We’ve been focused on and I talked about our focus on that really for the last year and half two years. On the SG&A side, we’ve really been focused on strategic sourcing and procurement, staff utilization on the cost to good sold side, we have been focused really on parts and labor efficiencies. And as I look at those two buckets over the last couple of years we've taken tens of millions of dollars out of there. And I think in addition that, knowing that we're doing some incremental investments I've talked about in the past now allowing at all to be incremental and being disciplined on what we're spending our discretionary money on as we continue to advance the organization forward. So, I think it's a combination of things. 
Chris Bottiglieri: That's helpful. And then, just want to step back in the mid-single digit algorithm. Can you just spend on the flexibility out there, obviously taking some cost out? But wanted to get sense how much of that's tied to like store growth and how much that's tied to like growth initiatives that you have. Just like what it could have to be in the mid-single digits and how do you think about that long term. 
Bill Nash: That's just the guidance that we basically have given. As we continue to grow we've always said it's going to take in that mid-single digit range. Although it's a little bit higher right now given the strategic investments. I would expect that overtime, as we have more stores and our new growth store growth becomes less of the percent of the store base. We should to be able to leverage less than that. What I would tell you is that time is not right now because we're investing back into the organization and into the future of the company. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 
Brian Nagel: Hi good morning again. So, I wanted to just go back again just pricing dynamic in the environment. What we're seeing in our channel checks if there is maybe a dislocation with regard to residual values and the off-lease vehicles going back to market. So, the question I have is, are you seeing that, is that interpreting to this pricing environment that you're highlighting. And if so, how does that came at the pace at which that they --?
Bill Nash: Yeah and I assume when you're talking about the dislocation of the residual value you're talking about the cars that coming back and surprisingly they're not worth what they originally thought that were going to worth is that what's you're talking about?
Brian Nagel: Yeah that's exactly what I'm talking about. 
Bill Nash: Yeah, I don't want to say I told that so. Back when we saw the high lease penetration, everybody is getting the leasing putting residual value on a vehicle is a tough thing to do. And as history repeats itself these cars come back, they're not worth what people thought they're worth. For us because we're not taking those cars in right from direct from the deal manufacturers buying those from the auction, they're going to do for what they're worth. They may hold on to them hoping that they'll bring more, but ultimately, they're going to end up selling it. So, we're buying them, we don't necessarily have to worry about what they have them and what they have to get out them. We're going to pay what we're willing to pay. So, I think while it may be impact some of the publicly traded retailers, that dynamic does not necessarily impact us. 
Brian Nagel: And from a bigger perspective, you've stepped back [indiscernible] you guys are not in well positioned to that. But could residual issue also be leading to even artificially higher prices in the marketplace with which you have to compete against, and then this has actually slowed down the pace of those cars eventually making their way to CarMax. 
Bill Nash: Yeah. Like I said, we've seen increased supply coming in for the prior six quarters before the third. I don't see we're supposed to have to a step up. And having to pay more on these vehicles to acquire them. If they do I actually think that's a good thing for us. Because our acquisition prices are going to be higher than what our acquisition price is through the auction line. So, I think that's actually a plus for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan [indiscernible]. Your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst: I don’t mean to beat the dead horse on GPU, but can you be very specific for a 1% change in comp sales? How many dollars you think that takes at the moment and how that has changed over some period of time?
Bill Nash: No. I’m not going to be specific and tell you what 1% of sales which you have to do, from a pricing standpoint. And again, we look at this every quarter and surprisingly, it’s been fairly consistent. The ratio has been fairly consistent but that’s not to say that it doesn’t change from time-to-time and we continue to evaluate every quarter. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to Bill Nash. 
Bill Nash: Thank you. I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. I especially want to thank our associates for everything they do. If you didn’t see in February, we were honored again on Fortune Magazine’s 100 best companies to work for. This was our 14th consecutive year on the list and this is truly a testament to our associates and how they care for each other, how they care to customers and how they care to the community. I want to thank you all for your time and your interest in CarMax and we will talk again next quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2017-12-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Vice President, IR Bill Nash - President and CEO Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President and CFO Cliff Wood - Executive Vice President and COO
Analysts: Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Michael Montani - MN Retail Craig Kennison - Baird Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities John Healy - Northcoast Research John Murphy - Bank of America Rick Nelson - Stephens James Albertine - Consumer Edge Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Denise, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the CarMax FY2018 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2018 third quarter earnings conference call. On the call today as usual are Bill Nash, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin as usual let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that can affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2017 filed with the SEC. I know you all remember to ask only one question and a follow-up before getting back in queue. We appreciate it. Bill?
Bill Nash: Thank you, Katharine, and good morning, everyone. As usual, I’ll start-off by talking about our quarterly results, then I’ll turn the call over to Tom to review financing, then I’ll update you on our initiatives. Our used unit comps for the third quarter increased by 2.7% and total used units grew by 8.2%. Used unit comps were driven by the effects of hurricane Harvey and Irma, along with higher conversion in our stores, partially offset by lower traffic. Excluding the hurricane impact, comps this quarter would have been essentially flat. Our website traffic grew in the third quarter by 19%. This is a result of the continued investment in our online customer experience, including SCO and additional functionality. Gross profit per used unit once again remained consistent at $2,148 compared to $2,155 in the third quarter of last year. Our wholesale units grew more than 9% year-over-year in the third quarter. In addition to the expansion of our store base, this growth was supported by the favorable depreciation environment we saw through most of the quarter. As a result, we were able to provide seasonally strong appraisal offers, which we believe led to a higher overall buy rate. Gross profit for wholesale unit also increased this quarter to $933, compared to $900 in last year’s third quarter. Again, we believe this was largely due to the more favorable depreciation environment. Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me cover our sales mix, SG&A and store openings. As a percentage of our sales mix, zero to four-year old vehicles increased to 81% versus 78% in last year’s third quarter. As a percent of sales, large and medium SUVs and trucks was 26%, which is down somewhat from the second quarter, but similar to last year’s third quarter. On SG&A, expenses for the quarter increased about 12% to $400 million. This represents a year-over-year increase of $81 per unit in SG&A. Several factors impacted SG&A growth, including the opening of 21 stores since the beginning of the third quarter of last year, which represents a 13% growth in our base and an increase of $8 million or $42 per unit, approximately half due to higher share-based compensation expense and half related to our accrual for incentive pay. Remember last year there was no accrual in the third quarter. As we previously discussed, we continued to invest heavily in technology and digital initiatives to improve the customer and associated experience. Lastly, during the third quarter we opened five stores, one in a new market in Tyler, Texas and four others in existing markets, including Philadelphia, Las Vegas, San Francisco and Seattle. In the fourth quarter, we will open four stores, two are in new markets for us, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, which opened earlier this month and Portland, Maine. The other two will be in our existing markets of Boston and Denver. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. With regards to sales mix by finance channel, CAF net penetration decreased modestly to 44.2%, compared to 45% in last year’s third quarter, Tier 2 represented 15.4% of sales compared to 17% in last year’s third quarter, Tier 3 from third parties grew to 10.8% of used unit sales compared to 9.7% last year and similar to prior periods this year, sales where customers paid cash or brought their own financing also increased relative to last year’s third quarter. The allocation of sales across our lending channels was for the most part driven by the mix of credit applications. We continued to see growth in applications across the credit spectrum. It was more pronounced at the higher and the lower ends. Also, we did observe some weakness from one of our lenders in the Tier 2 space. For CAF, net loans originated in the quarter rose 8.6% year-over-year to $1.5 billion. This was due to CarMax’s sales growth and an increase in the average amount financed, partially offset by the lower penetration. CAF income increased 15% to $102.8 million, driven by a 10.4% growth in average managed receivables and a lower loss provision, which was partially offset by slight compression in the portfolio interest margin. Total portfolio interest margin was 5.7% of average managed receivables, compared to 5.8% in both the third quarter of last year and the second quarter of this year. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 7.7%, compared to 7.3% a year ago and 7.6% in the second quarter. The ending allowance for loan losses was $128 million or 1.11% of ending manage receivables, up slightly from 1.10% in the third quarter of last year, but down sequentially from 1.15% in Q2 of this year. Now, I’ll turn to corporate finance items. As you probably noticed in the release, we experienced a reduction in our effective tax rate. The tax provision was positively impacted by $8.7 million in Q3. This relates to our adoption this year of the new FASB guidance regarding share-based compensation. The new standard requires the impact of share-based awards settlements to be reflected in the tax rate, whereas before it ran through shareholders’ equity. We expected this would introduce volatility to our tax rate and this is the first quarter where it has been significant. In regard to capital structure, during the second quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for $107 million. That’s down from last quarter’s pace as you would expect based on the stock price during the quarter. Before I turn the call back over to Bill, I’ll comment briefly on tax reform and its anticipated impact on CarMax. Our federal tax picture is pretty straight forward. So we would expect the substantially lower corporate tax rate to benefit our financial results and cash flow in future periods. We are evaluating the magnitude of the benefit, now that the legislation has been finalized and is awaiting the President’s signature. Additionally, in the period of enactment, which we expect to be our fourth quarter, we will be required to revalue our deferred tax asset based on our estimated new tax rate. We believe this would result in a one-time unfavorable impact on our tax provision of an estimated $50 million to $65 million. This range could be impacted by our analysis of final law and our fourth quarter financial results. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Tom. Now, I want to take a moment to provide you with an update on a few strategic initiatives around our innovation efforts, specifically developments in technology and online digital capabilities. The focus with technology is making it easier, faster and more efficient for our associates to provide an exceptional customer experience. While our legacy systems have served us well over the past 24 years, we’re focused on leveraging new technology with a mobile first mindset. On the technology side, we are implementing a new enterprise-wide customer relationship management or CRM platform to develop a more seamless and personalized car-buying experience. The CRM platform provides sales consultants with a unified view of our customer shopping and selling history right at their fingertips. As we continue to evolve the platform, it will provide our sales consultants with even more visibility, including the customer’s online research activities. The platform is currently in 100 stores and we plan to complete the rollout to all stores by the end of the fiscal year. The rollout has been a success so far and we’ve received great feedback and support from our sales consultants. Another example of new technology is our mobile appraisal platform for buyers to use when preparing an offer for a customers’ car. Historically, our buyers write down all the information they need to assess a vehicle and prepare the appraisal offer. With a new mobile appraisal platform, buyers use a handheld device to upload all the information in real-time at the vehicle. This makes the process easier and faster, and it should improve accuracy. The new technology has been well-received by our buyers. We have already rolled out the capability to more than 100 stores and planned to roll it out to our remaining stores over the next several months. Regarding our digital innovations for enhancing the online customer experience, we have a few updates. This quarter we expanded our test of an online appraisal tool to seven stores in the Midwest. The tool allows customers to get an appraisal offer for their vehicle by submitting information online. The test is underway in a total of ten stores now and we are continuing to evaluate customer feedback, and we’ll focus on improving the product over the next quarter. We are also making significant progress with digital merchandising, which is how we showcase our vehicles on carmax.com. Last quarter, we talked about testing a new 360 degree interior photo feature. It simulates physically sitting inside the vehicle, including the ability to pan around and see everything inside, and a zoom capability to see finer details. The response from customers on this offering has been highly positive and we plan to roll it out to all stores by the end of the fiscal year. Remember, our goal is to provide an exceptional customer experience both online and in store that helps our customers find their perfect car, purchase that car and receive that car all on their own terms. We are proud of these improvements, and as we continue to make progress and others towards that goal, we are excited about the future ahead. With that, we’ll be happy to take your questions. Denise?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: I guess question on the non-hurricane related markets in the quarter, when you think about the slowdown in the comps that you saw, I mean, is there anything that you would attribute that to? And then, kind of as a corollary, now that subprime is getting a little bit better as a percent of the mix, do you expect that to be a bigger driver as we get into the higher subprime seasons in the fourth quarter and first quarter?
Bill Nash: Yeah. So, Sharon, on the first part of the question, the slowdown in the comps in the non-impacted hurricane markets, I tell you, I would point to something that I talked about that was a benefit for the wholesale business, which was the depreciation environment. This was the first quarter this year where acquisition price actually went up year-over-year, because we did not see the normal depreciation. And I think part of the reason we didn’t see the normal depreciation for this time of year is because of the boost of the hurricane replenishment of those vehicles, which caused the overall values to hold up stronger than what they normally did. So, I think, that obviously, with continued pressure from new car incentives, I think, it’s probably a combination of those things. And then, I’m sorry, what was your second question?
Sharon Zackfia: The…
Tom Reedy: The subprime, Sharon?
Sharon Zackfia: Yeah. So subprime looks like, I mean, it’s the second quarter that’s it’s been improving on a year-over-year basis as a percent of the mix, and seasonally, that’s just a more important business as you get into tax refund season. So just kind of looking for some perspective on how excited you might be that that could be more of a driver of comps going forward?
Tom Reedy: I don’t know if excited is the right word, because we are obviously more concerned about the denominator and overall growth would be best for us. But I can give you a little bit of color on the subprime. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we saw the volume of customer applications being strongest at the highest and lowest ends. So, I think, at least in our system that says that more customers at that low end are applying for credit than we have seen in the past. And another piece of puzzle from the perspective of the subprime penetration is, we have seen this quarter and in some last quarter as well an uptick in their conversion of the applications that they see, meaning conversion to sale. So there’s been a modest uptick in the performance of those subprime lenders. I don’t know how that persists, but obviously, after a period where we saw them declining several quarters ago, it’s encouraging.
Sharon Zackfia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matt Fassler: Thanks so much and good morning. Two questions, first of all, the follow-up on the answer that you gave to Sharon’s, the sales momentum in non-hurricane markets. You spoke about the rising wholesale price environment and the change in depreciation dynamic. Are you suggesting that perhaps you held back as prices rose and would that suggest that you deliberately walked from some share for a moment in time that you thought wouldn’t be profitable or do you think that the market more broadly slowed down because the new used value equation clanged this quarter?
Bill Nash: Yeah. Matt, I think, it’s more of the market dynamics have just slowed down because of the depreciation environment. So it’s the -- that’s the second part of your question?
Matt Fassler: Thanks. That’s helpful. And then my follow-up, on wholesale volumes, you talked about your buy rate moving up given pricing dynamics. Do you think that you have adopted or adapted, I should say, to the pricing environment from a wholesale purchasing perspective differently than the market in this case as well, did you read it differently, was there some that you saw that enabled you to be more aggressive or similarly, was this kind of a market-wide dynamic in your view?
Bill Nash: No. I think, what you have to do is you have to think about it kind of over a year-over-year basis. And so last year, if we saw the normal seasonal depreciation for this time of year, that we are not speculating on where the market is going, we kind of trail the market and adjust as it goes down, we follow it down and so it puts more pressure on the margin, and when your offers are going down, it impacts your buy rate. In this quarter, where you don’t have the depreciation, any time you have more of a flat depreciation market or an appreciating market, it makes a little bit easier to maintain your buy percent, because you are giving offers -- higher offers to consumers.
Matt Fassler: Understood. Thank you so much, guys.
Bill Nash: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Montani with MN Retail. Your line is open.
Michael Montani: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Bill Nash: Good morning.
Tom Reedy: Good morning.
Michael Montani: Just wanted to ask first off on a more philosophical level, but when you think about the tax reform impacts, can you share any thinking around the potential to reinvest into either sharper pricing or even further enhance store level service versus increasing buybacks or dividends, just trying to think about how you guys might spend that potential windfall?
Bill Nash: Yeah. Michael, well, we don’t give guidance. We can say that as this capital materializes, we will carefully consider all of our opportunities and utilize the capital in ways that we believe will be in the best interest of the business, our associates, our customers and our shareholders. And like I said, so once it materializes, we will be evaluating that and I think there’s a lot of different opportunities we could look at.
Tom Reedy: Yeah. Mike, we can add a little color to that also. If you look back at our growth plans and our history, capital availability has not been a gaining factor for us in our decisions regarding growth and investing in our strategic initiatives. We are at the pace that we are at because we want to make sure that we can execute successfully on the growth and that we have the bandwidth to focus on innovation. So that’s always going to play into our thinking with regard to our pace of growth and how fast we move on things as well.
Michael Montani: That’s great. And if I could just follow-up on the innovation comment, there’s a lot of work that you all have been doing with online financing, search engine optimization and then also home delivery tests. So, I guess, I am wondering if you can just give us an update on kind of the latest learnings across the Board and just what you are seeing out there to continue to win share?
Bill Nash: Yeah. Again, I think, we’re approaching this from trying to make sure that we meet the customer on their terms. So whether they want to come to the store, not come to the store, do a combination of them in between the two, we want to make sure that we’re prepared and you hit on some of the -- when I think about online financing, that’s a capability that we are allowing the customers to do. SCO is, I think, about the growth, like our web traffic growth, a big percent of that growth, a large percentage of that growth is coming from non-brand SCO. And SCO is something that we look at every single day and it’s something that continues to be some -- we’ll continue to focus on every day, because the search engine algorithms are changing. We made a lot of progress there, everything from helping the search engines, find our pages, making sure that they can see the content on the pages, optimizing the content, adding thousands of new pages on there. SCO is going to be -- into the future is going to continue to, I think, provide benefits, I think there’s a lot of opportunities still there. So, I would say that we’re going to continue to invest in all of these things. The home delivery, when I think about home delivery, it’s really the capability that we have been building, even though we haven’t expanded the home delivery test beyond the Charlotte market, we absolutely are progressing that forward with things like online financing, with online appraisals, driving more traffic to the website. So, I feel good about the pace with which we are making the change and we’ll continue to invest in those digital experiences.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison with Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I am curious if you’ve mapped your consumer income profile, if you will against the revised tax brackets and the bill that the President may sign soon and just whether you see tax reform as a catalyst for the typical CarMax consumer?
Bill Nash: Yeah. No. We haven’t looked at that, Craig. And truthfully with the bill just signing and it hasn’t even been signed, actually it hasn’t even been signed by the President, but just passing. That’s something that we can certainly look at going forward. But we haven’t looked at that up to this point.
Craig Kennison: Thanks. And as a follow-up, in the hurricane markets, are you seeing any excess traffic still or is that all subsided?
Bill Nash: Look, I am not going to talk specifically about traffic patterns in any one market. But I will tell you is the further you get away from the actual event, the benefits vain and we have certainly seen that since the actual hurricanes.
Craig Kennison: Thanks for taking my questions.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Brian.
Tom Reedy: Hi, Brian.
Brian Nagel: So, first question, again just a follow-up on the used car sales and recognizing that you don’t give guidance, but as we look into fourth quarter and the issue you articulated, the depreciation or pricing that seemed to be a headwind ex-hurricanes here in fiscal third quarter. Should -- as we look into the fourth quarter, will that remain a headwind or do you see some type of abating -- would it start to fade? And then my follow-up question, I guess, bigger picture, we talked a lot about the digital initiative, you guys are obviously very focused there, but is -- could we -- given now that these initiatives have been placed for a while, is there a way to quantify what impact they started to have on sales? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Okay. So, Brian, on your first question, you got it right, we don’t give guidance, so -- for the fourth quarter. But what I will tell you about the depreciation environment, at the end of the third quarter we did start to see some depreciation at the end of the third quarter. As far as the digital initiatives, I am not going to speak specifically about any one initiative and what we think it’s bringing to the bottomline. If I think about our comps, I think it is the product of a lot of things that we are working on, both the digital initiatives, but also execution in the store. And I can’t point to one specific digital initiative that is leading to the bulk of the comps. It’s just not that way and it’s -- I think it’s a combination of all the different things that we are working on that has produced the result.
Brian Nagel: All right. Okay. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey, guys. Scot Ciccarelli. Bill, I know you have been asked a number of times about some of the sales cadence and sales results, but one more I wanted to throw in there. Is there a way for you to estimate the magnitude of a negative impact from the rising vehicle values, maybe by tracking your monthly or even weekly cadence against the changing wholesale price environment?
Bill Nash: Yeah. There’s no way to really to pinpoint that down. As I talked about in the opening remarks, I mean, I believe that that’s absolutely having an impact, but to a degree it’s really hard to pinpoint.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Then just a quick follow-up then, you did mention a negative impact from one of your Tier 2 providers, any chance you can help size that impact and then is that expected to remain a drag into the following quarter?
Tom Reedy: I -- hey, Scot. I am -- I can’t really talk about what we are going to see in the following quarter, because it hasn’t happened yet. But I can give you a little color, Tier 2 and Tier 3 overall, there’s a number of things that have been going on here. The volume that Tier 2 you are seeing has been much more flattish, as I said, since the growth of applications has been more pronounced at the high and low end. So that’s planning it a little bit on the Tier 2. And then, as I did mentioned, we have a lender that has -- had a significant pullback. In the Tier 2 space we expected that every lender we are partnering with is going to bring some incremental value to the table. So if we see some weakness in one of the lenders, the incremental value that that lender is -- has been providing is likely to trickle down to Tier 3 and see them, and probably, have a little bit less conversion there. So we would expect that we are feeling some impact on sales. And it -- it’s an issue that has been percolating for the last several quarters. I can’t really say how long it’s going to be. But the conversion in Tier 2 is down a little bit, because of that and then so for a combination of the volume, the conversion and that one particular lender, I think, Tier 2 is a little bit is weaker than it has been historically. And conversely, we are seeing Tier 3 up a bit, because their performance has been a little bit stronger, and I think, we are seeing some trickle down from Tier 2 into that space, that we wouldn’t have otherwise seen.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Got it. All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities. Sir your line is open.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning.
Bill Nash: Good morning, Seth.
Tom Reedy: Hi, Seth.
Seth Basham: My first question is on web traffic, growth accelerated there, your comps decelerated a bit. Can you speak to what you are seeing in terms of the quality of that traffic growth and how online lead generation is trending?
Bill Nash: Yeah. So, we are pleased once again with our website growth, if we look at individual leads, different lead types, so for example, appointments or holds, online financing, prequalifications, different lead types convert differently. So as the growth of those -- the traffic growth that we have seen, it’s producing similar lead types we saw before, but on any given quarter, the mix of which ones are coming in can change, which will -- any given quarter can change the actual conversion, the overall conversion of those. I would tell you, I would much rather have that traffic coming in, have that lead coming in, because that’s an area that we can or an opportunity that we can continue to execute better on. So I am pleased with the growth. We haven’t seen a real decline by lead type in conversion, but it just depends on the mix of leads that are coming in.
Seth Basham: Got it. So the biggest thing to clarify this quarter is that you had a shift in the mix of leads coming in as opposed to conversion on each individual type of lead?
Bill Nash: That’s exactly right. That’s exactly right.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Healy with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
John Healy: Thank you. I wanted to ask just a bigger picture question on store traffic. It’s clear you guys are doing well with innovating the business from a technology and a customer, what I say a conversion standpoint. But is there way or any initiatives underway to kind of maybe drive the older model of just getting people into your stores and driving the awareness of the CarMax brand? Is there anything we should expect in calendar 2018 to maybe try to reinvigorate that kind of store level traffic, people coming to you, because they know you in the community and know you provide a good value, those types of shoppers?
Bill Nash: Yeah. John, I’ve talked about this before. I am really trying to get people to think about the business a little bit differently. Historically, we have always focused on store traffic. But nine out of 10 of the customers that buy from us, they start by hitting one of our digital properties. So the way we think about is not just store traffic, but web traffic, leads, quality of leads. It’s really how many opportunities do you have to turn a customer or turn someone into a customer. There may be some things that we do digitally, for example, online finance prequalification that may prevent people from coming into the stores. So, for example, somebody goes on and gets prequalified and they realize they can’t get financing, and therefore, they don’t come in the store. That’s actually a good thing. Now that would drive store traffic down, but it keeps that person from coming in the store and utilizing a sales consultant’s time. So we’re really looking at how many engagement touch points do we have and how are we doing with that. So as far as specifically driving just store traffic, I think, about it more holistically and think about, okay, let’s start at the upper end of the funnel.
John Healy: Okay. Fair enough.
Bill Nash: Yeah. And, John, the other thing is, I would tell you, we still haven’t, if you think about our digital spending, think about advertising as a whole, we still spend the bulk of our advertising on traditional like broadcast TV, radio, which is really an awareness brand building. So we will continue to do that, about 30% of our ad spend, I’m sorry, it’s probably more in the high upper 30%’s of our advertising spend is more digital. And I would think that we’re going to kind of maintain that mix for a while.
John Healy: Fair enough. And then just a follow-up question either for you, Bill or Tom, when you think about tax reform, one of the things I have been thinking about is highly competitive industries and I am not sure necessarily where to place the used auto business in that kind of spectrum. But do you think this is an industry that holds on to that absolute profit benefit associated with tax reform or do you think it’s likely that maybe over a multiyear timeframe that the gross margins or the operating margins in the business kind of adjust and you don’t necessarily hold on to that that savings?
Bill Nash: Yeah. John, I don’t know to be able to speak to the whole industry and what they’re going to do with that available capital. Like I said earlier, we’re going to evaluate it at the time it starts to materialize, and, certainly, one of the things that we will be looking at is from a competitive standpoint, how are we looking. But, again, that’s just one of the factors that will be considering as this money materializes.
John Healy: Fair enough. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America. Your line is open.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. I just had a question sort of about the short-term and long-term and thinking about the used price versus the resids on lease agreements and it does seem like in the third quarter with the relative increase in used vehicle pricing, relative to expectations, that may have floated closer to resids or maybe even above resids, but as we go forward and we see the increasing supply, used vehicle pricing might come under pressure and those might go back below resids. So I am just curious, I mean, there’s this thesis out there that dealers will hold on to these vehicles coming back off of lease, which is what appears to happen in the third quarter to some degree, on your third quarter anyway. How you think about that going forward and is this temporary impact that you sort of saw in the third quarter sort a result of this? I am just trying to figure this stuff out?
Bill Nash: Yeah. John, I’ll say, I think, the wholesale market is very effective and very efficient. And when you see something like the dynamics of the third and the demand goes down, it will quickly write itself. If dealers aren’t selling vehicles, they are not going to be coming and buy those cars. Dealers can only hold out so long not selling cars and not bringing cars to the auction. So, what I can say is from past experience is, when we’ve seen things like this, it eventually, because the market is efficient, it eventually turns around.
John Murphy: And that should ultimately result in better same-store sales comps for you, at least that’s my opinion, I won’t put words in your mouth?
Bill Nash: It should -- it should absolutely result in more attractive used car pricing and drive the pricing down and of course, when we have more attractive pricing from the acquisition standpoint, we can pass that to the customers and that becomes even that much more of an attractive deal versus a new car.
John Murphy: Yeah. And what we are hearing from the auction is that there’s a lot of institutional cars waiting in the wings that were sort of skittish. Just -- and just sort of one follow-up, when we think about the SG&A factors, it inflated to, I think, up $81 per unit, you didn’t cite technology spend as a sort of inflationary factor there. Are we at the point where your tech spending is sort of run rating similar year-over-year and there’s no anticipation of a significant step up that would on a like-for-like basis inflate SG&A going forward and if anything it may tail off over time?
Bill Nash: Well, over time, I think, the growth will -- the growth of that spend will absolutely tail off. If I think about SG&A, we had a fairly sizable increase in compensation and benefits, part of that, we highlighted stock-based comp and the bonus accrual, but part of that is also the folks that are working on our strategic initiative. They are embedded in there and the other overhead costs, that’s where some of the costs are showing up. And like I said all along this year, this is a heavy investment for us. This is millions of dollars. But what we try to do is not make it all incremental and we -- I think we have done a good job of reprioritizing, stopping things, repurposing people. So, what I would tell you is, the investment is baked in here. It’s just within a couple of the different breakout lines on SG&A and I think it’s offset by some of the things we decided not to do that aren’t surrounding our initiatives. The other thing I’ll tell you is, this year is going to be a heavy investment and depending on how this year ends, I would expect next year we’ll continue to invest. I talked briefly about the technology changes. We have made a lot of improvement on the customer experience side and added functionality, and now we are really doubling down on the technology that gives our associates a world-class experience. And as I think about those two things, I cited both the CRM and the mobile appraisal app for our buyers. I am pleased, I mean, those are two things that pretty much have, we started the rollout this year and we’ll get one of them completely rolled out by end of the year and the other one will be soon after the end of the year, and that’s couple of facets of our business and we still have other facets to the business that we want to tackle as well. So we are on a little bit of a journey here.
John Murphy: Okay. Thank you very much.
Bill Nash: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rick Nelson with Stephens. Your line is open.
Rick Nelson: I’d like to get your view on third-party lead generators. What proportion of sales come through these lead generators and it’s had an opportunity?
Bill Nash: Yeah. So, first of all, our primary focus is on our website. We’re trying to get the customers come to our website. There’s probably 16 million to 17 million hits coming through there. Having said that, we want to continue to use third-party generators, in the third quarter we had vehicles on CarGurus, Edmunds, KBB, to name a few. And the way we think about those is they are complementary to our website. We also look at them constantly to make sure that it’s good economic decision and what we are paying for those leads is way more than offset by the sales that we are actually getting. If we talk about the digital spend, as I talked earlier, as part of our overall advertising, third-party lead generators or search engine marketing that is a majority of our digital spend. And we’ll continue to put dollars there. It will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, depending on how productive those third-party generators are.
Rick Nelson: Thanks for that, Bill. Also I’d like to get an update on your home delivery tests and how that’s progressing?
Bill Nash: Yeah. So, Rick, like I said earlier, we still got the home delivery in the Charlotte market at this point. What we have been focused on is continuing to build out the capabilities that will not only enable home delivery but other ways to deliver customers. And like I said, the progress I think we’re making on home delivery is by adding all of this functionality, whether it be the mobile appraisals, whether it be the consumer prequalification on the financing. You build the capabilities, that enables not only home delivery to scale very quickly, but it enables maybe other ways to deliver cars to customers, like expedited delivery, that kind of thing. So I feel really good about the progress that we are making.
Rick Nelson: Okay. Thanks and good luck.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Rick.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Albertine with Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
James Albertine: Great. Thank you and good morning. And if I may just very quickly say thank you and we’re going to miss Cliff, but want to wish him the best in his retirement and congratulations to Ed, Darren and Joe on their promotions as well.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Jamie. 
Cliff Wood: Thanks.
James Albertine: On a -- from a long-term sort of strategic perspective, I think, we are all sort of working off of this idea of sort of 300 to 400 stores at maturity and sort of this comp leverage points in the mid-single digits. I am just wondering, as you are learning more and seeing more success from your digital initiatives, if you could provide sort of an update on your brick and mortar growth strategy, and whether or not sort of you are pivoting to a lower store count over time and would hope to fill in more markets with sort of digital initiatives and if that has an impact theoretically on bringing the comp leverage point down as well?
Bill Nash: Yeah. That’s a great question, Jamie. So, historically, we’ve talked in the range of 200 to 300 and, I think, on one of the recent calls I said, you can pretty much take off the 200, because we are essentially there. I really want people to stop necessarily focusing on some certain target end range, because we’re continuing to learn about the business. I want people to think more about, how can we continue to grow our market share. If you look at zero to 10-year old vehicles nationwide, we are only capturing about 3% and in our more mature markets it’s a little bit higher than 10%, and I don’t know where that can eventually grow. I want to make sure we are capturing that market share. So how we do that, whether it be continuing to add brick and mortar stores or leveraging digital, that’s what we will continue to evolve over the next few years. We are opening up 15 this year. We have already committed to 13 to 16. I feel very comfortable with that pace. But as far as an ending store number, I am not really comfortable putting that out there at this point, because the business is changing, consumer expectations and behaviors are changing and look, to be honest with you, the more we can do and grab market share with our existing infrastructure I think is a huge win.
James Albertine: Understood. Well, thanks for taking the questions. Merry Christmas, happy holidays and we’ll talk to you next quarter.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Your next question comes from are Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. So it looks like you were able to tactically drive volumes at wholesale. I was wondering if you could talk more broadly stepping back about the air pocket you saw in ‘09 through ‘11. As you are cycling through that like what’s your view on that, when do we lap that, like what’s you are going to experience in this cohort then? And just lastly, if you’re able to could you maybe tell us what the average age of typical vehicle in wholesale? Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure. So, Chris, the average age of our vehicles in wholesale is still right around 10 years. As far as the impacts of SAR kind of that bubble working through, really it’s still in that seven-year to nine-year old vehicles. When you think about the SAR being reduced, seven years to nine years ago, those cars are still funneling through or lack of those cars are still having an impact and I think we are probably at least another year and a half or two years out before I think that really returns to normal.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. That’s helpful. Okay. I am going to give Katharine an early year end gift and limit myself to one question. So thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: Hi. This is a follow-up question on finance, as we look at the quarter I think one of the clear positives here was a better trend in finance. So the question I have and I guess, stepping back is, maybe what’s -- how do you think what’s happening in your finance businesses? The better trends we are seeing now are function of a true better performance or is it more a function of, should I say, a change in expectations from what we saw last year? And I guess that, as a follow-up, the question on that too is, if you look elsewhere, there’s been more signs of, I guess, some stress in the finance markets, but CarMax is performing well here, so to a certain extent you guys -- you are bucking the trend?
Tom Reedy: Yeah. I’ll speak to that, Brian. I mean, if you look at the CAF income picture from kind of a big picture perspective, receivables are up 10.4% in the portfolio, that’s the combination of what we are originating, what’s -- and what is rolling off. Our interest margin contributions are only up 8.8%. So we are still seeing a bit of compression in that. But as we are growing the portfolio, the loss provision is lower by $4.4 million this year and that’s really reflection of last year we were in an environment of escalating losses. So, not only were we missing our booked expectations, but we were building the provisions for expectation of higher losses. And this year in all three quarters we have been generally in line with our expectations. So that -- I think it’s pretty straightforward how the environment has evolved, like, where it goes from here, I am not sure. With regard to us versus others, I can only speak to what we are seeing in our system and the performance of our partner lenders, and as I mentioned in the Tier 3 space, we’ve seen some improvement in conversion of the applications that they see. And I could also remind you that back when we saw the subprime part of our business start to decline, we were -- we -- other people were not seeing the same thing at that time either. But I don’t know if we’re bellwether or we just run a little bit differently than what you’re hearing elsewhere.
Brian Nagel: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs. You line is open.
Matt Fassler: Thanks again. Also a quick follow-up, a question about the relationship between the cadence of the wholesale market and your used car GPU, one of the questions we have gotten as we have approached the quarter is whether the fact that you were able to sell through vehicles, particularly early to midway through the quarter that you had purchased in a more benign wholesale and depreciation environment would have helped GPUs. So I am curious whether that did play out for a part of the quarter or whether the market adjusted such that the arbitrage that might -- that we might have expected wasn’t there?
Bill Nash: Matt, are you talking about wholesale GPUs?
Matt Fassler: I am talking about retail, to the extent that the market moved higher, the cost of goods moved higher through the quarter if you turn your inventory every 50 days or 60 days, whether the cars you were selling through early would have come at a more advantageous price or whether frankly you just managed two GPUs, so that you would reign in the potential profit to move the units?
Bill Nash: Yeah. I mean, Matt, you have been following us long enough now, I think, Katharine, this is the 27th quarter we have pretty much been consistent on our GPUs. And so as far as having a benefit in the early part or the latter part, I think, we have been able to prove that during different depreciation times, whether it’s rising, whether it’s declining, we have been able to manage our inventory. I think it’s one of the strengths that we have as an organization, and I would say, this quarter really didn’t present any other abnormal challenge. I will tell you, the only thing that’s a little bit abnormal this time of around was -- from a GPU standpoint was the decision to help the customers in Houston with free transfers in. So that was probably the only kind of abnormal thing that we saw this quarter.
Matt Fassler: Was there any -- and just following up on that, this is my last one, any measurable cost impact from that or the aggregate of the hurricanes that weighed on your EPS, I don’t think you have given us a number that might have held you back a bit this quarter?
Bill Nash: Yeah. I would tell you, I would probably, it was -- it’s pretty much non-material.
Matt Fassler: Got it. Understood. Thank you.
Bill Nash: All right. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions queued up at this time. I’ll turn the call back over to Bill Nash.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Denise. I want to thank all of you for joining the call today. I want to thank you for your continued support, providing exceptional customer service and continuing to improve our business is part of our DNA and I am really grateful took more than 24,000 associates that we have and for everything that they do each day to make this possible. I want to wish all of them and all of you all a happy holiday and we will talk again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-09-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - VP, IR Bill Nash - President and CEO Tom Reedy - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Rob Iannarone - RBC Capital Markets Craig Kennison - Baird John Murphy - Bank of America Mike Levin - Deutsche Bank Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Derek Glynn - Consumer Edge Research Rick Nelson - Stephens Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates Adam Jonas - Morgan Stanley David Whiston - Morningstar Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Victoria, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2018 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Hi. Good morning and thank you for joining our fiscal 2018 second quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today as usual are Bill Nash, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the Company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2017 filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Bill, let me thank you again in advance for asking only one question and a follow-up before getting back in the queue. Bill?
Bill Nash: Thank you, Katharine, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report another strong quarter. As always, I will talk about the quarterly results including the impact of Hurricane Harvey, then I will turn the call over to Tom to review financing after which I will comment on our initiatives as well as share some information on Hurricane Irma. Our used unit comps for the second quarter increased by 5.3% and total used units grew by 11.1%. Used unit comps continue to be driven by strong store execution as well as enhancements to the online customer experience, both of which support an increase in conversion. The impact of higher conversion on comps was partially offset by the effects of lower store traffic. As you may recall, Harvey hit Houston during the last week of our second quarter. CarMax’s first priority will always be the safety and wellbeing of our associates. We have approximately 1,000 associates in the Houston area and while all of them are safe now, many were affected by the hurricane. We supported them with financial assistance through our Associate Disaster Relief Fund and provided them pay for the regularly scheduled shifts while the stores were closed. In addition, we sent emergency supply to Houston as soon as possible to support associates and their families. All six of our stores in the Houston market were closed for the last 5.5 working days of the quarter. Five of the Houston stores reopened on Friday September 1st with relatively little damage. Our Gulf Freeway store remained closed until Friday September 8th. We estimate the impact to our comps to these closures was small and as we said in the past, weather can delay sales but we generally expect to make them up in future periods. This event reminded me once again of the incredible value of our national footprint and our nationwide transportation network. We have been able to leverage both as damaged vehicles needed to be removed and replaced with vehicles from other markets to quickly support the needs of our customers. Now, I’ll update you on some more of the numbers. In the quarter, we were pleased to see website traffic growth of 17%, which we believe was partially result of our efforts in SEO. Gross profit per used unit remained consistent at $2,178 compared to $2,160 in the second quarter of last year. Our wholesale units grew slightly in the second quarter. The growth in our store base and an increase in buy rates were offset by the continuation of lower appraisal traffic. Gross profit for wholesale unit increased to $950 compared to $870 in last year’s second quarter, largely due to a favorable depreciation environment in this second quarter. A few other topics and I’ll turn the call over to Tom. As a percentage of our sales mix, zero to four-year old vehicles increased to 80% versus about 76% in last year’s second quarter. As a percent of sales, large and medium SUVs and trucks rose to 27%, which is similar to last quarter but up from about 25% in last year’s second quarter. On SG&A, expenses for the quarter increased almost 11% to $405 million. This represents a year-over-year reduction of $9 per unit in SG&A. Several factors impacted SG&A growth including the 12% or 19-store increase in our base since the beginning of second quarter of last year, higher variable cost due to our increased sales, and an increase of about $16 million in our accrual for incentive pay. Remember that last year, we disclosed the measurable reduction in SG&A related to incentive pay. These were partially offset by an $11.4 million decrease in share-based compensation expense which was largely due to comping over the $10.9 million retirement related expense for our former CEO, recorded in last year’s second quarter. As we previously discussed, we continue to invest heavily in technology and digital initiatives to improve the customer experience. SG&A expense was in line with our expectations in the second quarter but recall that the first quarter saw the benefit from favorable expense timing, some of which could materialize later in the year. Lastly, during the second quarter, we opened three stores, one in the Hartford market, one in San Francisco and one in Salisbury, Maryland. During the third quarter, we plan to open five stores, one will open in Tyler, Texas, which is a new market for us, the other four stores are in current markets including Philadelphia which we just opened a couple of days ago, Las Vegas, San Francisco and Seattle. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everybody. CAF net penetration was 43.5% compared to 45.3% last year’s second quarter. We continue to see overall growth in credit applications, but more pronounced at the high and low end of the credit spectrum. Remember, last year, we were seeing measurable growth in credit applications at the higher end of the credit spectrum and a decline in application volume at the lower end. Tier 2 financing represented 16% of sales compared to 17.5% in last year’s second quarter, and third-party Tier 3 grew modestly to 9.6% of used unit sales, this compared to 9% for the same period last year. We also continue to see growth in sales where customer paid cash or brought their own financing; that was up to 25.4%, as you can see in the table in the release. CAF net loan originated during the quarter rose 7.5% year-over-year to $1.5 billion. This was due to CarMax sales growth and an increase in average amount financed, partially offset by the lower penetration. CAF income increased 12.5% to $107.9 million, driven by the 10.6% growth in average managed receivables and a lower loss provision. This was partially offset by slight compression in the portfolio interest margin. Total portfolio interest margin was 5.8% of average managed receivables compared to 5.9% in the second quarter of last year, but consistent with what we reported in the first quarter. The loans originated during the quarter at the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 7.6% compared to 7.4% a year ago and 7.8% in the first quarter. The ending allowance for loan losses at about $130 million was 1.15% of ending managed receivables, up from 1.08% in the second quarter of last year but down sequentially from the 1.18% in Q1. As you remember, we were seeing unfavorability in losses over the course of last year. This quarter’s loss experience is directly in line with our expectations. Losses in Q2 were not affected by Hurricane Harvey and the provision does not include any potential loss experience from weather events as the impacts are unknown at the current time. With regard to our capital structure, during the second quarter, we repurchased 2.5 million shares for $157 million. Now, turn it back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Tom. We continue to be focused on driving what’s possible through both execution and innovation. We are in a unique position to combine the state-of-the-art online experience with the exceptional customer service our associates are known for. Whether in store or online, we want to give our customers the tools and support to find the perfect car, purchase that car and then receive that car all on their own terms. Last quarter, we gave you an update on the test of our online appraisal tool. This is a new online tool that allows customers to receive an appraisal value for the vehicle by submitting information online. We rolled out this product to the rest of our Charlotte market stores this past quarter and in the third quarter we plan to expand to more stores in the Midwest. We’re receiving great feedback from our customers and sales team about this new offering. The purpose of this test is to further learn about the customer demand for online appraisals and to ensure a great experience that is scalable across all stores. We’ll take the learnings from this next round of test to continue to enhance the product and determine when it should be rolled out to more of our stores. We also shared with you last quarter the progress we’re making in digital merchandising, which is how we showcase our vehicles on carmax.com. In addition to the rollout and improvement of indoor photo studios, we’re expanding our capabilities by offering 360 degree interior photos with zoom capability. We’re now testing this product in vehicles at seven stores. These are just a couple of examples improvements we’re working on. We will continue to build out our e-commerce capabilities and equip our associates with the right tools to make the entire car buying process simple and seamless, both online and in our stores, and we truly feel that no one is in a better position to do that than us. Before I open up the line for questions, let me give you a brief update on the impact of Hurricane Irma. We’re pleased to report that all of our stores are open for business. We closed 28 stores, primarily in Florida and Georgia for varying lengths of time in September. And as we previously discussed with weather events, we would expect to realize those sales later. Now, at this time, we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good morning. Just a question on the work you’re doing on the visual, the photography online. I know, you’re kind of in different processes and you just talked about another test that you’re working on. How are you assessing the impact of those tests as it relates to either traffic to the store or conversion? And then, assuming that these are going well, how long would it take to kind of implement better visuals online across the entire system?
Bill Nash: Good morning, Sharon. Yes. So, on those, both the photo booths and the 360 photos, we assess the success of those by clicks on the websites on those particular cars. So, obviously, not all of our photos are done in photo booths. And so, we look at the success, the number of clicks we see on those cars, as well as the conversion of those vehicles compared to other inventory that doesn’t utilize those capabilities. As far as the time that it would take to roll it out, I talked about last quarter, the photo booths, at the time, we already had 16 open; this year, we’re on schedule to get 19 more of those open. And then for the 360, we’ll see. Right now, we already have it in seven stores, and we’ll see how it goes, and we’re still working on the equipment, that kind of thing. So, stay tuned. I can’t really tell you, okay, next quarter will be this number and that number, because we’re still looking at the experiences. We want to make sure, when we roll it out more widely that it meets what we would expect from a CarMax standpoint from exceptional experience.
Sharon Zackfia: And can I just a quick follow-up? So, the photo booths in particular is the rollout pace based on the expense of it or based on you just not being sure of the ROI of it?
Bill Nash: No. I think the rollout is -- we can only handle so many different projects in any one given year, while there is an expense associated with it, that’s not the reason why we aren’t rolling them out quicker. So, we can only -- I mean, we’re adding an additional 19 more this year on a base of 16. It just takes time and resource to get those built.
Tom Reedy: Yes. Sharon, we’re also thinking it up a little bit with just planned rehabs of the stores. 
Bill Nash: Yes. So, on the remodels, we’re doing 10 more full remodels. We’d like to work to photo booths into that and then we go and we choose certain other markets to go back and put the booths in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: So, I have couple of questions with regard to the hurricanes. I appreciate the color you gave in your prepared comments. As far as recognizing that you don’t provide guidance, just looking back at history, is there any parameters you can give us to help us understand what type of demand benefit that could come as a result of storms we’ve seen recently, either in Texas or Florida or elsewhere? And then, the second question. You mentioned some of the -- I think you mentioned inventories in prepared comments. Was there damage to cars, vehicles in your inventory and would there be some type of charge that we’d see as a result of that?
Bill Nash: Okay. So, Brian, I’ll talk about the first part. You hit it on the head. We’re not going to provide guidance. What I will tell you is that we are prepared with inventory; we’re prepared, if there is an inflow and extra inflow of vehicles being bought, we’re in great shape to handle that in the markets that were impacted by hurricane. Believe it or not, if you look at that historically, we had the benefit of not having big catastrophic events like this that often. I think the last time, we cited something like this was probably back with Wilma and Rita where we actually talked about it in the call. But, I would just tell you, we’ve positioned ourselves so that we’ll be able to meet any demand that surfaces. As far as were there -- any vehicles were damaged. We had about a 1,000 cars that were damaged that had to be gotten rid of, basically scrapped. And I will let Tom talk a little bit about the expense.
Tom Reedy: Yes. Brian, we’re relatively fortunate in the Houston market, as Bill said, we had a significant number of cars damaged or destroyed but fortunately we do carry insurance for that type of event. And between our deductibles and then out of pocket for property and vehicles that weren’t covered, we had about 1 million bucks of expense in the quarter. So, similar to other kind of catastrophic events that we’ve seen in the past, but that’s about the ballpark we have in there for property.
Brian Nagel: Got it, helpful. And then my follow-up question, with regard to on the finance side, looking at the recent securitization data, the table you provided, it seems as though you’ve been able to recently lift your lending rates. So, the question I have there is I guess to confirm that but also how should we think about the rates which you are charging customers going forward, is this kind of the beginning of the trend, any customer pushback at all in that?
Bill Nash: Yes, you are correct. We talked about this last quarter and I think at the end of last year -- at late last year, we did raise rates pretty much across the board. I think this is the first securitization deal, 2017-3 where you are actually going to start seeing the impact of that and I think you can see the impact in that -- in the spread, if you look at that versus other recent deals. As far as where rates go. I am going to answer that the way that I always answer this for the last seven years, which, our ability to preserve that margin is going to be driven by the market and what’s going on with other lenders. We are constantly looking at how we feel about our competitiveness versus other offers out there. We test rates up, we test rates down. We try to make -- we watch our 3-day payoff rate, we watch conversion of the stores. So, it will be an ongoing analytical exercise. To the extent rates go up, you could imagine we’ll test increasing, I mean if the [cost of funds][ph] go up, we’ll test increasing APRs, but if it’s going to be detrimental to sales or make us uncompetitive relative to what other competitors are doing, we’ll have to take that into account.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler: Thanks a lot. Good morning. My first question is actually a follow-up to a point that you just made. So, to the extent that your CAF penetration was down a little bit and the so called other category financing was up by about 250 basis points in terms of penetration, is that a function you think of pricing? Clearly, your pricing in the totality of what CAF is doing is working on a unit basis. But, I am sort of wondering, is it penetration function of that? And also, we did note that the APRs on the new loans while favorably year-to-year did tick down slightly from where you were in Q1. So, if you kind of put that together for us, please?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, I will just kind of run through what we saw coming in the door. As I mentioned, we were barbelled in the credit profile of the customer coming in applying. That means we saw the greatest growth at kind of 700 plus FICO range. So, those folks tend to be the ones that are going to be CAF or can arrange their financing elsewhere. So, Matt, I think some of what we saw was due to just the nature of the volume coming through. We did use some tightening in the quarter that may have impact in last year’s fourth quarter but that may have impacted a bit. But we look very closely at how competitive we think our rates are. Our offers, particularly at the high end I think are still very competitive. And we also track that 3-day payoff rate which is good indicator of whether people like the offers they get from CarMax. That rate is up modestly year-over-year, less than a point, and it’s actually down a little bit sequentially from last quarter. So, I wouldn’t read into that. We’re seeing a lot more people paying off the loans. When I look at it, I just think we’ve got more people that are bringing their own financing to the table whether it’s cash or something else, when they show up to buy the car.
Matt Fassler: And then, my follow-up relates to the Tier 3 piece, up slightly year-on-year. Should we kind of view this now as sort of a reasonable baseline that high-single digit level in terms of sustainable level of Tier 3 penetration?
Bill Nash: Yes. I don’t -- we’ve talked about this before when Tier 3 was significantly higher. It is a business that we look at as incremental. So, I don’t know what the right baseline is? I’d like to see going forward just kind of nice growth across the credit spectrum, because I think that implies the healthy economy and healthy demand environment. But this year’s number is up slightly. As I said, we’re seeing some volume increase in applications down in the spectrum. And remember, last year, we were seeing significant declines in that Tier 3 volume, and last year’s number is a weak number. And this was actually the first quarter where we’re comping over that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Rob Iannarone: Hey, guys. Rob Iannarone on for Scot. Congrats on a good quarter. I was just wondering, you commented that conversion was up and there was a partial offset from the traffic. I was wondering if you can provide any order of magnitude around that. Is it consistent with what we’ve seen in recent quarters?
Bill Nash: Yes. I mean, traffic was down a modest amount, which offset some of the conversion. It’s been similar to recent quarters. 
Rob Iannarone: Great. And just kind of on a different topic. When you think about the online appraisal and other online initiatives including SEO, can you update us on what kind of click through rates you’re seeing?
Bill Nash: Yes. Let me talk a little bit about SEO, because I think we’re really pleased with the growth that we’ve seen there. In the second quarter, our non-brand SEO traffic continued to grow significantly; it was up nearly 250% from a year ago. And on the SEO, what we’ve really been focusing on is really three main things. One, we want to produce more content that links to other site, so putting articles out there to get picked by the folks, so that back linking is very helpful in the ratings. We’ve added in the quarter a few hundred thousand new pages and we continue to add them. So, last quarter, I talked about having a page -- we used to have a Ford F-150 page and we said Ford F-150 Raptor. Now, we’ve got a Ford F-150 Raptor 2016, 2017. Again, the more pages you have, the relevant you’re in the searches. And then, we also are pleased, we’ve been able to add content and put the content in there. So, Google can actually and the search engines can actually read it and see what we have, which also helps us. So, we’ve been very pleased with what’s been going on with SEO. And we’ll continue that work. And we think there is a lot of opportunity still there. The other thing I would just say on the earlier piece on the traffic, again, while that store traffic number’s gone down, we really look at it more holistically. And we think about the store traffic, we think about web traffic, which I talked about earlier and the great growth that we’ve had there. We also continue to see double-digit growth on leads, which is great because that gives us something to execute on. So, we feel very good about the momentum that we have when it comes to having possibilities to interact with the customers and turn them into sales.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. And this is getting back to the hurricane. With respect to Harvey and all of those flooded vehicles, what controls you have in place to avoid buying any lemons for example?
Bill Nash: Yes. Well, similar to like Katrina, there are going to be a lot of flood vehicles out there. And all of the damaged cars that we had, we actually took them and sold them through. We did not sell them through auctions; we sold them through salvage auctions. Our systems are way more advanced today than they were back at the time of Hurricane Katrina. We know, for example the cars that were on our lot, we’ve got them on our system. So, if they ever pop up somewhere else, we’ll know not to purchase them. Now, they should all be marked salvage, so they shouldn’t pop up somewhere else. But the same thing for other vehicles, other vehicles that are marked salvage, we know that information and then when we’re at auctions or if they come to our appraisal lane, our systems will alert our buyers to the fact that hey this vehicle was at some point salvage. The other thing that I would tell you is -- and this is where our more than 1,000 skilled buyers come into play, there could be some cars out there that slipped through the cracks and didn’t get salvage, not our vehicles but ones that come in our appraisal lane. And our buyers are skilled and trained to be able to identify those vehicles. There is telltale times that they can look for and I think that’s a huge competitive advantage to make sure that we don’t end up buying any of those that might fall through the cracks of the data analytics.
Craig Kennison: Thanks. And my follow-up is on the extended protection plan growth, you’ve seen I think more rapid growth in that category than even your car sales growth. And curious what’s driving that and if there is a change in consumer behavior, or you’re changing the way you are marketing that to consumers?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the way to characterize it is that that number is going to move around a little bit every quarter because like the CarMax Auto Finance business, we put a reserve on that thing for returns. And then, some quarters you might see mildly favorable return experience, some quarters mildly negative; the last couple have been mildly favorable. So, there is a little bit of a tailwind on that number due to the return reserve percentage. But in general, it’s grown with the pace of growth of sales. And that’s how I think about it over the longer term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America.
John Murphy: Good morning. Just sort of a multipart single question here, so I’ll try to keep it simple. You talked about lower store traffic, but I’m just curious if you wrap it together with the 17% increase in website traffic, if you think in total your eyeballs or interaction with consumers were flat to up. As we think about that in the context of your online appraisals where you being kind of ticked off with the consumer spending more time online as opposed to coming into the showroom?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the way you should about it is we do know, first of all, 9 out of 10 of the customers buy from a start their search online and interact with us on the digital properties. I do absolutely feel like customers are coming to the stores more prepared. So, for example, they know that they’re going to need a step; they bring it with them versus coming in and having to leave. Certain things like that would actually cause your store traffic because we count it by being braced would actually cause it to go down or innovation like the online finance prequalification. There may be some customers that go online and realize I can’t afford a new used car and it keeps them from coming into the store where they would have come in before, sales consultants would have spent time with them only to find out that they weren’t eligible to buy a car. So, in some senses, I would expect because of our innovation, the traffic would go down, as we continue to innovate and make more of the functionality available online. So, again, I’m pleased with where we are, if I think about the touch points that we have with customers, whether it’s in the store or whether it’s online.
John Murphy: And then, maybe just a follow-up, when we think about it, I mean, it does sound like that may eat into year ability to bid on vehicles in the appraisal lane there and you may need to source more auctions. Do you think that may be the case, and as we think about profitability from sourcing vehicles on trading or appraisal versus the auction, is there a big delta in GPU there?
Bill Nash: We’ve talked about our appraisal lane vehicles history have always been more profitable than the offsite. As far as, I think, if I understand your question, really asking about the online appraisals and how we think that’s going to manifest itself. Is that the question?
John Murphy: Well, I’m just trying to understand, because it seems like, your ability to convert appraisals or what are the online or in store from the consumer versus what you’re be doing at auction going forward might shift. I’m just curious, if that’s the case.
Bill Nash: Yes. I don’t mean -- we’re not intending that shift. I mean, we think that the online appraisal offering is just another way to reach out to customers that maybe we wouldn’t have gotten before and also enhance the customer experience, so folks know what their vehicle is worth, prior to coming into the store, prior to selling it. So, the way I look at it is it’s really an extension to generate more appraisals. Look, we had 11% growth in sales. When you have double-digit growth in sales like that. You’re going to have to obviously rely on offsite. I would tell you, I think there is a lot of good offsite buys out there. It’s the number of year to four year all cars coming into the auction lanes is higher than it has been in the past and I think it will continue to be that way. So, I don’t see a real change in the dynamics. I think we’ll continue to go after as many appraisal buys as we can and then we’ll supplement with whatever need through outside channels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Levin with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Levin: Talked about rolling out the online appraisals to the Midwest. Just wanted to see, if you give a little bit of color around what sort of traffic uplift you’ve seen in the test markets. And how you’re expecting that to play out with the larger rollout?
Bill Nash: No. It’s too early to talk about that Mike, at this point. I mean, like I said in my opening remarks. It seems to be well received by customers; our sales folk, sales teams are very pleased with it, but it’s too early to tell which is another reason why we’re going to roll it to some additional stores.
Mike Levin: And just want to see if you can give a little bit of color from your perspective on what you’re seeing in the kind of just overall used pricing environment following all the storms, what you’re thinking about in terms of scrappage coming out of Harvey as well as Irma?
Bill Nash: I think for the longest time, people have said that the sky is falling, when it comes to used car pricing and there is going to be a big drop in used car prices. While we are seeing some acquisition prices more favorable, like this quarter our ASPs actually went up, and that’s the combination of acquisition price going down a little bit, but then our mix impacting it to go up. So having more zero to four-year old cars, having more large SUVs and trucks. I think what we’ll continue to see is we’ll continue to see more late model cars entering into the marketplace. It’s hard to tell, what the two storms, this is lots of different numbers, I think anywhere from 0.5 million to 1 million cars. And you go to wonder of that, how many of them are actually going to be replaced. So, I think, it’s little early to tell us as far as what impact this is going to have on the overall market. I will tell you -- and I mentioned in the opening remarks, the depreciation environment has absolutely been more favorable. It’s more representative of what we saw two years ago, which is one of the reasons why our wholesale margin is up over last year. So, I think it’s little too early to tell us as far as the storms go as to what impact it’s going to have on values.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is just on digital leads. You talked about continued double-digit growth, but is that figure accelerating or decelerating?
Bill Nash: It’s pretty consistent with what’s it’s been the last few quarters. That’s double-digit and it’s a little bit more than the website traffic growth that we saw.
Seth Basham: Got it. And as you think about the quality of those leads, how would you asses them relative to last few quarters, are they improving or not based on the types of leads that you are getting?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think the quality of the leads is very similar to what we have seen over the last few quarters. So, there is no real big difference there.
Seth Basham: Got it. So, as you go forward and you roll out some of these other tools, like appraisals as well as a soft credit pull associated with pre-approval of financing, how do you expect those things to trend?
Bill Nash: Look, I think any time we get a lead is an opportunity for us to execute better. So, I would love for us to be able to have those leads convert at even higher. And again, I think our job is to make sure that we continue to put experiences out there and functionality out there and continue to train our associates on how to maximize those leads. So, that’s what we are focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge Research.
Derek Glynn: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Derek Glynn on for Jamie. I just want to get an update on home delivery. And broad strokes based on what you’ve seen in that past couple of quarters, are your efforts inspiring more confidence in home delivery as a service or is it perhaps reaffirming apprehensions you may have had before embarking on the testing?
Bill Nash: Yes, no, look, we are pleased with where we are on home delivery at this point. I would remind you. I mean, we want to make sure that the customer can find the right car, take it out, buy that car and then we deliver it on whatever terms they want to receive that car. Home delivery is one of those ways. And expedite delivery in the store is another one of those ways. And I think the big success in home delivery at this point is the additional functionality that we’ve learned about and progress. So, for example, online appraisals, you need to be able to do that for home delivery. And as you see, we are continuing to move forward with online appraisals. We want to make sure that when we expand home delivery, it meets up to the exceptional customer experience that we would expect and that our customers would expect. We have not expanded beyond the Charlotte market right now. We are evaluating where to take it next. But what I would also tell you is, we’re progressing that with capabilities so that wherever we go the next experience is going to be even that much better. So, I am pleased with where we are in home delivery, and I am pleased with all the functionality that really enables home delivery, so that we can use it in other things.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens.
Rick Nelson: Thanks. Good morning. A question on CAF and provision, which has been growing more than the charge-offs, we noticed every quarter since 2012; this quarter that growth was less than the charge-offs. Curious, if that says something about your expectation for future losses or just...
Bill Nash: Yes. Rick, what it says is that I think as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we’re seeing losses that are more in line with our expectations. And remember, last year, we were in environment where losses were kind of moving in unfavorable manner from us. And as we are look into provision, we were having to play some catch-up and getting the allowance to the level that it needed to be, based on the migration of those losses. So, I think we’re more of in an environment now where we’re booking we’re absolutely booking the loans at a higher expected loss than last year. But we’re not -- we haven’t been seen that migration of bad performance and we’re not playing -- the last two quarters are not playing catch-up.
Rick Nelson: My follow-up is on the weighted average contract rate, 7.8% last quarter, 7.6% this quarter. Is this due to origination shifting up the credit spectrum and curious, if you in fact are getting better pricing on loans of similar quality?
Bill Nash: As I mentioned, all the pricing changes that we made were over the course of the fourth quarter of last year. So, if you look at sequentially versus last quarter, we’re behaving essentially the same in our underwriting decisions and our pricing decisions. So, I would attribute that then to kind of the credit quality coming in the door. And as I mentioned that the highest credits, what we’re seeing that -- where we’re seeing the largest growth this quarter, and that would translate into lower rates because those folks are going to qualify for better rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just kind of following up on Rick’s question. So, your allowance actually went down sequentially to 1.15%, and that’s the first decrease we’ve seen in a couple of years. Anything in the mix of customers that you’re seeing or any other commentary you can provide us with on why that went down?
Bill Nash: So, I think, as I said, we have seen a higher mix of customers, but if any, we’re looking at the performance of the portfolio and recent trends. As we mentioned last quarter and at the end of the last year, we made some changes to the way that we are calculating our loss allowance to make it a little bit more reactive to current trends. And like I said, last year we were chasing unfavorability; this year, it’s been little bit more consistent.
Bill Armstrong: Okay. And then, my follow-up question has to do with your wholesale gross profit per unit, benefiting from a more favorable depreciation environment. I’m not sure how to interpret that, and how your spreads between what you paid and what you fill them for benefited from that?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, like I said, it’s a little bit representative of what happened a couple of years ago where the depreciation ramped. Normally, you see depreciation throughout the year. The slope of that ramp was pretty much muted. So, there wasn’t a lot of depreciation. And we’re wanting that doesn’t proactively speculate or whatever on what vehicles are worth. But when there is less depreciation in vehicles off their value, that’s typically not what normally happens this time of the year. So, when there is a favorable environment where there is not a lot of depreciation and the value holds up there, the dealers are willing to pay more money, and that’s what drove the prices up.
Bill Armstrong: Okay, great. That’s kind of what I thought. But, yes, thanks for the clarification. Thank you.
Bill Nash: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Jonas: Hey Bill, hey Tom. So, a strategic question for you guys. Amazon seems to have a rather aggressive definition of their total addressable market. They don’t seem to roll anything out including kind of auto or auto related retail. And of course, your management team and your Board are following Amazon’s moves very closely, I’m sure. One could argue the combination of Amazon’s digital commerce platform and technology buying power could make a really formidable combination with your best-in-class ecosystem. I’m just wondering if you view Amazon as emerging competitor or potential partner? Could CarMax be Amazon’s Whole Foods of automotive retail?
Bill Nash: I don’t know. I mean, you’d have to ask Amazon that. I mean what we’re focused on is regardless of who the competitor might be, I think we’re focused on making our business better and we’re focused on continuing to be a leader in late model used cars. All the initiatives that we’re working on I think point us in the right direction. I feel really good about where we’re going and that’s what our focus is right now.
Adam Jonas: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to go back to online appraisal. Do you have any timeline on when you want that rolled out nationwide, say by end of calendar 2018? And then, my follow-up would be, after that what is the next big additional focus for you?
Bill Nash: On the online appraisal, like is said in my opening remarks, we’re putting it into some of the stores in the Midwest and the purpose of doing that is one, to make sure that it’s a great experience and it’s what we want to do. There’s going to probably some enhancements that we’re going to want to make. And we’ll at that point determine what the next step is and what the roll out. So, I can’t tell you what the timeframe is. As far as when that will be rolled out, it depends on how this next test goes. And I am sorry. What was the second part of your question?
David Whiston: Once you’re either done rolling it out or completed what you want to do on online appraisal, what will be the next big digital focus for you?
Bill Nash: We probably have 15 different product teams that are working on digital enhancements, everything from SEO to improving the financing. I mean, some of these things like finance online for example, but we made some big strides in this last quarter, putting out a new application that’s more mobile friendly, it’s easier and to accurately enter all the income sources that helps educate consumers about the value of co-applicants; it has an enhanced calculator. Some of these things that we’re doing, they’re going to be product teams and things that we continue to work on. In other words, there isn’t an end in sight. We need to continue to evolve and we can continue to make them better. So, some of these things, online appraisals, I think that’s one that will continue to evolve, even when we have it rolled that everywhere, it doesn’t mean we’re done. So, I think there is a lot of different things that we’re working on that will provide both, near-term, mid-term and long-term results for the organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Thanks for taking the question. Hoping to refresh understanding of the support you’re getting from your comp support from store growth. So, I was just wondering if you could remind us what your store rent is for new stores, what percent of target maturity do you do in year one, and how quickly does that ramp between years two and five?
Bill Nash: So, as we’ve said all along, we’re going to open up between 13 and 16 stores, this year we’re doing 15 stores. We’ve said we’re pleased with how all of our new stores are performing; they’re meeting our internal growth rate. Outside of that, there is not a lot of color to add.
Chris Bottiglieri: And then, 200 to 250, is that still the right number to think about in the 100 small format?
Bill Nash: I’m sorry. What was the number?
Chris Bottiglieri: 200 to 250, I think have I in my note within the 100 small format stores?
Bill Nash: I think what we said over time is you think about 200 to 300; 200, you can obviously drop from the equation; I think 300 still a good target to think about. But it’s -- I can’t tell you what the end game is going to be, because the customers’ expectations are continuing to change, our business changes, continues to evolve; we’re looking at different things. We’ve got a lot going on in the digital space. So, I don’t know where the cap is. I also don’t think that we found a 100% of our store delivery methods. We probably have some things and ways to reach customers that we don’t reach them today. So, it’s really hard to put a high-end number on what that could be.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have a follow-up question from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush.
Seth Basham: Hi, follow-up question on hurricanes. Historically, after these events, have you guys been able to increase your market share in markets where they have occurred?
Bill Nash: Yes. Like I said, earlier, Seth, we, believe or not, we haven’t had a whole bunch of, even like with Katrina, we didn’t have any stores down in that market. So, we haven’t had a lot of experience there. I think the last time, we cited something was again back with Wilma and Rita and we did see an impact on extra sales from that. But like said earlier, we’re prepared, if there are going to be incremental sales coming in for replacement vehicles, then, we will be prepared to service those customers. And we’ll talk about it -- we’ll talk about it in the third quarter, what we actually saw.
Seth Basham: Fair enough. And then, one other question is related to innovation technology spend that you guys have; obviously ramped that in recent years. How do you think about the piece of that into your next fiscal year?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think -- I don’t really want to talk about the fiscal year, next year’s fiscal year at this point. I think all along this year, I’ve told you that this is going to be a heavy year on spend there. While it’s not all incremental, we should reprioritize some of our existing SG&A. We’re putting a lot of money back into the business so much so that I’ve told you guys in the past that normally say 5% comps we’ll have as leverage. We’ve said mid-single-digits. I think it’s going to be higher end of mid-single-digits for this year. And depending on how much progress we make this year and what opportunities we see out there will dictate what we do next year.
Operator: There are currently no further questions.
Bill Nash: Okay, great. Before we close, I definitely want to take a moment to thank the more than 24,000 associates we have across the country. These hurricanes have absolutely been challenging these last few weeks. And I’d tell you, I’m once again reminded why our associates are true differentiator for CarMax. Their determination, their spirit, their support for each other, for our customers, for our communities through these challenging times has truly been inspiring. I’ve never been more proud to work with them and I really want to thank them for what they do on a daily basis. It truly is incredible. And I want to thank you for joining our call. I want to thank you for your support. And we will talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-06-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - VP, IR Bill Nash - President and CEO Tom Reedy - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Craig Kennison - Baird James Albertine - Consumer Edge Aileen Smith - Bank of America Mike Montani - Evercore ISI Michael Levin - Deutsche Bank Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Rick Nelson - Stephens Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates David Whiston - Morningstar Adam Jonas - Morgan Stanley Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Victoria, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2018 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you, Victoria, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2018 first quarter earnings conference call. With me as usual are Bill Nash, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the Company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections or other forward-looking statements, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2017, filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Bill, let me thank you in advance for asking just one question and a follow-up before getting back in the queue. Bill?
Bill Nash: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report a strong start to fiscal 2018. I will begin today with the highlights of the first quarter and then ask Tom to review financing. Then, I’ll come back and comment on our initiatives. Our used unit comps for the first quarter increased by 8.2% and total used units grew by 14.1%. Total used unit comps were driven by a strong improvement in conversion while store traffic was flat. Strong sales results continue to be supported by a number of factors including our continued focus on execution and the impact of our initiatives to enhance the customer experience. While we believe there was some benefit from the delay in the tax refund season, we are pleased to have exceeded 8% used unit comps in both this quarter and last quarter. Additionally, as more vehicles come off lease and as acquisition prices decrease, we believe it is beneficial to sales as cars become more affordable. Website traffic grew 9%, which generated significantly more leads than a year ago; this reflects our continued focus on the digital experience, both with the website and online functionality. Gross profit per used unit remained consistent at $2,212 compared to $2,002 in the first quarter of last year. Compared to last year’s first quarter, our wholesale units were flat. The growth in our store base was offset by lower appraisal traffic.  As we discussed in previous quarters, we continue to see a supply -- a lower supply of older, 7 to 9 year old vehicles that correlate to the years of decline in industry new vehicles sales during the recession. Gross profit per wholesale unit increased to $1,012 compared to $995 in the last year’s first quarter. We believe this increase was supported by the delay in tax refunds. A few of the topics, then I’ll turn the call over to Tom. As a percentage of our sales mix, 0 to 4-year old vehicles increased over 78% versus more than 76% in last year’s first quarter. As a percent of sales, large and medium SUVs and trucks rose to 27% in this first quarter, similar to the fourth quarter but about 3 percentage points higher than last year. On SG&A, expenses for the first quarter increased 6% to $404 million. This was primarily due to several factors, the 11% or 18 store increase in our base since the beginning of the first quarter of last year; higher variable costs due to increased sales and spending related to our strategic initiatives. These were partially offset by an $11.5 million decrease in share-based compensation expense. While we reported $157 per unit in SG&A leverage, approximately $80 came from share-based compensation expense. In addition, we saw some timing favorability from planned initiative and marketing spend. Taking into consideration these timing items, we still leveraged SG&A modestly, reflecting the continued investment in strategic initiatives that we previously discussed. During the first quarter, we opened three stores including our first two in Seattle and one in Pensacola, Florida. During the second quarter, we will open three stores, one in Hartford, which we opened earlier this month, another in San Francisco and one in Salisbury, Maryland. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everybody. Last year, we talked about seeing an increase in credit applications from the higher end of the credit spectrum and a decrease in applications from the lower end, which was consistent throughout the year. In the first quarter, we began seeing application growth all across the credit spectrum. CAF net penetration was 42%, compared to 44% in last year’s first quarter. CAF penetration levels in FY17, remember, were at historically high levels. We continue to see solid performance by our partners. Tier 2 penetration grew to 19% versus 18.5% in last year’s first quarter. Third-party Tier 3 sales mix was 10% of used unit sales compared to 11.2% for the same period last year. As we talked about in the press release, the Tier 3 headwind was less than we’ve experienced in recent quarters, as the tightening we observed last year occurred in the middle of Q1. In addition, we again saw growth in sales where customers paid cash or brought their own financing. Going back to CAF, net loans originated in the quarter rose 7% year-over-year to $1.5 billion. This was due to CarMax’s sales growth, but partially offset by the lower penetration and a drop in average amounts financed. CAF income increased 8.5% to $109.4 million as the 11% growth in average managed receivables was partially offset by a slight compression in the portfolio interest margin. Total portfolio interest margin was 5.8% of average managed receivables; this compared to 5.9% in the first quarter of last year and 5.7% in most recent quarter. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 7.8% compared to 7.5% a year ago, and 7.4% in the fourth quarter. The ending allowance for loan losses at about $130 million was 1.18% of ending managed receivables, up from 1.05% in first quarter of last year, but similar to our 1.16% we saw in the fourth quarter. This quarter’s loss experience was in line with our expectations at the end of Q4. Turning over to capital structure, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased over 3 million shares for $182 million. Now, I’ll turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Tom. Now, I’m going to take a moment to provide update on a few of our strategic initiatives. A number of you have already had the opportunity to visit CarMax’s digital and technology innovation center in downtown Richmond. When you were there, you learned that we are focused on leveraging lean product development, best practices for our consumer innovations. This quarter, we unified our product teams into a new product department in order to further align the work of these teams and to continue to leverage rapid product innovation as a key competitive advantage. One example of our product innovation is the progress we’re making in digital merchandising, which is how we showcase our vehicles on carmax.com. We’ve already achieved significant success through the use of indoor photo studios. These studios allow us to eliminate the impact of weather and guarantee we secure a consistent top quality photo of all our vehicles. Today, we’ve opened 16 indoor studios across the country and plan to open another 18 this fiscal year. Regarding online financing, which has been available in all of our stores for two full quarters, we continue to be pleased with the results. Customers are engaging well with this offering and it continues to contribute to increased lease which we believe ultimately generate incremental sales. Now, we’re focused on improving the experience and proactively marketing our online financing capability nationwide. Last quarter, I mentioned the tests we are conducting in Charlotte of our new online appraisal offering. This is a tool that allows our customers to receive an appraisal value for their vehicle by submitting information online. We’re receiving great feedback from both our customers and sales team and are planning to expand the test to two more stores in Charlotte next quarter. Lastly, we continue to focus on learning how we can deliver CarMax’s hallmark, exceptional experience to customers wherever and whenever they want to shop. We continue our home delivery test and one key learning we found is that human intervention at the right time is important to giving our customers the personalized experience they expect. Our goal with this test is to build the functionality needed to fully integrate our online and in-store experiences that we can offer as much or as little the car buying process online as each customer wants. As you can tell, it is exciting time here and we’ve got a lot going on. We remain confident that all of our initiatives, both online and in-store will ensure CarMax continues to lead the industry and deliver and exceptional car buying experience. Now, I’ll open up the call for questions. Victoria?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. 
Scot Ciccarelli: So, it looks like loss rates and CAF were better than expected after a couple of quarters of let’s call it, underperformance. Can you provide any more color on what you’re seeing on that front, especially following the catch-up we had in the fourth quarter? Number one. And then number two, what you’re seeing in recovery rates, given the ongoing decline we’re seeing in used vehicle values?
Tom Reedy: Yes. Scot, I would I guess not agree that losses were better than expected. As a mentioned in my remarks, losses for the quarter came in pretty much in line with where we had booked them at the end of Q4. So, last year was a period of continuing underperformance from a loss perspective and we are making adjustments based on missed versus what we had booked and making adjustments to the allowance based on what we’re learning. This quarter is pretty much a straight forward quarter for CAF at this point. We saw growth in the receivables, a little bit less growth in net income margin because of the compression we’ve seen, and not a lot to talk about from a loss perspective. So, you’d expect just to grow income a little bit. With regard to recovery rates, we’re seeing that trend down a little bit year-over-year about a couple of percentage points but not materially different.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. I’ll get back in line for my next question. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler: My first question relates to SG&A, specifically, compensation. Even when you back out stock comp in both years, your compensation for vehicle retail, which is the way we tend to look at it, was down, I think 4%. I guess that’s consistent with where it was for the past few quarters, certainly better than we had thought. Is this a function of simply leveraging fixed costs and what kind of comp do you need you think to leverage that number, particularly as the compares on that line item are getting a bit stiffer?
Tom Reedy: Hey, Matt. This is Tom. I think what you’re seeing is we had a pretty significant comp quarter. I mean compensation is both, variable from selling more cars, but there is also a fixed element that we would expect to leverage as we sell more cars, and I think that’s probably what you’re seeing in this quarter. As far as, where we expect to leverage, as Bill mentioned in his remarks, still kind of the higher end of that middle single-digit range is where we’d expect given all the investments we’re making in both technologies, systems and improving our customer experience.
Matt Fassler: Thanks. I will ask the follow-up, I’ll kick you up on that, which relates to the comment that Tom made about seeing application growth across the credit spectrum. Clearly that should be good for sales. What does that say about the risk profile of the incremental loans that CAF will be extended? Does the loan simply go where they would go? In other words, if people are coming on the lower end, they’ll go more to Tier 3 or to Tier 2 and CAF will do what it’s always done or does this to satisfy that demand do you all need to anymore risk on the credit side for CAF in particular?
Tom Reedy: I don’t think we’re in a position to start talking about taking any more risks on CAF. As we talked about last quarter, we enacted some tightening. But pretty much, what flows to CAF, what flows to Tier 2 and Tier 3 is going to be based on what comes through the door. And as we’ve all talked about, look at Tier 3 business as incremental. Obviously, it’s more -- it’s less profitable and more volatile. But on ongoing basis, it would do very little to what CAF is going to be, just maybe it will have an impact on the mix of penetration between the various players.
Matt Fassler: And are your partners Tier 2 and Tier 2 receptive to this traffic?
Tom Reedy: Absolutely, I think, we’ve talked about before that we believe we have the best channel for originating used car loans. I don’t think any of our partners would disagree with that. As far as performance in the quarter, we continue to be happy with how they’re performing. Tier 2 lenders, we look at collectively, because all of them see every customer and they’re able to make a competitive offer. As you saw, they’re up about half a point year-over-year in the quarter. So we’re happy with the conversion we’re seeing out of that group. Tier 3, as we mentioned, we saw some tightening in Q1 of last year, but relatively consistent performance. Since then and the way we measure performances, how many sales that we get out of the applications that they see. So, nothing except good things to report on that front.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi. Good morning. I have two, I think easy questions. So, I’m going to bend Katharine’s rules if that’s okay. I guess, the first one was on wholesale profit per car, it’s the first time it’s been up in a while. And I read the press release and it sounds like it might be an anomaly and it will be a little bit more normal going forward, I just wanted to clarify that. And then secondarily on subprime, as you lap the tightening, I guess, I’m just wondering going forward should we expect kind of stable year-over-year subprime? Is that a benefit to same-store sales going forward? It seems to somewhat of a hindrance over the past year. If you could give us some color and your thoughts on that?
Bill Nash: Sure, Sharon. On the first question, the wholesale profit per unit. You’re right, it has -- it did buck the trends this quarter. As we cited earlier, as I talked about in my statements earlier, I think there was some benefit from the delay in refunds, which we actually talked about a little bit in the fourth quarter that we thought it was going to be a little bit of that. So as far as where does it go from here, I mean, we’ll have to wait and see. But again, I think the real reason is that, we had some folks that had tax refund monies that rolled into this quarter. As far as the subprime and lapping and where that’s going, it’s really hard to tell where that’s going to normalize. And so being able to project forward, if some percent of where we’re going to be, I think would be a little dangerous at this point.
Tom Reedy: Yes. I think little clear, last year, as we talked about, we were seeing a headwind from both credit policy at the partners and a reduction in volume of customer applications both. As I mentioned, we’ve pretty consistent behavior from the partners. On a go forward basis, we have no way of knowing what could change on that front. But assuming nothing would change, it’s going to be dependent on the volume of customers coming through door. We’ll see how that plays out over the course of the year.
Bill Nash: But we’re still really pleased with the first quarter as far as when you look at the comps, our non-Tier 3 customers, was about 10%. And keep in mind that those are the most profitable customers we have. So, we are pleased with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. The topic is sourcing. There is a huge influx of off lease cars coming, as you know. And these should be ideal CarMax cars. But since they’re often grounded at franchise dealers, they could be tougher for you to access. So, my question is, what are you doing on the sourcing front to ensure you get your hands on these cars, especially knowing that it’s more profitable, if you don’t have to rely entirely on auctions to source those cars?
Bill Nash: Yes, Craig. So, first of all, I’d say you’re right. We’ve already seen some of the influx of off lease vehicles coming. As far as it being tougher, there are so many cars that I think have come in and will continue to come into the market that I don’t see that as a challenge. And as more of them come in, the prices will continue to drop. And so when we can buy them offsite, they are that much more affordable for our customers. So, we don’t see the sourcing as an issue being able to get those vehicles. We think we’ll be able to get them and then we also think that they will continue to go down in price which will help on pricing.
Craig Kennison: So, as a follow-up, is your mix of, call is self-sourcing for off lease cars, any different than your mix of other types of cars?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, the self sufficiency is what you’re talking about and which is how we view the appraisal and we typically are in a range of 40% to 50%. This quarter we are slightly under that. I think it’s more of a factor of the 14% increase in total sales.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge.
James Albertine: Great. Thank you for taking the question and congratulations on a solid quarter. I wanted to ask on extended protection plans. It just seems like the attachment rate may have improved to your -- relative to prior quarters. And given your comments on the 0 to 4-year old vehicle penetration increasing year-over-year, wondering if that’s having a positive impact that we may see carry through the balance of the year? Thanks.
Tom Reedy: Sure. This is Tom. I’ll start with the extended protection plans that you asked. As you saw, it was up about 16 million year-over-year; just two things going on there. One is, we did have a favorable adjustment, a modest favorable adjustment on the return reserve, which is obviously going to be something that’s in the mix. Penetration was actually pretty consistent with last year but we did see some improvement in pricing with some actions we took during the last fiscal year. So, that supported a little bit as well, but penetration was relatively consistent.
Bill Nash: Yes. And I wouldn’t see -- the 0 to 4 change or anything, I wouldn’t see that necessarily changing it. We don’t believe that will necessarily change that penetration in the near-term?
James Albertine: So, there is nothing in the data that suggests that you’re more likely to sell an EPP on a one-year old to two-year-old vehicle versus a six or seven-year old vehicle?
Tom Reedy: We don’t have that -- I mean, that would be a reasonable thing to assume, but we’d have to dig in; we don’t have it in front of us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America.
Aileen Smith: Good morning, guys. This is Aileen Smith on for John. Just a follow-up question to the vehicle sourcing you discussed earlier. Can you talk about the mix of vehicles that you’re procuring for inventory now versus a year two ago? I think in the past, you faced some issues of procuring truck and SUV inventory at attractive price point. Is that headwind abated or is there still some further room for improvement in the coming years, especially as the mix of vehicles coming off lease and churning in the used vehicle market better matches than new vehicle market in recent years?
Bill Nash: Sure. I mean, as I talked about earlier, our percent of sales of large and medium SUVs and trucks did rise to 27%, which was similar to the fourth quarter, but was about 3 percentage points higher than last year. And I would tell you, like we talked about last year. We’re going to sell what customers are interested in buying. So, even last year when we were a little bit lower on large SUVs and trucks, we were still putting out there what folks wanted to buy and were also a good deal for them. So, what I would tell you is, I think certainly the supply has increased on these vehicles and has driven price down somewhat. But again, we’re going to buy what the consumers want.
Aileen Smith: Okay, great. And just as a follow-up, what is the mix of crossovers in that as well?
Bill Nash: Crossover vehicles?
Aileen Smith: Yes.
Bill Nash: Yes. I don’t think -- the crossovers are not in that number. We don’t keep those in that number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Montani with Evercore ISI.
Mike Montani: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to flush out a little bit the online appraisal initiatives that you all have working. I think in the past, you’d mentioned like high-90% kind of success rate with that? And really, just tie that back into sourcing, because my understanding is that it’s much more profitable for you all to sell the unit that you sourced through the appraisal lane versus the auction. Can you just provide some figures around that latter comment and how, if online appraisal works that might influence the mix of sourcing going forward?
Bill Nash: Yes. I’m not sure the comment about the 90%. As far as the online test, like I said, we got it in one market. This is where we will actually give the customer a value for their vehicle versus a range. We’ll give them a value. We see this is an extension of our overall customer experience. There may be some customers that are interested in getting that value before coming into the store and we want to be sure that we can accommodate it. To your question about internal souring through appraisal lane versus sourcing all sites, you’re right. We have talked about that in the past. If we can buy through our appraisal lane, it is a more profitable unit than buying it offsite. So, we’re always trying to drive, as much as possible through the appraisal lane. But I will also tell you, even given this quarter where we relied a little bit more on offsite purchases, because the volume that we moved, we’re still able to maintain GPU.
Mike Montani: Okay, great. And the follow-up I had was on another digital initiative, which was home delivery. Just wondering, if you can share any learnings there, both from a standpoint of customer satisfaction with that initiative; and then secondly, profitability there, what you’re seeing for long-term viability?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think it’s a little too early to talk about the profitability piece of it. Keep in mind, as I talked about in my remarks, we’re really trying to make sure that we have a suite of e-commerce applications that enhanced the customer’s experience, so that we can meet the customer wherever they want to be met. As I talked about earlier, one thing that we continue to be seeing and this has been reinforced is that in a lot of cases, customers do want some human interaction. Now, it may mean that they want to come into the store, they mean that they want to talk to somebody on the phone. But regardless, because of the complexity of the transaction, consumers, the majority of consumers, to enhance their experience, generally you have to have some type of customer interaction with them. So, we’ll continue to develop this product offering. But again, it’s really a series of a bunch of different things whether it’s online financing, whether it’s online appraisals, whether it’s delivering the cars to house, kind of coming altogether and giving the customer the best experience possible.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Levin with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Levin: I wanted to see if you could dig into the ASPs of the mix a little bit more when you are talking about higher portion of trucks and SUVs and more 0 to 4 year old vehicles and we’ve kind of seen that play out. And price indices at Manheim and ADESA and Edmunds showing higher ASPs you but you guys are still kind of down a little bit. I wonder if you could just kind of talk about what might be happening there.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, I think you’ve highlighted a lot of the points there, Mike. Given the shift in mix on trucks and large SUVs, you’d expect our ASP to go up a little bit. Given the tick up in zero to fours, that would be another factor that would cause ASPs to go up. But I’ll tell you, they are being offset by the acquisition prices that we’re paying. And what I would tell you is I think this speaks to the execution that the stores are doing and the great job that our buyers do, making sure that we’re getting the best priced vehicles. And really at the end of day, that’s really where it starts. You’ve got to buy the vehicles at the right price. So, lower acquisition price is more than offsetting the increase that you normally would see from the mix shift.
Michael Levin: Got it, great. So, it’s just an execution point there. Just on a follow-up, can you kind of update on where you are in terms of online financing, where you are in that process and how you might be kind of progressing towards somebody having the ability to complete the entire transaction online in a very fast manner?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, on the online financing, like I talked about earlier, it’s been in place for two full quarters. We are excited about the response from the customers. They are engaging with it. Like I said, it’s generating incremental lead. I think our path at this point is to continue to make that product and that experience continue to optimize that and make sure that we’re tailoring it specifically for different customers. So, we’ll continue to do that. We’ll continue to look at advertising more nationally. Right now, you hit it if you go to our website. And like I talked about with the home delivery earlier, this is one component of home delivery. And we do think, I personally believe that consumers want to do more of the transaction online. And to the point that we can make that as easy as possible, speed up the transaction when they come into the store, that much quicker transaction, then that’s a good thing for the customer, as far as being able to do it all online, that’s our home delivery test, we’ve got that in a market right now and we’ll continue to improve that experience.
Michael Levin: Are you expecting to bring that functionality to the wider online financing capability?
Bill Nash: Well, the online financing capability is already a part of the home delivery. As far as are we planning on expanding home delivery that we’re evaluating different options right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: My question is around traffic. You talked about flat in-store traffic, but you saw a nice acceleration in website traffic, up 9% in the quarter; that’s a big improvement. Can you talk about what’s driving that, whether it’s sustainable? And as a related question, can you quantify the increase in leads that you’re seeing?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, on the traffic piece, remember, I’ve talked about this in previous calls. I think from a traffic standpoint, we have to get away from thinking about just store traffic. And we need to be thinking about store traffic and web traffic and web leads. It’s a more holistic view, because what we’re going after here are comps. And whether we get the comps, because people are coming to the door initially or starting with us online, I think both are equally important. But store traffic is flat, but we’re hitting more qualified folks in the door, that converts to more sale. So, as far as the uptick in the traffic, we’re starting to cycle the new website. So, we can actually have apples-to-apples comparison. You’re comparing against the same website a year ago, which part of that is the water is a little bit muddy. So, we’re pleased with the 9%, but I would tell you, we’re equally pleased with the growth that we have in leads and that’s been a big focus for us, because leads are something that we can execute on. So, that’s been growing rapidly as well. So that’s we’re equally pleased with that. And then what was the other question you asked? 
Seth Basham: It’s just that, in terms of leads. Can you quantify that increase in leads you’re seeing, even just a range, how much higher than the increased website traffic?
Bill Nash: Yes. So, in the leads, we’re seeing double-digit increases and we’ve seen that for a period of time now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens.
Rick Nelson: [Indiscernible] CAF originations that was 7.8% this quarter, 7.4% last quarter, 7.5% a year ago. Is this due to the originations shifting down in the credit spectrum? Are you in fact getting improved pricing loans of similar quality?
Bill Nash: Rick, as we mentioned last quarter, I think in the prepared remarks and question, but we talked about pretty much raising -- raised 50 basis points across the board last quarter. And so, you’re going to step -- it’s a result of that and it’s a result of the mix of this coming through the door. But we’ve definitely increased our rates. And we’ll continue to watch the market, continue to watch funding costs. We look at it every week, and we’ll continue to test as we see changes in that to try and preserve the margin. And we’ll do whatever the market will allows us to do, as I’ve said many times before.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong: Good morning, everyone. Just as a follow-up to that. So, your declines in your net interest margin have been slowing down and it looks like it actually increased slightly on a sequential basis. Is that mostly result of these higher rates that you’re now charging to consumers or how should we think about that going forward? Is that net interest margin, something that maybe starting to stabilize now?
Tom Reedy: I think what you’ll need to do is if you take a look at our public securitizations and you can see what’s actually happening in those deals on a go forward basis. And then, I’d like you to draw your own conclusion about what will happen going forward. As far the impact of recent changes, the net interest margin on portfolio is on the entire portfolio and so the newer originations are only a subset of that. It’s a result of lot of different things and there is things paying down, there is a new stuff going in and there is lots of expenses as well. But I think you’re right in observing that it’s been relatively consistent for the past few quarters.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar. 
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. Just a question on the early ship of the new vehicle market and given you’re really nice comps this quarter, is that fair to say that excessive discounting on the new side from franchise dealers is not hurting your traffic?
Bill Nash: When you think about the new vehicles and the SAAR rate, I think there is a lot of -- there is times when we’re going to attract up or down but I think it’s more in regards to the extreme. So, if you see a big decrease in SAAR, a rapid decrease in SAAR, or rapid increase in the new car sales rate, you see directionally how that may impact it. But I think if you see a more stable SAAR, or even a slightly declining SAAR, I think we’ve proven over time through performance that we’ve been able to successfully navigate those waters and have had some very good quarters in the past. So, as far as specifically with what we’re seeing in leases, I mean obviously last quarter 8% comp, this quarter 8% comp, total sales more than 14%, it doesn’t seem like leasing is having a big impact or the incentives.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Jonas: Thanks everybody, just one question and one follow up. First, for your sales that involve used car trade-ins, can you tell us what percentage of these trade-ins might be upside down or loans and kind of how that looks versus history in your trends?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think it’s pretty similar. We haven’t seen a big -- we really haven’t seen any real increase and negative equity for CAF what we’ve been financing. So, it’s been pretty much -- it’s been very stable on the loan to value in our portfolio and what we’re financing…
Adam Jonas: But you don’t disclose that percentage?
Bill Nash: I believe it’s in the Q. It’s in the Q. 
Adam Jonas: Thank you. All right. Follow-up then, many auto companies and suppliers are arguing that the car is undergoing unprecedented technological change in terms of -- especially in terms of safety. And I understand historically there is now discernible link between tech and used prices historically but was wondering the management team’s position, Bill and Tom. Do you think that this time could be different given the pace of the change to prepare for that?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think there have been a lot of technology improvements. I think that they’ve been feathered in over a period a time. And you’re right we’re seeing more technology changes more rapidly. But if you think about things like lane departure and parking assist, these things are all being tethered in. I can’t see where all of a sudden there’s going to be a whole bunch of new things dropped on at one time that would cause the existing used car market to dramatically decline. I don’t see that happen. I think it will be a continued tethered in as technology continues to improve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Thanks for taking my question. I just had a quick one. You had pulled out some kind of impact from the tax refund delay on used and wholesale. I realize that it’s air math, but is there any way you can maybe somewhat quantify for us the impact on both those segments?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think you called it air math, I think that’s pretty good. No, we can’t quantify specifically. But what I’ll tell you and I’ve talked about this in earlier remarks, there is a lot of factors, I think that are causing our performance and I think that’s just one factor. I don’t think any one of all the factors, whether the execution, improvements on the customer experience, whether it’d be delays in the tax refunds, I don’t think -- I don’t believe any one of them is the majority of the reason. And I think that it’s just one that we cited. But I also tell you, there is lots of other good things that are going on here and there is also other things like pricing and sales inventory availability as well. And again, I would just -- if you think about fourth quarter, over 8% comps; this quarter, over 8% comps. So, we’re pleased with both quarters regardless of where the tax refunds fell.
Chris Bottiglieri: Makes sense. Do you think it’s more than 2% or is it like kind of like somewhere in that ballpark I guess?
Bill Nash: I can’t really do that air math.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. That’s fair. And then just one follow-up related. Does this affect wholesale gross profit per unit? You maybe explain to us what are the drivers of the wholesale GPU per unit? Is that a true merged profit per unit or there are some fixed costs within that? Thank you. That’s it.
Bill Nash: Yes. The reason I cited it as wholesale GPU is because it’s refunds coming to folks’ pockets especially in the business it’s a wholesale where it’s the cheaper car, older car, more mileage e-car. Those customers, when they get those refunds, they come out in the market. When they come out in the market, it drives the prices up. So that’s why we cited it as a factor, because it was a little bit of reversal trends that we’ve seen lately especially citing -- we still have the dynamic of 7 to 9-year old vehicles, the lack of 7 to 9-year vehicles and that’s a headwind both from a unit standpoint and a margin standpoint. But I think having some tax refunds that weren’t received until the first quarter, it has an impact, because it puts those folks in the market, which drives up demand, which drives up prices somewhat.
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes. So, that wholesale GPU is just pure demand and supply, there is no like leverage in the backlog, like it’s embedded in that gross profit per unit or like that, it’s not volume related directly?
Bill Nash: We could absolutely drive wholesale gross profit per unit, we could drive it up. But what that would mean is you have to offer less for the vehicles that were being traded in. And one, we want to make sure we provide a great customer experience; we want to make sure we’re putting our best foot forward, giving the customer the most amount of money that we can for their trade, because we also know the trades are linked into sale. So, could we drive GPU higher? Absolutely, but it will be at the cost of 5%.
Operator: You do have a follow-up question from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: So, another question actually on your web traffic increases. Can you give us a better idea of how much of that web traffic is from people going directly to the CarMax site and then how much is coming from search leads? And then secondarily, is there a way for you guys to kind of tell how much is coming through paid search and how much is coming through natural search? Because I think you guys have been working on trying to drive both if I’m not mistaken?
Bill Nash: Yes. So first of all, Scot, thank you for following the rules and getting back in line for asking the second question. You’re right. We have been focused. Our big focus has been on search engine optimization and specifically non-brand. So, key demand search engine optimization is the one that we’re not paying for; it’s organically grown. And non-brand would be anything that’s non-CarMax, so the customer types in Honda Accord versus CarMax Honda. We’ve been actively working on that SEO non-brand. It started back I guess last May with the new website; that was an important first step. We’ve been adding content that consumers want and expect. This helps the search engines see, okay that a content that’s important. Most recently, we have continued to optimize these pages we continue to work on our websites that search engines like Google can find our pages; we put strategic little links that enable Google to find things that customers want to see on our website. And then, we’ve also redesigned the pages so that Google can see all the content which we think is really important and we continue to add new pages of relevant data and new pages so for example we’ve had Ford 150, Google can see that we have a Ford 150 page. We continue to add more pages, more specific pages, so let’s say Ford 150 Raptor. So, we will continue this work. We are very pleased with the SEO. I think if you go back, we kind of used June as the baseline. If you use June as the baseline, our SEO traffic on a daily basis has tripled since June. So, we’re very pleased with that. And then the direct traffic, which is like CarMax, if somebody types in something, CarMax or carmax.com, that we’ve also seen increases in that as well. But, we’ve historically done well with that already.
Scot Ciccarelli: That’s very, very helpful. Alright, thanks guys.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from the line of Mike Levin with Deutsche Bank. 
Michael Levin: Hey, guys, just wanted to clarify one earlier comment first. You’d kind of attributed part of the SG&A increase to higher variable spending to drive comp growth. I just wanted to make sure that that’s just the normal kind of incremental spend and not that variable cost of driving incremental comp growth is getting more expensive?
Bill Nash: No, that’s just the normal. As the units go up, obviously the sales consultants, they are paid a flat fee, the more units you have. So that’s just a normal variable spend increase that we would see. It’s not like we change that dollar amount or anything on a per unit basis.
Michael Levin: And then with regard to the home delivery test, I know, you’d sort of structured it originally as you are basically completing the transaction at the customer’s home and not fully purchasing it online which introduced some problems with certain state regulations. Are you looking to try and shift that as the customer fully purchasing it online before it’s delivered as opposed to finishing at the customer’s home?
Bill Nash: No, I mean we’re still finishing at the customer’s home for those customers that are interested in it. Again, we think that’s a -- being able to take the vehicle to their home and having the customer be able to test drive before they actually purchase it, we think is the right thing to do, if we are going to continue to deliver to home. And at this point, there is a small subset of customers that are interested in that. But I go back to what I said earlier, it’s more -- the home delivery test is more than just delivering it to a customer’s home, it’s the overall experience and it’s all of the functionality that goes with that. I think that’s really what customers are interested in, being able to do that online and then the seamless integration when they come into the store is really important. And so, when I think about home delivery, I think about all of that. So, it’s not just about delivering it to the customer’s home. And I don’t see us at this point, making them do everything online and then bringing them the car already bought. I think for the time being, we’re going to continue to take it to them, let them just take it for test drive; if they decide not to buy it, then we take it back to the stores.
Michael Levin: Doesn’t that kind of prevent you from putting into wide distribution, because of certain state regulations though?
Bill Nash: Yes. There is absolutely some state concerns, different states approach both out of store vehicle sales and online sales differently. And I think you have to be aware of what those regulations are. And as it’s written in some states, you can’t legally do that. So, we’re focused on that and make sure that we’re going to play by the rules as appropriate.
Operator: There are currently no further questions in queue. I’ll turn the call back over to the presenters for any closings remarks.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Victoria. Look, in closing, I want to thank you all for joining the call today. I want to thank you for your continued support. I also just want to highlight, our success is absolutely due to our associates, and I want to thank them. They are the true differentiator of CarMax and they’re driving what’s possible everyday for each other, for our customers and for our communities. I want to thank all 24,000 plus associates for what they do. And I look forward to talking to everyone next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-04-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - IR Bill Nash - CEO Tom Reedy - CFO
Analysts: Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Craig Kennison - Baird Liz Suzuki - Bank of America Mike Montani - Evercore John Healy - North Coast Research Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc Michael Levin - Deutsche Bank Ali Faghri - Susquehanna James Albertine - Consumer Edge Bill Armstrong - CL King Nic Zangler - Stephens David Whiston - MorningStar Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Linda Adefioye - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Victoria, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2017 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you, and good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2017 fourth quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call with me today as usual is Bill Nash, our present and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016, filed with the SEC and soon to be replaced with our new 10-K. Before we turn the call over to Bill, I of course want to thank you in advance for asking only one question and a follow-up before getting into queue. And I also want to alert you to the fact that Richmond is having pretty loudly whether this morning. So we are hoping, we will stay online and plugged in, but if not, we have hopefully a backup plan, we’ll see what happens. Bill?
Bill Nash: Okay. Thank you, Katharine and good morning, everyone. As usual, I’ll start off by reviewing the key highlights for the quarter and then turn the call over to Tom who will cover financing, I’ll conclude with an update on our growth and strategic initiatives. As you read in our press release this morning, our used unit comps for the fourth quarter increased by 8.7%, and total used units grew by 13.4%. Total used unit comps were driven by strong improvement in conversion as well as by a modest increase in store traffic. As you know, we track market share data on a calendar year basis and our data shows that in our comp market, we increased our share of zero- to 10-year-old vehicles by approximately 2% in calendar 2016. Our core business remains very strong as we estimate used unit comps for our non-Tier 3 customers grew 15.3%, which is the highest comp we have recorded for our non-Tier 3 business in many years, but we again saw a headwind from Tier 3 sales. Similar to last quarter, we believe there were a number of reasons for our growth in unit sales. Strong store execution continued to benefit from enhancements to the online customer experience that we’ve made throughout the year including capabilities like the new online finance pre-qualification product. Website performance continues to support sales. Total web traffic grew 3% over the prior year’s quarter. As we previously said, one of our goals for the website is to drive more leads which we continued to do this quarter. Gross profit per used unit was $2,134 compared to $2,109 in the fourth quarter of last year. This is the 24th consecutive quarter that we managed to have gross profit dollar per unit of between $2,100 and $2,200. We continue to achieve this level of dollar GPU despite fluctuations in used vehicle prices and a challenging competitive environment. The growing supply of off lease vehicles and its impact on our business seems to be a hot topic. As we previously said, we continue to believe that increasing supply is a good thing for CarMax's business. We believe lower prices will be beneficial to sales as cars are more affordable for our customers. We have consistently demonstrated that we're able to manage our dollar gross profit per unit regardless of the pricing environment which includes times of sudden price decline and other periods of high off lease volume. We believe that our inventory management system is a significant competitive advantage, especially during periods of fluctuating prices. Our wholesale units declined by about 1% in the fourth quarter. The growth in our store base and a higher buy rate were more than offset by lower appraisal traffic. We believe that late tax refunds also impacted appraisal traffic. As we have discussed in previous quarters we continued to see a lower supply of older seven to nine year old vehicles that correlates to the years of decline in industry new vehicle sales during the recession. As this new bubble moves into older vehicles, we would expect wholesale unit sales to normalize. Gross profit per wholesale units decreased to $938 compared to $1,005 in last year's fourth quarter. We believe this was due to several factors including the delay in tax refunds, the decrease in seven to nine year old vehicles, which are some of our more profitable wholesale vehicles, and a tough comparison from last year's fourth quarter when wholesale gross profit per unit was unusually high from a historical perspective. A few other topics before I turn the call over to Tom. As a percentage of our sales mix, zero to four-year-old vehicles was approximately the same as last year's fourth quarter at 77%. As a percent of sales, large and medium SUVs and trucks rose by over 3 percentage points to 28% in this fourth quarter. Now on SG&A, expenses for the fourth quarter increased 15.4% to $385 million. This growth was due to a variety of factors. First, it reflects the 13% or 20 store increase in our base since the beginning of the fourth quarter of last year. It also incorporates a $12 million increase in share-based compensation expense, which relates like every quarter to non-executive compensation units that are settled in cash. Just as a reminder, share based compensation expenses driven by the change in CarMax's stock price during this quarter versus the change in the previous year's quarter, in this case it was based on an increase in prices of about $7 in this fourth quarter versus a decrease of $11 in last year's fourth quarter. Some other factors that drove SG&A included the increase in variable costs due to our higher-level sales, a spending related to our strategic initiatives, and higher advertising costs. Remember that our advertising expense last year was higher in the third quarter and lower in the fourth quarter due to the timing of our new brand launch. While we reported deleverage of approximately $39 per unit, this includes a $61 per unit impact of share based compensation expense. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks Bill, good morning everybody. In the fourth quarter, we saw the same trends in customer flow that we've been discussing all year. We continue to experience increases in credit applications from customers at the higher end of the credit spectrum and less applications at the lower end. We believe that Tier 3 volume in the fourth quarter was also impacted by a delay in tax refunds, which as you may have seen from IRS data was about 10% lower year-over-year, in late February. This move continued to drive opportunities for cash and growth in sales where customers paid cash or brought their own financing to the table. Cash net penetration increased to 43% compared to 42% in last year's fourth quarter. Net loans originated in the quarter rose 13.2% year-over-year to $1.4 billion. This was due to a combination of both CarMax sales growth and despite some tightening of credit standards versus last year, higher penetration driven by the better credit mix. These were partially offset by a lower average amounts financed. As you saw in today's press release, we've included information on financing penetration by channel, including CAF, Tier 2, Tier 3 and other. Penetration is shown prior to three-day payoffs in order to highlight the mix of financing utilized at the point-of-sale and we hope this will be a useful information for you. We again saw a strong performance by our Tier 2 partners despite lighter application volumes. Penetration grew slightly to 18.2% versus 17.9% in last year's fourth quarter. Third-party Tier 3 sales mix was 9.4% of used unit sales compared to 14.5% for the same period last year. Consistent with last year, CAF Tier 3 activity remained at less than 1% of sales. The decrease in Tier 3 penetration resulted from the factors we have been discussing, lower application volume and credit tightening as well as the delay in tax refunds. Despite the headwinds from Tier 3, we had comps at 8.7% and 5.4% in the past two quarters. This means we have more than offset the missing sales to Tier 3 customers with sales at the higher end of the credit spectrum, which were more profitable for CarMax. CAF income fell 10% to approximately $83 million compared to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016. While average managed receivables grew by 11.5% to $10.5 billion, the provision for loan losses increased and the portfolio interest margin decreased modestly. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charges customers at 7.4% compared to 7.5% a year ago, and 7.3% in the third quarter. Total portfolio interest margin was 5.7% of average managed receivables. This compared to 5.9% in the fourth quarter of last year and 5.8% in the third quarter. As can see from our last year's [ph] securitization, the cost of funds has grown due to increasing benchmark rates. We have tested and implemented increased APRs to preserve our interest margin to the extent the market will let us and as always we will continue to test rates and origination strategy to optimize income for CAF and for CarMax overall. The ending allowance for loan losses at $124 million was 1.16% of ending managed receivables compared to 1.10% last quarter and 0.99% in last year's fourth quarter. Most of the sequential increase from 1.0% to 1.16% was driven by an update in the assumptions we used to construct our loss allowance. In the fourth quarter, our loss experience was largely as expected when we booked the allowance at the end of Q3. However, each year-end, we review the assumptions we used to project future losses. Our loss production methodology is based on historical experience and this year we have incorporated heavier weighting on more recent data points, which resulted in an approximately $5 million being added to the allowance. Couple of things to remember here. In the years leading up to fiscal 2017 our loss experience has been quite favorable and approximately 10% of the loss allowance relates to our Tier 3 program, as is expected. This as you know is funded separately from our core securitization program. As we have consistently demonstrated in other areas of our business, we believe that CAF is also nimble in reacting to changes in market conditions. We believe we are originating a highly financeable, profitable portfolio and that the current level of loss allowance remains consistent with our range of expectations given our origination strategy and our portfolio mix. Turning to our capital structure. During the fourth quarter we repurchased 1.5 million shares for $101 million and for the full year, we repurchased 10.3 million shares at cost of $558 million. At the end of the year, we had 1.6 billion remaining in our authorization. And now, I’ll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Tom. During the fourth quarter, we opened four stores including two in new markets Mobile, Alabama and Albany, New York and two in our existing Los Angeles market. During the year, we opened a total of 15 stores and had 173 stores opened at the end of fiscal 2017. In fiscal 2018, we currently plan to again open 15 stores. Lastly, we were excited to open our first two stores in the Seattle market. Also during the first quarter we’ve opened a store in Pensacola, Florida. Of the 15 stores we plan to open this year, six are in metropolitan's statistical areas or MSAs having populations of 600,000 or less, which we now define as small market. It’s important to note that on average we would expect smaller MSA stores to sell less vehicles in their midsized and large MSA counterparts. We also announced in our press release that we plan to open 13 to 16 stores in fiscal 2019. Now, let me take a few minutes update you on several of our initiatives to advance our online offerings and the test we are conducting to continue to enhance the customer experience. Last quarter, we talked to you about our new online financing capability to help customers get prequalified for a loan. It was available in all stores for the entire fourth quarter and we’re pleased with the results so far. The future is resonating well customers and contributed to increased leads, which we believe generate incremental sales. In the fourth quarter, we kicked off a test of an online appraisal offering in Charlotte, this is a new digital solution for our customers who are interested in getting an appraisal value by submitting information online without having to come into the store. Customers are engaging well with the product and we will continue to focus on refining and testing. In regard to search engine optimization, we made substantial improvements in order to capture the full opportunity to drive customers to our website through their online search. Non-brand [indiscernible] visits which are searches they don’t include the name CarMax have more than doubled since June of last year. This contributed to our overall web traffic and lead growth. We are proud of these results and we will continue to invest in both innovation and execution in the coming fiscal year. We are confident that all of our initiatives both online and in-store will ensure CarMax continues to lead the industry and deliver an exceptional car buying experience. We realize that there is a lot of noise right now in the market and concerns about the macro environment, but we’re confident about the track that we’re on in the future outlook for the CarMax business. Now, I will open up the call for questions. Victoria?
Operator: Thanks. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from a line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler: Thanks for all the details that you offered up, particularly on credit. I have one question related to that, so the highest decibel level in the marketplace seems to relate to the apparent decline in used car prices based on the recent NADA data. I will try to make this one question, but is what you’re seeing in the marketplace consistent with some of those headlines and to what degree does the adjustment in the provisioning reflect assumptions on recovery rates in sync with accelerated used car declines? Thanks so much.
Bill Nash: Hi, Matt. I will start with your last question. The adjustment in the allowance for loan losses does not include any prognostication or reaction to recoveries in specific. We base our loss allowance on -- with real experience and on some historical data, so the adjustment that we made was really refinement in the assumptions that we used around that relating to the part that is based on historical data and we have elected to wait, recent experience a little bit heavier than longer-term experience. So that I think that’s question one. I think with regard to wholesale recovery rates, all else equal, weaker rate does put some pressure on loss experience, but I think as we've said in the past, there are several factors that come into play and the customer's willingness and/or ability to pay is a much more powerful driver than what we’re recovering on the losses. Anecdotally, if you’re looking at a $15,000 car loan, this difference between recovering 50% and getting $7,500 and flipping three percentage points and only getting $7,050 is very de minimis relative to being able to keep that customer in the car and not lose the entire deal altogether. And since no one can predict the future, we’re making our credit decisions with the knowledge that we have and the knowledge that recoveries can fall within a range in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: So I think my question is probably going to follow-up on Matt’s question, but a lot of focus on the finance business and specifically the provision rate. So the question right there is, you took provision up again here in the fourth quarter, you gave some commentary around that, but any -- can we better contextualize that as how we should think about at least the puts and takes for the provision rate going into 2017, recognizing you don’t give guidance, but just how should we think about how that number is likely to progress through 2017? And then related to that, I guess, as my follow-up, as we’ve taken provisions up, and you think you've made it very clear that losses as measured by various metrics are still within your comfort zone, but has there been any commensurate tightening and lending standards on the part of CAF? Thanks.
Bill Nash: Sure, sure. I’ll hit your questions in order there, Brian. As far as looking forward into provision, by definition, the provision is what we believe losses to be over the next 12 months, and it is our best estimate at the time given the information we have, very difficult to speak to the future. Now, as I mentioned, we conducted an examination of how to construct the loan allowance, and our methodology relies on both what’s going on currently and historical experience because you can’t really predict the future. The fact that we've moved to a heavier weighting on recent experience is likely to result in the model being a little bit more reactive to changes in both directions. That’s on the things that's good or bad, but we’ve always got to be careful when we’re talking about the loan allowance because one period isn’t always telling on what’s going on in the marketplace over time. So it’s really a balance between kind of speed of reacting to what’s going on currently and the risk of selling back and forth by overreacting in the long run. I guess that's as much color as I can give you on that. And as far as CAF and our credit standards, we're always looking at pockets where we can expand, where we contract. We have taken some deliberate measures over the past year to tighten credit, to improve what we expect losses to come out at, and as we always do, the folks down at Atlanta will continue to look at that on an ongoing basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: I have a non-finance-related question. I know you would be excited. Some more on the SG&A side, obviously, there was a lot of stock comp increase this year and you talked through a little bit about that. I'm just wondering first, kind of what you think a good ballpark number is for dollars and stock comp for fiscal '18? I mean I'm assuming it's not going to go up $40 million again but maybe you can correct me. And then secondarily, do you still think like a mid-single-digit comp you can kind of hold SG&A on an ongoing basis? I know there's a stair-step increase in digital initiatives and so on. We're starting to lap some of that, so I'm trying of think about this next year, what kind of a comp you need to hold that SG&A?
Tom Reedy: Okay, Sharon. So on your first question, the stock-based comp, what do we think, where do we think that's going. We don't know where it's going. If it did go up another $40 million, that will probably be a good thing for us. But we have no idea to where that's going to go. And as far as the leverage on SG&A, we've said we need mid-single digits to comp. I would still hold to that. I would say we would probably need to be at the higher end because of the investments that we're putting into the business, but we still would stand by that range.
Sharon Zackfia: And just to clarify, a higher end to leverage SG&A or just to hold SG&A as a percent of sales?
Bill Nash: It's a leverage to leverage SG&A.
Sharon Zackfia: And sorry, one more follow-up on the stock comp. I know you can't predict it because of where the stock might be, but if you -- if the stock was the same price today, I mean, is it going -- is it pretty static? Or I'm just trying to figure out from a grand perspective what's going on?
Tom Reedy: Yes, I think it could be pretty static, but --.
Bill Nash: There'll be some growth in headcount and pay at the company because we are going15-ish for of the year.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, great thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: First, just hopefully this is a housekeeping item and doesn't count against my questions, but the vehicle finance penetration rates, what's the difference between the 43% Tom talked about and the 48.4% in the release? Is that just a difference in the three-day payoffs?
Tom Reedy: Yes, exactly, Scot. I guess I wasn't clear enough in my remarks. We wanted to give you a flavor for what financing channels we're enabling sales at point-of-sale, we're all going to continue to disclose CAF net penetration and the difference it represents as payoff.
Scot Ciccarelli: All right. Got it, thank you. And then I'm going to switch back to the finance piece. When you guys look at the change in your latest securitization funding rate, do you have any estimate or gauge, how much of that was the increase that we saw in terms of short -- the increase or change in short-term rates and how much was for maybe investors looking for a bit more yield as they've seen loss rates increasing? Obviously, that increases their risk profile?
Tom Reedy: Yes, I think the data available is public. But if you look at the spread on 2017-1, I think you'll see that benchmarks were up about 56 basis points, and spreads were virtually spread across over benchmark were virtually the same as in prior years. So we have seen and I’ll hit on this because it's probably your next question, Scott, is we did -- we have seen some escalation in benchmark rates, so that effort just meant some increase in the cost of funds for the securitization market. And as I mentioned during the quarter, we did cast and then rollout rate increases, which were pretty much 50 basis points across the board for CAF.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. And is the plan to just kind of maintain your spread at that point? Or you have to be careful about the elasticity for the customers, right? I guess I’m trying to figure out going forward.
Tom Reedy: That’s exactly right, Scot. It's a balancing act between preserving that spread and preserving the best overall income for CarMax. So as I’ve said many times before we can only do if the markets going to allow us. So one thing that we are very good at CAF is testing things quickly, and we have the ability to do that by kind of running different champion challengers strategy. And so if when we see rates increase, we can test rates, we'll look to see how many people stick with CAF versus 3-day pass, but we’ll also look to see how that impacts our conversion at CarMax. As we’ve got to bear in mind that we don’t want to upset people over a finance offer for charging more than what the market would bear. Also, the guy that comes in on Saturday afternoon and buy the car from CarMax utilizing CAF and then pays off is better than the guy that comes in then goes to credit union on Monday and might end up somewhere else, so there is a lot of factors that we have to look at to ensure that we’re optimizing both CAF and CarMax.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: With web traffic up 3% and a nearly 9%, comp conversion clearly appears to be very healthy, to what extent can you attribute that strength in conversion to recent improvements in the digital experience online?
Bill Nash: Craig, it’s hard to pinpoint exact amounts that are driving. In my opening remarks I talked about several different factors. Some of this improvement on the customer experience. Some of the improvement that we’ve made for website and SEO. I would also add to that, we had and Tom talked about that in his remarks, we had a higher mix of high credit customers. And as you know, high credit customers convert better than lower credit customers. So that has an impact on it as well. I think inventory availability had an impact, so there’s a lot of different factors and it’s hard to quantify how much the web is driving it versus all these other factors, including just better execution at the store level.
Craig Kennison: And then a point of clarification, I think you said your share improved two percentage points. Can you give us the actual market share estimate that you consider?
Tom Reedy: Yeah, it’s actually, it improved 2% and again this is comp market share growth. And the comp markets, we’re still in the range of total share about 4% to 5%, which is similar to where we were last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America.
Liz Suzuki: This is Liz Suzuki on for John. The extended protection plan revenues increased pretty substantially. In the press release, you mentioned favorable adjustment for the reserve for cancellations. Can you just quantify what that favorable adjustment was and whether it should impact EPP revenues in the quarters ahead?
Tom Reedy: There’s a lot of things that will go into impacting EPP revenues in the quarters ahead. So I can’t state how it will affect. But as you saw, we’re up about $13.6 million in EPP revenue and margin, because it’s the same thing. The majority of it was due to the combination of kind of sales growth, pricing changes and our penetration. We saw penetration dropped a little bit, but that's mainly expected due to the higher credit quality mix of customers. Those folks that bring their own financing, which you saw growth from 20% to 24% this quarter, are less likely to attach on those extended products. The remainder of it, which is about 5 million was due to year-over-year changes in the return reserve activity.
Liz Suzuki: Just one follow-up on what you mentioned about those getting financing elsewhere, are those mostly people paying in actual cash, or are they getting finance from like local credit unions and other sources?
Tom Reedy: We don't have visibility to that actual data. But my hunch would be majority of them are doing finance -- are financing in some way, shape or form. But it represents both people who come to the table with cash or their own money, and people who close the transaction with CarMax or one of the partners and then we do it later.
Liz Suzuki: But either way, you wouldn't have any credit risk in those loans?
Bill Nash: No, absolutely not.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Montani with Evercore.
Mike Montani: I wanted to first ask, in the press release you mentioned that there was tightening in credit standards early in the year. Can you just expand and elaborate a little bit on that in terms of what you're seeing from the various lenders, and how that's trended right up until current day? And then related thing was, can you talk a little bit about, Tom, normalized provision rates and spreads, and how quickly we should expect those to be realized in the business as we look ahead?
Tom Reedy: Sure, I can talk to the first one. As we've been talking about through the year we did experience some tightening with our third-party Tier 3 lenders and if you remember, that was in the middle of the first quarter of this year. Since then, their behavior has been relatively consistent. I can't speak to how they behave and what their appetite is going forward. But since middle of the first quarter of last year, it's been relatively consistent behavior from those partners. As I mentioned, our Tier 2 partners have been very successful and very -- and more aggressive. They're doing more with less and we're very happy with their performance. As far as normalization, that's going to be based on whatever the marketplace will bear. From the perspective of a loss ratio, or expected allowance, remember at 1.16, that includes our Tier 3 activity, which is as we've talked about before in our releases and our disclosure, is about 10% of the overall allowance, and it only represents 1% of the portfolio. So I mean, if you kind of -- doubling the reserve as a proxy for expected [indiscernible] net loss, we're still very comfortable that we're generating a portfolio that's within the range of expectation, that we target in order to be able to access the securitization market. Now there is no hard and fast rules. This is a range that we target and there have been times when it's been at the high end and low end, and I think we'll keep an eye on how things are performing. We maintain close dialogues with the rating agencies and we'll continue to originate a portfolio that we can fund. From a spread perspective, normal is going to be whatever the market will bear. We're still looking pretty good relative to kind of the decade of the 2000s as far as spread even given some increases in interest rates. But as I've said before, when we see interest rates move, we're going to attempt to preserve that spread. But if we -- if by testing, looking at 3-day pass, looking at conversion that we determine that the market won’t bear it, then we’re going to be a market lender. So I can’t really tell you where that the market for finance is going to go through. We dependent on the appetite of our competitors.
Mike Montani: Is there a long-term normal for provisioning rate, though of like 1.5% or 2%? I feel like you’ve given that number in the past. I just wanted to see how you --?
Tom Reedy: No, I don’t think, we have, because we’ve only been provisioning since accounting change in 2010. We’ve give a range of where we expect cumulative net losses to run, and that’s kind of in the 2% to 2.5% range. And as I said, you can kind of -- the provision is a one year look forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Healy with North Coast Research.
John Healy: I wanted to ask a two-part question on financing. I appreciate the color you put in the release regarding the CAF Tier 2 and Tier 3 in terms of penetration. I was hoping you could comment on what the profile of those borrowers look like in terms of maybe the average credit score in Tier 2 and Tier 3 as well as CAF for the year in terms of originations made and maybe how that compares to what you’ve seen over the last couple of years. And then as a follow-up to that, I just kind of wanted to ask, just when you are making your assumptions for recoveries on the loans, originated in fiscal ‘17, how do those recovery amounts compare to the assumptions that you made on ‘15 and ‘16 recoveries, if you have $15,000 loan? Is it $7,500 you’re expecting in recovery in the example that you talked about the past? Or is it 4% lower because you’re expecting to use car market three years from now to be 4% lower than it was this year?
Tom Reedy: Yeah, let me answer your second question first, and that is, there’s not nearly that much precision around recoveries. As I mentioned I think a couple questions ago, we originate loans based on the knowledge that in the future we won’t know what recoveries are and we have a range of recoveries that we’ve experienced over time. And so we go into the equation contemplating a range of recoveries and hopefully it falls within that range. So there is really not much to be specific on that front. As far as the credit profile or the CAF customer versus Tier 2 versus Tier 3, in general they’re going to -- CAF is going to be at the very highest level, because we take the first look and nothing goes down to Tier 2 or 3 until after we’ve either declined them or asked for conditions on their financing. But CAF does if you look at our securitizations and we do lend across a pretty broad spectrum, our average FICO this quarter is 707 for the portfolio, but we do a lot of stuff higher than that and some stuff lower than that as well. So you -- I mean, you can get a flavor for that, but we do to a relatively broad spectrum of credit, but we’re not looking only at FICO scores as the measure for whether we’ll approve a person and what we’ll charge them as far as rate. And so in Tier 2 and Tier 3, I guess, Tier 3 is what you would call deeper sub-prime. In general, that’s going to be 550 and below. And then Tier 2 is kind of a gap in between, but it’s very hard to give any specifics on that because everybody has got their own methodology that’s why we have multiple lenders and various space to maximize the sales for CarMax.
John Healy: Great. I appreciate that, and the reason I ask that is that I think there are so many different definitions of sub-prime, so many definitions of prime, and I just wanted to try to get an update on where those, so I appreciate that? Thank you.
Tom Reedy: You’re right, some people say sub-prime is below 630.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hoselton with KeyBanc.
Brett Hoselton: Two questions that are related to one another, and again, financing is a popular topic here. First of all, your adjustments for provision. Was that more a change in your recovery expectations in terms of used car values? Or was it more in terms of default rates, that's question number one. Question number two, can you give us an update as to the sub-prime pilot?
Tom Reedy: Sure. I'll start with the first one. As I mentioned when I described the allowance, it was a result of a change in the assumptions we used behind the scenes, I'm not going to go into detail on it, but it was -- we're using more recent data and weighting that heavier in the historical portion of what we utilized to build the allowance. Recovery rates, as I've said when we originate loans, we go into them knowing that there can be a range in the future when the loss may indeed happen, so we don't have any prescription what they're going to be. And your second question is on the Tier 3 test. I think it's steady as it goes. We're comfortable with the portfolio. It's not doing anything unexpected as far as its performance. And again, we're originating roughly 5% of the Tier 3 volume that CarMax does. So as the customer applicant flow increases and decreases, our volume of the Tier 3 will increase and decrease with it. We're not changing the way we approach it. And we're comfortable participating in this manner for the foreseeable future. We like, as we said it originally, we really are interested in learning more about the space. And even if it's just to have better information to manage our partners, I think it's helpful for us to have a toe in the water with this.
Brett Hoselton: Is the pilot look large enough that you can take it to the securitization market at this point? 
Tom Reedy: Yes, we mentioned earlier in the year that we put a private securitizing structure in place to fund this business. If it were something that we decided to expand and continue for a longer period of time, we would also consider permanent funding, but as far as the public market at this point, I don't know.
Brett Hoselton: And I apologize, just one more follow-on, which is can you talk about the spreads and so forth?
Tom Reedy: Which spreads?
Brett Hoselton: At that level of the market, the sub-prime pilot?
Tom Reedy: What I can tell you is, it's a much higher APR and it's a much higher expected loss. I mean, you can kind of extrapolate from the data that we've given regarding the size of the allowance that this comprised of Tier 3 that we're expecting -- you expect roughly 10 times the losses in Tier 3 that you do it in CAF.
Brett Hoselton: No, I apologize. I was actually thinking about the change versus maybe six months or a year ago?
Tom Reedy: It's not material.
Brett Hoselton: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Levin with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Levin: So first off, looks like you did a very nice job in holding in your retail GPUs despite lower used values. Just wondering if you can kind of discuss how you think your ability will move from here with the expectation that lower used prices will continue to flow through the market. Is there some point at which we'll necessarily kind of take a step down in terms of those GPUs below $2,100? Or should we expect some kind of margin, percentage margin expansion back to kind of where you were a few years ago?
Tom Reedy: Yes. So, obviously, the retail GPUs are important thing for us to focus on. We’ve been focused on and we’ll continue to focus on them. I think in my opening comments, I talked about the fact that we’ve been able to maintain these $2,100 to $2,200 range for the last 24 consecutive quarters. During that time period, there have been lots of fluctuations in price. I would even go back to, if you think about the recession, when our average selling price went down by about 20%, we were still able to maintain GPUs during that time. So it’s hard for me to say, I think of a situation we can’t maintain the GPUs. Now that being said, we do constantly test to see if giving up GPU will drive more sales and does it make sense for the overall business. If we saw a scenario where that elasticity was different and benefited CarMax, we would certainly do that. We have not seen that, and we will continue to focus on hitting that target.
Michael Levin: Got it. That’s really helpful. And then just quickly on you’ve been testing rate increases to kind of maintain your collateral spreads, but I’m just wondering as we’re expecting to see a higher mix of credit quality come into used vehicle market and you’re going to get lower customer rates from then, is that going to kind of hamper your ability at all to raise customer rates overall with that mix of credit coming in?
Bill Nash: I think as I said, during the quarter, we increased rates pretty much 50 basis points across the board. If you look now you see that the best rate that you can get at CarMax is about 2.45 versus 1.95 several months ago. And to answer your question, it really depends on what’s coming through the door and what the market will bear. As I said, we’ve got to provide competitive offers to what people can achieved outside the CarMax system for our customers in order to keep them happy. And as rates move, we’re very cognizant down in Atlanta of the spread and maintaining profitability of CAF, and as we see things move, we’ll constantly look for opportunities to optimize it.
Michael Levin: I guess more of what I mean is, because your credit quality is increasing, does that necessarily mean that your collateral spreads will decrease because your customer rates are going to skew towards a lower number?
Tom Reedy: As I said, it depends, it probably depends on a lot of factors. If you put that in isolation, the answer is yes, but you also expect some lower losses on that from that set of customers.
Bill Nash: Well, I think to Tom’s point also, it depends on what the competitive -- what the competition looks like as they move the rate for the higher tier customer as well.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, I don’t want to give any forward-looking, but you can hypothesize that as we get more and more high credit customers in there with lower loss expectations, we would see that all else equal, forgetting the changing environment, you would see the portfolio expected losses start to drift down, which means we might be leaving something on the table at the other end and we’re constantly looking for pockets, as I said, for pockets where we can expand and contract as it makes sense. So we still do that to the greatest extent possible.
Michael Levin: Perfect. And did you quantify how much of the increase in the loss reserves was attributable to the change in methodology?
Tom Reedy: Virtually all of it.
Michael Levin: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Reedy: Let me clarify that too, the increase vis-à-vis Q3 from 1.10 to 1.16, not year-over-year. Obviously, we’ve had negative loss experience during the course of the year that’s incorporated that has already been built into that over the first three quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Faghri with Susquehanna.
Ali Faghri: So on the same-store sales you've had a meaningful acceleration in recent quarters, despite the sizable drag from lower Tier 3 volumes. Could you remind us when you lap that headwind, and also help us quantify if there was an impact on your sales from delayed tax refunds in the quarter and maybe potentially whether you saw some of that pressure moderate as those refunds started to catch up at the end of February?
Bill Nash: Yes, so on the first question, on when we lapped the Tier 3 headwind, that would be after the first quarter of this year. That's when we started seeing the tightening by the partners.
Tom Reedy: So not yet.
Bill Nash: So, yes, not yet. And then I'm sorry, what was your second question?
Ali Faghri: What the impact of the delayed tax refunds were in the quarter, and whether you saw some improvement maybe at the end of the quarter as those started to flow back to the market?
Bill Nash: It's really hard to quantify how much it impacted the quarter or the month. We do and I think Tom talked about in his introductory remarks that they are I said by the end of February, year-over-year there were probably about 10% less refunds. We think that it had an impact but it's really hard to quantify the degree. It's really not something over a longer period of time, it's really it all comes down in the wash.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge.
James Albertine: Good morning and 48 minutes into a call, let me just say congratulations, which I think would be in order for 8.7% comp. Most retailers would kill for that right now, and I'm surprised we're not making a bigger deal about that, and we're having a CAF 101 lesson. So I would just make that statement. The question I had here is in the constitution of comp sales, we've talked in prior quarters about the fact that the supply of late model is littered with maybe more cars than the market's demanding and not enough trucks. Your comp sales surprised us turning to the positive, is that a reflection of a more balanced supply environment on the car and trucks side? And sort of related to that, trucks are going to be more expensive generally. And is there a way that you could sort of pivot even higher or at least resist the trend that the NABA is calling out with respect to broader used vehicle declines given the constitution of trucks in your mix?
Tom Reedy: I think the fact that the inventory -- I think we had -- I think industry estimates are saying about 3 million cars -- incremental cars came off lease this past year. They're estimating another 3 million to 4 million next year. I think that availability of inventory certainly plays into or is a component as I said earlier, in our comp sales. There are a lot of things that I think play into the reason our comp sales are where they're today. Our average selling price this quarter was down, but it's a little bit of two-sided story. One, it was driven up by the fact that our mix in trucks, large SUVs, that went up a little bit, caused it to go up. But then, the overall acquisition price went down. So that offset any increase in that -- increase in the truck inventory. I think, as we go forward, I think it'll continue to be a positive for CarMax as far as whether a change is up the mix. I think the leasing date I think -- a lot of leases on trucks and large SUVs, so over time I would expect that to further back into the marketplace, and that could be some push to make average selling prices higher, but it remains to be seen.
James Albertine: I'll leave it at that and maybe follow offline on some finance related questions, but congratulations again. You know just the ways that we are concerned the new vehicle sales have pulled forward used vehicle demand, you're going to have to flex margins per unit to reflect -- to sort of combat that. Clearly the fourth quarter I think represents otherwise, so really congratulations there and best of luck in the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King.
Bill Armstrong: So we've been hearing a lot about consumers with negative equity in their trade-ins, and I was wondering if you can maybe discuss if you're seeing that trend with the customers coming into your stores and to what extent that might influence your ability to offer them financing, any influence on loan-to-value ratios? And in general, how that might be affecting your business overall?
Tom Reedy: Yes, Bill, I would just tell you we haven't seen anything that's worth mentioning. It just hasn't played out to any type of meaningful impact for us at this point.
Bill Armstrong: Would you see it maybe more on the lower end of the credit spectrum versus maybe your higher end?
Tom Reedy: I would be speculating. Like I said, I think overall for us, we haven't seen -- it just hadn't been an issue for us. So I can't really say if it's a little bit more impactful on the lower end or the higher end. It's just overall hasn't been meaningful number for us at all.
Bill Nash: As we've mentioned Bill, the theme throughout the year has been really one of volume of credit apps at that lower end not showing up as much. Or at least not pulling the trigger on applying for credit so it's hard to define what's the driver of that. It could be that they do have more negative equity on a less comp and therefore not coming in the plan, but that would be a hypothesis.
Bill Armstrong: Right, okay. Makes sense. And just a quick follow-up, your tax rate was a little bit lower, your effective tax rate in the fourth quarter. Anything to call out there? And what should we be maybe modeling going forward in terms of the tax rate?
Tom Reedy: Yes, I am glad you asked that. There's a couple of things to comment on there and probably the go forward one is the bigger issue. At any given period, state tax items can cause the rate to move in, particularly year-end when you're truing up. And this year, we had a number of things fall favorably from that perspective on the true ups. We also as required reserve for uncertain tax positions, and from time to time these positions become certain whether it's because of their resolved or their statue limitations goes away, and this year we had a number of items that timed out from that perspective as well. So there are some favorability on state side that caused the change in rate. On a go forward basis, I think because of the [indiscernible] guidance regarding stock-based compensation, which I'm sure many of you are familiar with, that new treatment is likely to cause significant volatility in effective tax rate and then consequently net income versus pretax income. And then you can go look at the guidance yourself. In effect with it on a go forward basis, tax benefits or deficiencies from option exercises will now flow through the income statement in the tax line rather than flowing through the balance sheet in equity. What that means is in any given year, changes in stock price, changes in option exercise behavior will have an impact on your tax rate and just insert other potentially significant level of volatility in that tax rate and then like I said consequently net income. So good stuff happened. This year going forward it's very hard to give you any kind of guidance what the tax rate would be.
Bill Armstrong: Right. But that wouldn’t change the actual cash tax you’re paying? But this is just --.
Tom Reedy: Not at all. Yeah, this is just the kind of reflection of where that tax shield or cost runs through. But it definitely will impact reported net income and EPS, so you may want to consider that if you think about things.
Bill Armstrong: Okay, understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens.
Nic Zangler: This is Nic Zangler on for Rick. Just digging into that same-store sales number, you guys are obviously thinking strong unit sales and this is something despite the credit tightening in Tier 3 lenders. But to be clear on the dynamics, if not for the tightening of the Tier 3 lenders, would total company same-store sales be stronger and therefore you’re currently missing sales? Or are those sales being picked up by CAF or more likely the Tier 2 lenders or even outside financing, which would than obviously contributes to that 15.3% accounts report exclusive of the Tier 3?
Bill Nash: Yeah, it’s hard -- it will be hard to say for sure. But in an all-equal environment, I think if we had not seen such a decrease in the Tier 3, same-store sales could have been higher. But keep in mind as far as other people picking these up, what we’ve talked about even today and previous this year is a lot of that is driven by the fact that customers just aren’t coming in the door. So it’s not like they’re coming in the door and we’re not getting them and somebody else is getting. We’re just not seeing them. And the dynamics that Tom just spoke to a little bit, but really is the hypothesis on our side as far as why they’re not coming in. So whether that is not going to other people. I don’t think that’s necessarily the case. I think we’ve seen industry numbers that support that this is our phenomena that goes beyond CarMax.
Tom Reedy: Yes, I’ll just add a little bit of color there with regard to Tier 2 and Tier 3 phenomenon. There’s clearly, as we’ve said, a decline in the number of applicants in that at that very low end. But I think our Tier 2 partners are doing a great job in their approach to credit and a small portion or some portion of the decline in Tier 3 may have been picked up by Tier 2. But it’s impossible to say what.
Bill Nash: Yeah, let’s not forget, I mean, while we’re having at the Tier 3 sales, they’re also our least profitable sales. And the fact that our core business is growing at such a good rate, those are way more profitable sales for us, so we’re very pleased with that.
Nic Zangler: Understood and then there’s also been some discussions around or within automotive retail some weakness in some markets due to immigration concerns given the rhetoric that's coming out of DC. I’m curious if you saw this play out at all in the fourth quarter? Or if you’re seeing anything related to that early in the first?
Bill Nash: Yeah, not. I mean, there’s really nothing to comment there for us.
Tom Reedy: And we don’t get into market-specific dynamics.
Nic Zangler: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with MorningStar.
David Whiston: Just want to go back to pricing first, kind of open-ended question for you, just generally speaking, 30,000 feet level. Why shouldn’t shareholders be very worried about this? Is it just a matter of getting a better SG&A leverage than your competitors?
Bill Nash: Are you talking about our margin?
David Whiston: Yeah, just the decline on the overall market on used vehicle prices going down, balancing GPU and SG&A leverage.
Bill Nash: Yeah, average selling prices. We don’t -- I mean, we target the GPU as average selling prices go down, we can still maintain GPUs and pass those savings along to customers. And as I spoke to earlier, we demonstrated this in multiple periods when there's been the high fluctuation in pricing. So, and then on top of that, we'll continue as an organization to look at opportunities to take cost out of the system, but through cost of goods sold and through SG&A. And when you take cost of goods sold down, you have the option of passing that along in the form of lower prices or you could take some of that to margin, and we will look at that as we continue to make progress.
David Whiston: And on digital, did I hear right that non-CarMax searches, those people have effectively doubled in those people going to your site, is that right?
Bill Nash: Yes, so non-brand, so searches that folks do that don't include CarMax, since June since we brought up the website, those searches are more than doubled. And that's important because we already do well on the CarMax brand when people search that, but it's important because a lot of folks will start their search with things like Honda Accord or Honda or Accord, which don't speak to CarMax. So making progress on that we feel is a very good thing because that's the way most people search and we feel like we've a lot of upside and a lot of work we can still to do to get better at that.
David Whiston: And not being a web advertising expert, can you briefly talk about how you can do that beyond just spending more with Google to be higher up in the search results?
Bill Nash: Well, remember, what we're talking about is SEO, search engine optimization versus search engine marketing. Search engine marketing is what you pay for the ads. Search engine optimization, the way you -- it's not necessary that you're paying for ads. The way we do it is, through this year, we've done a couple different things. One, it started with the website. Since the new website, we've also redesigned how the search engines crawl our website and make it so it's more efficient for them to crawl. We focus on keywords, again keywords that aren't related to CarMax, and building up pages and so that when the search engines search your website, they see keywords and like, okay, CarMax must be an expert on that, so we're going to bring them into the organic search. Content, that's another way we've increased our SEO, building relevant content that again when the search engines look at your website, it's relevant to the questions that people are asking. So those are the levers that we pulled in and we will continue to pull to get the SEO or the organic search going for our customers.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Sort of a clerical question, given that new, the financing mix been provided on the call, on the press release, is that 18.2 for Tier 2? Is that comparable to the 15.7 you reported last quarter?
Tom Reedy: Last year we [Multiple Speakers] Yes, there's a little disconnect there. So it is not quite consistent with the 15 reported last year. We have some other programs that are higher credit, referral type programs that are not CAF. Definitely trying to cue [ph] on our CAF. We've now bucketed them with Tier 2, that represented about 1.5%, so that's the disconnect.
Christopher Bottiglieri: So if I take the last year's cadence with 17.4 -- I mean, in '16 -- 17.4 in '16 [ph] to 15.7, and now, 18.2. You're standing to justify your three quarters with the new methodology?
Tom Reedy: The 18.2 includes about 1.5 that the others don't.
Christopher Bottiglieri: So the first three quarters don't include that 1.5?
Tom Reedy: Right.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Okay. And then what -- why is other picking up so much? Like, what's the take away there and how to interpret that?
Tom Reedy: I think in general, people with higher credit and more wherewithal to get funding migrate more to others. So people -- that's credit unions and that’s also people with cash. So as we -- it's not surprising, as we've seen double-digit growth at the very highest end of the credit spectrum, kind of the 700, 750 and above, and shrinkage at the very lowest end to assume that some of that's just flow that higher credit people who have access to other funding are buying more cars.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay. And then a follow-up on the financing next year, so you added a nice new disclosure to your securitization, where you give the mix FICO score. It only goes back to 2012, though. Can you give us a sense to what you're mix of stores sub 630 were back in like 2006, 2007 if we compare to where you are versus last cycle?
Tom Reedy: That's some really old data that I don't -- I can't put my fingers on. If you go -- you can get an idea for it. But what I can say is the spectrum of credits that we lend to has not changed dramatically over time, and there's fine-tuning here and there. During the recession and into kind of 2010 time period, we significantly dialed back on what we're doing to ensure that we have a highly finance of portfolio, and we were successful at having our partner step up and taking more volume. From 2011 kind of forward, we've been moving back to what we've historically done. I can give you that color, but as far as details, not really.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Just one last one and maybe just from memory here. Is there may be like a basis points what I can plot your mix by APR, say, 1,000 basis points granted through your treasury to get to what that mix might have been. Is that a fair way of looking at it?
Tom Reedy: I'm sorry, I didn't understand your question.
Christopher Bottiglieri: If I was to look at your mix by APRs historically, what do you think the appropriate risk spread is for the treasury rate for sub-prime, what you would charge your customers over time [Multiple Speakers]?
Tom Reedy: That's going to depend on the environment. We're always fine-tuning. We don't talk about that kind of detail.
Christopher Bottiglieri: Okay, that's fair, alright thank you for the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley.
Linda Adefioye: This is Linda in for Adam, thank you for taking our question. So there's a thesis out there that your GPU is not sensitive to a decline and used car pricing and that you can manage to a dollar value per unit on used cars regardless of what your used HP is, do you subscribe to that view?
Bill Nash: Yes, that is the view out there, and actually, that's what we've demonstrated of being able to do for many years now.
Linda Adefioye: Okay. And now do you think the credit worthiness and financial strength of your used car customers is in any way impacted by potential decline in used car values?
Bill Nash: Do I think the used car prices -- the used car price decline?
Linda Adefioye: The creditworthiness and -- yes, and financial strength of your used car customers?
Tom Reedy: We have no way of knowing if those are correlated or not.
Linda Adefioye: Okay and finally, is your business sensitive to the credit worthiness of your customers?
Bill Nash: Well, I can address that. I mean there -- we strive to have a credit offering for customers across the spectrum and as we've talked about many times before, CarMax Auto Finance participates at the higher end of that credit rate, and we take a look at everything. If we don’t approve, we pass it down and we have a pool of very strong, very savvy Tier 2 lenders that all take a look at those customers and compete for it. And we think having a portfolio of those lenders add sales and benefit to CarMax, and then we have a Tier 3 offering. So we attempt to have a finance offering in place for any customer that would come through the door so as to insulate ourselves from those kinds of changes. That said, as Bill mentioned earlier, higher credit quality customers tend to convert more readily than low credit quality customers perhaps just because by virtue of the fact that the offers they are getting a more attractive. The Tier 3 offers are typically less attractive. So it’s, like I said, it’s impossible to correlate these two things, but we think we do everything we can to manage in whatever environment we are at.
Operator: That’s all the time we have for questions today. I would like to turn the call back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Victoria. Just a couple of things. One, if you didn’t get to ask the call, please feel free to call -- yes, if you didn’t get to ask a question during the call, please feel free to call IR, to call Kathryn, and we’ll talk to you off-line. I also just wanted to -- given the nature of the questions this whole session on Auto Finance, I just really want to reiterate Tom, one of Tom’s early statement, which is, like the rest of the business we've consistently demonstrated CAF can be nimble and react to different changes in market conditions. We feel good about the lifetime loss we’re shorting for at this point, and so we feel good about the CAF business. I want to thank all of you for joining the call and your interest in CarMax today. I also especially want to thank our associates nationwide who are continuing to work hard to deliver the incredible customer experience every day. We were recently honored as a Fortune 100 best companies to work for on that list for the 13th year in a year. That is absolutely a testament to our associates. They are out there driving what’s possible every day for each other, for the customers, for the communities. They are CarMax, they are a differentiator. I’m proud of their accomplishments. I'm proud to work beside them, and I look forward to a great new year. Talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2016-12-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Nash - CEO Tom Reedy - CFO Katharine Kenny - VP, IR
Analysts: Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Mike Levin - Deutsche Bank Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets John Murphy - Banc of America Merrill Lynch Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Rick Nelson - Stephens Inc. James Albertine - Consumer Edge Research  Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities David Whiston - Morningstar Paresh Jain - Morgan Stanley Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Victoria and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.  I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you, and good morning. Thank you all for joining our fiscal third quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today is Bill Nash, our President and Chief Executive Officer, who by the way is very proud, along with Cliff Wood, and our many CarMax JMU alumni, of the Dukes, who are playing in the FCS National Championship. And of course with us is Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016 filed with the SEC. Please remember to ask only one question and a follow up before getting back in the queue. Thank you so much. I’ll turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Good morning everyone. Katharine, I was not going to mention JMU since we’re a little bit more team agnostic now that Folliard has left, but since you did mention it, I’m excited about it and I wish them well. For today’s call, I will first review the key highlights of the quarter, then I’ll turn the call over to Tom Reedy to cover financing, and then I’ll close the call before Q&A with a brief update on some of our new initiatives. As you read in our press release this morning, our total used unit comps for the third quarter increased by 5.4% and total used units grew by 9.1%. Total used units were driven by strong improvement conversion as well as by a small increase in store traffic. We believe the increase in used units was due to a variety of factors. These include improved store execution, our website redesign and related online capabilities which have made it easier for our customers to submit leads.  We continue to be very pleased with our core business as we again saw headwinds from tier three sales. The estimate used unit comps for our non-tier three customers were again significantly stronger this quarter at 9.8%. Our total web traffic was flat compared with the prior year quarter, while web leads performed well in the quarter. We continue to see a positive response to the website, with increased activity such as engagement with the search tool and car pages, as well as submitting leads. Our goal is to drive leads and convert more customers from the website to the store and finally to a sale. Our wholesale units declined by approximately 2% in the third quarter. This was driven by a decrease in appraisal traffic, partially offset by the growth in our store base and a higher buy rate. The decline in industry new vehicle sales during the recession is affecting the supply of older vehicles. Remember, we saw this dynamic in our core retail business following the recession.  We continue to maintain a consistent gross profit per used unit at $21.55 compared to $21.60 in the third quarter of last year. Gross profit per wholesale unit decreased to $900 compared to $949 in last year’s third quarter. Again, as we reported in the second quarter, last year’s wholesale gross profit per unit was the highest recorded in any third quarter. So like last quarter, it was again a tough comparison.  A few other topics before I turn the call over to Tom. As a percentage of our sales mix, zero to four year old vehicles fell this quarter to 785 compared to 81% last year, once again as a result of higher customer demand for older and less expensive vehicles. SG&A expenses for the third quarter increased 5.7% to $357 million. This growth partially reflects the 12% or 18 store increase in our base since the beginning of the third quarter of last year. While we reported leverage of approximately $74 per unit, remember that our advertising expense in last year’s third quarter was significantly higher due to the production and rollout of our new brand launch. Absent this increased spend in the prior year, leverage was modestly positive. Other overhead costs were up year-over-year, reflecting our continued investment in strategic initiatives. Now I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks Bill. Good morning everybody. In recent quarters we’ve discussed the trend of year-over-year increases in credit applications from customers at the higher end of the credit spectrum and less application volume at the lower end and we saw this continue in the third quarter. We recently purchased credit bureau data related to auto credit inquiries in the marketplace and our analysis of this data suggests that this trend is not unique to CarMax. This application mix growth in CAF’s net penetration which increased to 45% compared with 43.3% in last year’s third quarter.  Net loans originated in the quarter rose more than 9% year-over-year to $1.3 billion due to a combination of CarMax sales growth and the higher penetration, partially offset by our lower average selling prices. In addition, as you would expect, the higher credit mix applications drove growth in the portion of sales where customers paid cash or brought their own financing.  Tier two penetration fell year-over-year in the quarter to 15.7% from 16.9%. But just as we said last quarter, our tier two lenders continue to provide strong offers based on what we’ve observed in customer conversion. Tier three sales mix was 10.2% of used unit sales compared to 13.8% for the same period last year. This decrease in penetration continues to be due to the same factors, credit tightening early in the year and lower application volumes. Performance by our tier three partners however has been consistent since the middle of Q1.  CAF income fell 3.2% to about $89 million compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2016, while average managed receivables grew by 11% to $10.3 billion. The provision for loan losses increased and the portfolio interest margin decreased very modestly. During the third quarter, we continue to see higher losses experience. Our ending allowance for loan losses at $115 million was 1.1% of any managed receivables compared to 1.08% last quarter and 0.97% in last year’s third quarter. This level of losses is a departure from our experience in recent years. However, losses in the last several years have been quite favorable. The current level of loan loss reserve is consistent with our range of expectations given our origination strategy and portfolio mix.  For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was flat year-over-year at 7.3%. Total interest margin declined slightly to 5.8% of average managed receivables. This compared to 6% in the third quarter of last year and 5.9% sequentially from Q2. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.8 million shares for $199 million. As of the end of Q3 we had $1.7 billion remaining in our stock repurchase authorization.  Now I’ll turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thanks Tom. During the third quarter, we opened six stores, including two in new markets Boise and Grand Rapids. We also opened four stores in existing markets, Philadelphia, Daytona, and two in San Francisco. Late in the current fourth quarter, we expect to open four more stores; two in our Los Angeles market, one in Murrieta will include a centralized production and auction facility to support our growth in Southern California. In addition, we plan to open two small format stores in the fourth quarter, both in new markets, Mobile, Alabama and Albany, New York.  Next, I’d like to give an update on our new online offerings and the tests we are conducting to continue to advance the customer experience. First, as we discussed last quarter, we’ve been testing a new online financing capability that has helped our customers get prequalified for a loan. When we talked at the end of the second quarter, we were piloting this product in 13 stores. Towards the end of Q3, we successfully rolled this new capability out to all stores nationwide and we’re pleased with the early results, which includes increased leads. Second, we continue to test our home delivery offering in Charlotte, North Carolina. As a reminder, home delivery allows the customer to shop for and buy a car at their convenience without coming into the store. We continue to learn about the customer demands and operational scalability, while also ensuring it meets our standards for an exceptional experience. The last update is [regarding] a one store test we’ll be conducting in the fourth quarter. We plan to test a new digital solution for customers who are interested in getting an appraisal value for their vehicle by submitting their vehicle information online without having to come into the store.  These initiatives position CarMax to deliver more of the car buying experience online and we remain committed to giving the customers the ability to go between the digital and in-store experience whenever and however they would like. While we are constantly working to innovate and improve the business, we are also very focused on being cost conscious and eliminating waste across the entire organization. We continue to look for new opportunities to ensure we are growing in a way that is in the best interest of our customers, associates and shareholders.  Like last quarter, I remain confident that we’ll continue to lead the industry. We have 23 years of experience to build upon to help us excel into the future. With our great associates, our national footprint, our unparalleled inventory, brand strength and continued focus on improving the customer experience, both online and in-store, no one is in a better position than CarMax to fully deliver the best car buying experience.  With that I will open up the call for questions, so Victoria?
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. A question on the search engine optimization you’ve been working on, I think, earnestly this year. I guess I'm a little surprised that web traffic is flattish, given that. So, if you could give us an update on where you stand on search engine optimization and how much of a driver that might really be going forward.
Bill Nash: Sure. Thanks Sharon. So SEO is a big focus for us. The things that we’ve done so far this year to really focus on that, first of all the website which we’ve talked in the past. In addition to the website, recently we’ve been working on some of the design of the website to make sure that search engines can get the information in a quick, time sensitive fashion so that they can pull all the relevant data down. So that’s something that we’ve been working on here more recently. We’ve also been publishing some content that our customers want and expect, but this is an area now that we’ve got the website up, we’ve made some tweaks to it. This is an area that we think still has a lot of opportunity going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer 
Brian Nagel: Good morning. Nice quarter. My question is on used car unit comps, two parts. I'm going to shove it together. First off, a number of retailers really across the board have discussed some sales disruptions, like the change around the recent presidential election. So I know it's not typical for CarMax to talk about intra-quarter trends, but I thought maybe you could discuss that. And then the second question also relating to car sales, you talked a lot in the prepared comments about some of the internal initiatives. We've clearly seen a sequential improvement in used car unit comps over the past few quarters. From a market standpoint, has CarMax started to benefit yet from the supply of vehicles improving within the industry? Thank you
Bill Nash: Yes, Brian. So on the first question, I really don’t have a comment on that and the Trump effect. On the second part of the question, as it relates to the supply, I absolutely think that we are starting to see the supply come back in the auctions and I think that’s a good thing for CarMax. As that supply comes back, it helps to drive the difference in price between a new car and a late model used car. So while I didn’t highlight that as one of the factors in the prepared remarks, I absolutely think that that’s also a contributing factor. 
Brian Nagel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. It's on the wholesale business, which fell a little bit. Do you think you are seeing your fair share of appraisal traffic or are sellers starting to use some of these alternate channels, which, again, you may have access to with your new strategy? And then on a related note, how does the increase in lease activity, we've got a lot more leased cars today, impact your opportunity for appraisal given those lessees are not selling their car. Thanks.
Bill Nash: Okay. On the wholesale piece, I think that’s more indicative of what I talked about in the early remarks, that as the new car SAAR works its way through from the recession, the shortage of new cars, for us that’s right into seven to nine year old vehicles and you know that’s right in the sweet spot of wholesale. And we saw the same phenomenon earlier on when those cars were zero to four. We saw less of them coming through as appraisal traffic we expect and we’re seeing the same thing come through in the seven to nine year old vehicles. So we think that’s more of a factor of what’s at play there. And I’m sorry the second question, what was it in regards to lease activity?
Craig Kennison: With the increase in overall lease activity, there are a lot of people who have cars that are leased and not therefore for sale. Does that impact your ability in the wholesale business to attract those cars? 
Bill Nash: No, I don’t think so at this point because first of all the leases are just starting to come back at this point and our wholesale cars are generally older. I do think that as the leases come back, that’s a good thing for the core business because that’s a lot more selection of younger vehicles. But I don’t think that’s having a big impact on the wholesale business. 
Craig Kennison: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot and good morning. Within the SG&A, other than the advertising, which was down for reasons that you stated, your compensation expense was also quite well controlled. It looks like on an aggregate basis it was up only 3% year on year, this comp and benefits, and up really, barely up on a two-year basis in aggregate dollars despite a big increase in stores. Was there anything related to stock comp, which I know you have sometimes called out, or any other factor, incentive comp, that would have led this number to be so subdued here in the third quarter?
Tom Reedy: Hey Matt. Yes, stock comp actually this quarter is the first time it’s been at a level so small that it’s not worth talking about on a year-over-year basis. But there are some good guys embedded in that comp and benefit number, both some unfavorability last year and some unfavorability this year. But despite that, we still did leverage that line relative to growth in unit sales. You could probably double the percentage increase and it would be a rough idea of what we -- kind of run rate it would be. 
Matthew Fassler: So, in other words, the run rate would have been something like 6% in dollars, normalized for everything, which still would have led you to good leverage.
Tom Reedy: Yes, that’s fair to say.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. That's very helpful. I'll count that as my follow-up and come back if we have more. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Levin with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Levin: Morning everybody. Just wanted to focus on the loss provision rates at CAF for a second. Is there a way that you can talk about, is this factoring in just what you are currently experiencing or does this take into account additional expected declines in used vehicle values moving forward? If it's just now, how much do you think this could continue to move down with used values coming down further from here?
Tom Reedy: Let me hit on a couple of things. One is used values definitely has a impact on loss rates, but historically customer behavior has been a much bigger driver and on an ongoing basis there’s many things moving. So it’s hard to say that that one individual factor could have a dramatic impact on a go-forward basis. As to the determination, every quarter we determine based on what we know we to date rather than based on any kind of speculation, a 12 month look-forward on loss expectation. So as I said, it’s based on historical information that we have and then how we are performing to date relative to that historical performance. So in a quarter where things are moving, you’re going to see us move that loss expectation. We have not in the past when things were going good taken a view to try to get ahead of things and we haven’t done that here as well.
Mike Levin: Got it. Maybe to put that in a little better perspective, these current rates versus history, I know the accounting was different at the time, but could you compare where these loss rates are versus where we were, say, through the crisis?
Tom Reedy: Yeah, I think well through the crisis, we typically try to manage our portfolio to kind of a 2 to 2.5% cumulative net loss rate. And the average life for these loans has been roughly two years as a proxy. So during the recession, we saw loss rates go to double that in the portfolio. But one thing I think I’d point out, after one point, if you look at the size of the loan loss allowance today which is a 12 month look, it’s 1.10%. So if you double that, you can see they were still well within the range of expectation in the zone that we are looking to originate. And something to remember also is that our tier three CAF is also part of that overall loan loss provision and represents almost 10% of it.
Mike Levin: 10% of the 1.1%?
Bill Nash: 10% of the dollar volume, the $114 million, $115 million of loan loss allowance.
Mike Levin: That’s really helpful. Thank you.
Bill Nash: So when we step back and look at this, yes we’ve seen deterioration relative to recent years, but still not to the point where we were pre-recession. 
Mike Levin: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys. You guys have always talked about tier 3 sales as really being incremental to the core run rate. So my question is, when CAF increases penetration, do you have an estimate what percent of those CAF sales are incremental? So in other words, is CAF financing some people that wouldn't have received credit elsewhere?
Tom Reedy: I think the answer to that is yes and not necessary because we are more aggressive than other folks, but every lender has a way that they look at credit. We think we have ways to look at our applicants and find pockets that work for us that may convert at a better rate because they got a CAF offer than if they get a tier 2 or tier 3 offer. So if you look at the conversion of customers based on a CAF offer versus based on a tier 2 or 3 offer, it’s much more significant. So you would expect that some of the CAF offers would be incremental just because of that phenomenon. 
Scot Ciccarelli: But, Tom, if you had, let's call it 7,600 extra unit sales because of the increase in CAF penetration, is there a percentage you would suggest that was incremental based on the way you guys look at your models?
Tom Reedy: Like I said, there would be some incremental there, but we haven’t shared anything as far as fractions. I can tell you that that percentage would not be expected to be up or down relative to recent years. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Right. Understood. And then related to that, because it has to do with on the credit side, given the rise in interest rates that we’ve seen, I would assume that your funding costs have actually increased. Just how should we generally think about how you guys plan to manage the spread versus moving interest rates too quickly on customers with the potential for negative unit elasticity? Thanks.
Tom Reedy : Well the nice thing about our business is we can test quickly and we can test pretty accurately in the CAF space. So we have seen an increase in benchmarks in recent weeks I guess if you look at it. And we have taken action to raise rates in certain pockets selectively to offset it to some extent. Now what we’ll need to do is as we look at it going forward to see if the market will allow us to keep those rates up because I’ve said many times we’re going to be a market lender. We’ve got to provide competitive rate to the customers so nobody is getting sour on CarMax over the finance offer they got. And we’ll closely monitor our three day payoffs. We’ll closely monitor conversion as we ramp up rates and we’ll do what the market allows us. But we are - this is something that is just ongoing business as usual for CarMax Auto Finance. We are constantly testing ways to maximize the profit and sales coming from that portfolio. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Got it. I'll follow-up later. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Banc of America Merrill Lynch
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. Just a question on supply and the impact potentially on grosses. It seems like there's a lot of the new vehicle dealers that are getting off the stop sale wagon and retailing a lot of used vehicles they had stored on their lots in the short run. So, I'm just curious what you think about supply there. And then, also, as you look at this leasing bubble that's coming over the next three years, where you think we are in that increase in supply. And as you think about those two legs of supply increases, what you think you can do as far as holding your grosses. Are you going to stay committed to this $2,100 to $2,200 range as we see that increase in supply really pick up?
Bill Nash: Yes, John. So on the first part of the question about the stop sales, I don’t really think that’s much of an impact. Lots of dealers have been selling vehicles that have open recalls. While you’ve got the franchise dealers that cannot - by the manufacturer standard, you can’t sell it for that franchise, they still sell other non-brand franchise at those stores. So for me that’s not really - I don’t really see that as either a positive or a negative. I think it’s just continuing on. As far as the lease thing, I said earlier we’re seeing more vehicles come back from the leasing channels and we think it will continue through next year and even into the year after that. And I think we’ve proven over time that we’ve been able to hold our margin throughout many different cycles. Now the only caveat that I would give there is you know we constantly do testing and if we think that moving that margin down would more than pay for itself in units, then we would look at that. And so we will continue to test, but we feel confident that we can continue to maintain those gross profit margins. 
John Murphy: And if I could just follow up, we simply think that if you dropped your gross by 10% you would expect to get at least a 10% pick up in volume or else you wouldn't do it. Is that correct? Or 11% increase in volume to offset that drop in gross? How would you think about that?
Bill Nash: Yes, we would want to see total more than offset the drop than what we see. So it would have to be a win on total gross. 
John Murphy: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Montani with Evercore.
Michael Montani: Hi guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask if I could and apologize if I missed it, but what are you seeing now in terms of SUV truck penetration? I think last year it was 23% by your measures and I was looking for it to be maybe low 30s. Could you talk about that?
Bill Nash : Yeah. So our large SUV mix for the quarter was - excuse me. Our large SUV mix for the quarter was up year-over-year. It’s about 25.7% versus last year’s third quarter was 23.3% so it’s about 250 basis points. It’s up about a point from the second quarter of this year. So the mix is up a little bit, which would inherently drive our ASPs up a little bit, but then because we had a shift in some of the older vehicles, that brought the ASPs down as well acquisition process. Lower acquisition prices brought it down. So SUV mix was up a little bit.
Michael Montani: Okay. That’s helpful. Can you talk a little bit about SAAR setting and how its trending in terms of buys that you would do and appraisal weighing versus auction in other areas? Just thinking about big picture, it would seem that you would be in a better position to sort and merchandise given that acquisition cost has come down. I just wanted to see how that’s playing out. 
Bill Nash : Is this in particular to the large SUVs or just in general?
Michael Montani: No, just in general.
Bill Nash : Yeah. I think what we are seeing out there is what we typically would see this time of year with fall depreciation. And I think with the fall depreciation obviously is going to lower the acquisition prices. Again, we feel like that’s a good thing for us because as the acquisition prices go down, we just can pass those lower prices onto the customers and there is a bigger delta between new cars and late model used cars, so we think it’s good.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens.
Rick Nelson: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about third-party lead generators, where you stand with those. And did you do anything different this quarter with the lead generators? 
Bill Nash : Yes. We have all of our inventory listed on - for the quarter it was on Car Gurus and that was the only site that we had our inventory listed on during the third quarter and we’ll constantly test some different things, but that was the only one during the quarter.
Rick Nelson: Okay. Thank you for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge
James Albertine: Great. Thanks for taking the question and good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask, and I know it's early, but certainly we're getting a lot of questions. We hosted a call yesterday on the subject matter in fact. Wanted to understand your thinking and maybe what you're hearing from your advisors as it relates to tax planning for next year and maybe some of the pushes and pulls as you think about the potential deductibility of CapEx or PP&E and maybe the reversal of deducting interest expense, and so forth, as well as the reduction in corporate tax rate. So just any strategy thoughts there would be helpful in helping us frame how you guys are thinking about it relative to peers, even. Thanks.
Bill Nash: Well James, since you had a call yesterday, maybe you should brief us on it because you probably have more information that we do. We really don’t have any thoughts at this point. It’s all so new and there’s so much up in the air. It’s just it’s too early to really talk about.
James Albertine: Okay, great. Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong: Good morning, everyone. So you mentioned a small increase in overall traffic into the stores, but you also had a reduction in appraisal traffic. Are you seeing any change in consumer behavior in terms of fewer people coming in with trade-ins? What do you think explains for that apparent disparity?
Bill Nash: I think like you said, we saw a small increase in store traffic and I talked a little bit about store traffic last quarter in that you really can’t look at just store traffic by itself. You really have to look at web traffic and especially for us, leads and store traffic to understand the overall big picture. Consumers are a lot more educated. We know that of the consumers that buy vehicles from us, nine out of 10 of them have already done a lot of research on CarMax.com. So they’re already much better educated. I think on the difference between getting a little bit more store traffic in and get appraisal traffic down. Again, a lot of it is tied to what we’re seeing as the SAAR rate works its way through the bubble. And I think that’s a main driver of why you see some of the appraisal traffic down.
Bill Armstrong: Because they are getting less money for the …
Bill Nash: Just because there aren’t as many. So like I talked about earlier, the seven to nine year old vehicles, there just aren’t as many as there were because seven to nine years ago the new car sales rates were going down. So if there aren’t as many customers that have those cars, they’re obviously not coming in to get them appraised. 
Bill Armstrong: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. You guys called out increase in the mix of sales to higher credit customers and their supply of late-model vehicles, but at the same time you are selling a higher mix of older vehicles. Can you help square away that dynamic, which has occurred for the last two quarters now?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think contrary to what a lot of people think is that your tier 3 customers are going to be the ones buying your late model or your older, less expensive vehicles and for us, that’s just not the case. Majority of the vehicles that we sell of the older, less expensive vehicles are to non-tier 3 customers. So I think what it says is that the consumers are still out there looking for a great deal and they’ve opted to go a little bit older and a little bit cheaper. So I think that explains the dynamic. It’s not just tier 3 customers that would be buying older, less expensive vehicles.
Seth Basham: Okay, that's helpful. And just as a follow-up, considering the increased supply of late-model vehicles, would you expect your mix to shift back to that direction over the next few quarters?
Bill Nash: Seth, we’ll sell whatever the consumers want. So if the consumers want that late model vehicle, then we’ll absolutely adjust our inventory accordingly. If they want to continue to buy older vehicles, then you won’t see that change. So it just depends. It’s all driven by consumer demand.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to talk about the future in e-commerce with the pilot programs you are doing. Obviously there are consumers who want this process to be very easy, but at the same time it's still roughly a $20,000 purchase for people. So how willing do you think people are to buy a vehicle without even coming into the store to do a test drive? Is it a small portion of the American public? Is it ultimately going to be a lot of people? I'd love to hear your thoughts on that.
Bill Nash: It’s a good question, David and I think you hit the nail on the head. It’s not an easy transaction. It’s a complicated transaction. That being said, I do think there’s a small subset of customers that want to try that experience. I think for us, we certainly are going to meet those customers wherever and however they want to do business, but I think more importantly is that I think consumers will want to do more of the transaction online in the near term and we will have the ability to not only do more of the transaction online, but it will be a seamless integration into the store. And I think that’s really what we’re focused on. In addition to giving the customers the ability to do everything, it really is okay, you want to do part of it online. Let’s make sure it’s a great experience and then when you walk into the store we just pick up from where you left off and that’s really what we’re focused on. I think that’s really where the consumer demand is going to be in the near term.
David Whiston: Okay, that's helpful. And for my follow-up, I wanted to ask a comment about buybacks. Stock has been near a 52-week high. Are those still full steam ahead?
Tom Reedy : Pardon me. I didn’t hear the tail end of your question.
David Whiston: The stock is near a 52-week high. Are buybacks still full steam ahead or are you looking to be a bit more cautious on that going forward?
Tom Reedy : As we’ve discussed before, we take an enlightened averaging in methodology to repurchases. So at any given time, we’re trying to average into the market and maintain our capital structure in the zone that we’ve targeted. You saw that in this quarter we bought back $199 million versus $125 million in Q2. That did represent a little bit of a step up in aggressiveness because we saw some weakness in the stock price, but the parameters we put in place allow for a little bit of that, allows us to be a little more aggressive when the price is weak and a little more conservative when the volume and price is looking strong. But we intend to be in the market on a regular basis.
David Whiston: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paresh Jain with Morgan Stanley.
Paresh Jain: Morning everyone. Just a quick question on inventory resourcing. Would it be fair to say that you currently source about 40% of your inventory from auction? How has that number changed in the last two years, if that's changed at all?
Bill Nash: So when we think about self-sufficiency which is opposite of the auctions, but actually getting it through our own appraisal and we’ve given the range of 40% to 50%, we’re at the lower end of that range, but we’re higher than we were a year ago and we’re very similar to where we are last quarter.
Paresh Jain: And a follow-up on the profitability of the vehicles sourced from auction, has the gap in profitability with those sourced through trade-ins changed at all in the last two years? I think the gap is about hundreds of dollars between the two.
Bill Nash: So the vehicles that we source through our appraisaling are still more profitable than the ones that we source offsite. As you can imagine, you don’t have transportation fees. You don’t have folks going out and incurring expenses, that kind of thing. So there’s still about the same amount of profitability over what they were before.
Paresh Jain: And no change in the last two years in that gap?
Bill Nash: I can’t speak really off the top of my head on the last two years, but it’s been very similar.
Paresh Jain: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Did you guys give out the zero to four mix this quarter, like you historically have, and how that compared versus last year?
Bill Nash: Zero to four we were down slightly 81 to 78.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got you. Okay. And then just a follow-up to that, given the scarcity of those cars given supply, I'm wondering if you're holding back more of those vehicles from wholesale to sell it used, if the two are related at all.
Bill Nash: Actually I think that supply is starting to come back on those so we’re seeing more out there. But as far as the selectivity, we’re always looking at selectivity when we purchase a car, whether we designate it wholesale or we put it through. I would say at this point when you’re talking about zero to four year old cars, we really haven’t changed anything recently as far as selectivity goes.
Chris Bottiglieri: I'm sorry. I meant holding back the seven to nines where you had tighter supply. Have you held back some of those from wholesale to retail at this point?
Bill Nash: I don’t think it’s considerably different than what we’ve been doing before. It really depends on the vehicles as they roll through. If they’re good quality vehicles and we can turn them into CarMax cars, then we’re going to do that. But we look at selectivity every single quarter and make the decisions that are appropriate at that point. I wouldn’t say that this one is necessarily - there hasn’t been a big change in this quarter versus other quarters.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay, great. Then one quick follow-up. Two questions have been asked on auction supply. It seems to me just looking at the auction data that there seems to be a mix of improvement in SUV and truck availability at the auction lanes. Has that been a driver for your business in terms of increased SUV and truck penetration?
Bill Nash: I think it’s, when you see that increased inventory, that will drive the prices down and that probably has a factor. It is a factor into where the customers want to buy the car, depending on how attractive it is from a price standpoint. But again, we really go off of customer demand and if they’re looking for large SUVs and we can get them at prices that they’ll pay, then we’ll put them on our front lot. Just this quarter folks were looking more for older, cheaper cars and so that’s what we did.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you for the commentary.
Operator: We do have a follow up from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot. Good morning again. If we were to be able to accurately calculate how new space productivity looked versus a year ago just in terms of raw numbers, what do you think we would see? And how did new store performance compare to your expectations?
Bill Nash: We’re pleased with new store performance. As we’ve talked about in the past, it’s difficult to talk about store productivity when you look at the size of stores that we’re building, when you throw in the small formats, when you look at going into new metro markets where awareness is at different levels. You’re going to have different ramping up. All the new stores are reaching profitability quicker than the old stores because of the GPU and they’re also meeting all of our internal rate of return. So we’re pleased with new store productivity.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. And then, secondly, I know you are far more focused on your customers than on your competition, but we did see one piece of competitive fallout with one of the higher-profile, albeit small, online startups essentially ceasing operations in its prior form and merging with another company. What’s your sense about the competitive environment online? Is it intensifying? Are you starting to see any signs of more rationalization in terms of the kind of offers that your customers can pursue away from CarMax?
Bill Nash: I think first of all just a comment on your first part about the online competitor ceasing operation. I think it goes back to something I talked about earlier which this is not a simple business. This is a hard business. It’s not easy to go out, source inventory for the right amount. It’s not easy to go out and put a cash offer on every single car. And I think that’s just an indication of why some of these folks are struggling. I think competition is hot in both the online space and the traditional and I think our challenge is to make sure that we continue to leverage the equities that have made it successful and them even better and leverage our data and our processes and our systems and our people to continue to widen the gap between us and our competition.  And like I said earlier, we’ve got 23 years’ worth of experience and 23 years’ worth of data and we’re leveraging that data and tapping into it in ways that we haven’t been able to and haven’t done in the past. So although the competition is hot and heavy, we feel really good about the positon that we’re in and I think ultimately to be as successful as we can be, we do need to make sure that we can be in the online space, but equally important is we’ve got to be in the brick and mortar space. I think you have to do both very, very well and I think we’re positioning ourselves to do just that.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next follow up comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey, guys. I guess this is a bit of a follow up on Matt's question. But I guess what I'm trying to figure out is, on some of these delivery tests, are there any key differences to what you are trying to do versus the guys like Vroom and Beepi? And also, how is it that you are allowed to close a transaction outside of the dealership? Because I guess I was always under the impression just legally you had to close the transaction at a dealership. Thanks?
Bill Nash: So on the second part of your question, there are some states where you can’t close it outside of the dealership. Our delivery, where we’re doing our tests, that’s obviously not the case. I think as far as differences, one of the difference in our home delivery test is you don’t have to buy the vehicle before we bring it out to you. We’ll bring it to you. You can test drive it at your home and if you decide to purchase it, we can do the transaction right there. That’s different than any other tests that are out there where they make you purchase the vehicle before it’s brought out to you. Again, it’s a small test. We’re trying to understand exactly what the customers want and the good thing is we can adjust the test as we move forward.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Bill Nash: Hey Scott, I think Tom was just saying, he thinks maybe one online competitors might allow you to …
Tom Reedy : Yes. There’s one that allows you to test drive, but they also make you give up your car as they’re trying to sell it.
Bill Nash: That’s right.
Scot Ciccarelli: I'm sorry, can you repeat that? It was broken up.
Tom Reedy : There is one competitor that allows you to test drive as a purchaser, but they’re a C2C enabler and the other part of their business offer is that they take possession of your car while you’re attempting to sell it so you don’t have use of your vehicle.
Bill Nash: Yes. So there’s nobody doing it exactly the way we are from a business to consumer, but to Tom’s point, there’s a C2C that will allow you to test drive without purchasing it beforehand.
Tom Reedy : I think it’s important. I think when we’re looking at this, we’re trying to make sure we’re not doing anything that inhibits the customer from wanting to transact with us.
Bill Nash: Yes.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got you. Thanks, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next follow up comes from the line of James Albertine with Consumer Edge.
James Albertine: Great. Thanks for taking the follow up here. And then on the same theme, on the online versus your traditional sourcing methods, I was curious, from a qualitative perspective, given you are now pretty far along in terms of your investments digitally, how do you think about operating margin? Are there any differences in the final operating income contribution whether you have sourced the customer through an online channel versus a traditional mechanism? And if you can maybe at a high level talk about what are the differences and pushes and pulls from an expense perspective that we should think about that drive that delta, if there is one?
Bill Nash: So James, I think it’s a little early to be talking about the differences. While we’re committed to expanding our online capability, we really we have such a small test going on home delivery and outside of that, all the other online capabilities customers are utilizing them and then transitioning into the store. So it’s a little early to talk about the economics of one versus the other and the delta.
James Albertine: Okay. Then maybe a quick follow-up. You’ve done a great job of laying out milestones for us historically to think about pilot programs. Are there any additional measures that we should look for in terms of calendar 2017? Any other major investments coming or looming that you thought about and are willing to articulate, at least from a qualitative perspective?
Bill Nash: No, I think the one that I highlight was one that we were going to be doing in the fourth which is the online appraisals and then in the fourth quarter, we’ll highlight any new ones for the upcoming year.
James Albertine: Okay. Great. Thanks again.
Operator: You do have another follow up question from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore.
Michael Montani: Hey, guys, I just wanted to follow up on two things. One is for Tom, if you could just quantify what recovery rates were like in the quarter and contextualize that for us. And then, secondly, what are you seeing in terms of credit availability from some of your third-party lenders? If memory serves, I think it was last March or April that you saw a noteworthy pullback from one of the largest ones.
Tom Reedy: So as far as recovery rates, it’s down a couple of points year over year in the quarter, but as I mentioned, consumer behavior in payments and recovery, them recovering themselves out of trouble tends to be more impactful. And I’m sorry, I didn’t quite get the tail end of your last question.
Michael Montani: I guess the last question was just, you did the 10% comp if you back out third-party subprime. I guess the question is, do you start to cycle the pullback in March, April, if memory serves? And then, also, what are you seeing in terms of lender behavior from third parties? Does it appear stable at this level or is there further pullback that you can see now? 
Tom Reedy: Sure. As far as cycling, I think in the current period right now we’ll begin to cycle over the trend we began observing in traffic. So remember we’ve been talking for several quarters about seeing fewer application volume at the lower end of the credit spectrum. That started somewhere around this time last year. So that portion of the decrease we’ll start to see some cycling. As I mentioned in my comments, the most recent tightening we saw was in mid Q1 from one of our tier 3 lenders. Since that time they have been behaving very consistently. If we look at conversion of customers in the tier 3 space, since the middle of Q1 it’s been very consistent. It’s below last year, but it’s been consistent. So yes, all else equal, in April you start to see us rolling over that on a year over year basis. In the tier 2 space, it’s almost exactly the opposite phenomenon. Conversion has been consistently better than last year since the first quarter and as I mentioned, they’re doing a great job of converting the volume that they see. A lot of the mix they’re now foreseeing, a lot of it is from the customer traffic coming through the door. That’s why CAF is up. That’s why other is up and that’s why that tier 2 and 3 are down.
Michael Montani: So, are you guys happy with the third-party subprime where it's at now at around 10%, or could we consider new lenders that might help to grow that again?
Tom Reedy: I think it’s going to be a matter of - obviously it’s going to be a matter what customers come through. We’re happy today with the amount we’re investing in the tier 3 space, which is about $1,000 a car of margin that we give away in order to enable those transactions. The tier 3 space is a lot more fragmented than the more prime space and other lending. We’re happy with the performance of our partners. We test other partners occasionally and to the extent one can add value, we consider bringing them in the mix. But I think if you step back and think about our current base as a platform for growing, it’s a much more profitable dynamic to grow at this mix than to have the mix migrate back to something higher.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Operator: Your next follow up comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Thanks for taking the follow-up question. Just thinking about the fact that most of your customers are shopping online before visiting the stores, as you consider the store model of the future what kind of changes are you thinking about? We notice, for example, in the Seattle area you're opening a pretty large megastore, which is likely a reconditioning focused facility in a lower cost area. Is that something you'll consider in other markets too?
Bill Nash: Yes. I think what you’re seeing in Seattle is more driven by the market dynamics and what’s available land wise. Obviously we’re looking at our store prototypes. We’ve got the small format store out there. You’ve seen we’ve opened more of those here more recently. I think it’s something that we’ll stay close to as we better understand the customer desire for transacting more and more parts of the transaction online. But I tell you, it’s not like we have 1,000 stores around the country. We have 169 stores and I think they’re all strategically located and the product we sell, you need space and you need places to build those cars. So I feel very comfortable with our growth strategy, what we’ve done so far and I feel very comfortable with what we’ve got in the pipeline currently.
Seth Basham: All right. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next follow up comes from the line of Mike Levin with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Levin: Thanks, guys. I wanted to follow up on your comments about increasing applications at the high end of the credit spectrum. And you said you also bought some market data that you were taking a look at. Just wondering if you could maybe put a few numbers behind what you are seeing at CarMax, how that compares to what you are seeing within the market. Are you outperforming those increases? And then how we might think about higher credits being a larger percentage of your mix impacting loss rates going forward.
Bill Nash: I’ll start with the last one. We’ll see how it impacts loss rates going forward depending on the environment. It’s way too early to tell. We’re not in a positon to give you any numbers regarding this, but I can give you a little color around what we looked at. We bought data related to auto inquiries, meaning folks that are hitting the bureaus in conjunction with an application for credit for an automobile for the past several years, both through submissions to captives and submissions or inquiries through the major dealer groups. And while we likely started feeling the phenomenon a little earlier, the data is telling us that the lower and lower middle part of the credit spectrum has seen a year over year decline in recent quarters for everybody. As far as the higher credit folks and the growth there, our data appears to show that we are growing a little bit stronger than the rest of them, but there could be a lot of factors between new car mix, used car mix et cetera that drives that. I don’t know if there’s anything really to take away from that.
Mike Levin: Okay. I appreciate the color.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I would now like to turn the conference back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Victoria. In closing, I just want to thank you for joining us today. I want to thank you for your continued support. I also want to thank our 23,000 associates that are working for us across the country. Our success is absolutely due to them and the exceptional customer service they provide on a daily basis. And I’m really proud of everything they’ve accomplished this year. I wish everyone a wonderful holiday and happy new year and we will talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-09-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Nash - President and Chief Executive Officer Katharine Kenny - VP, Investor Relations Tom Reedy - EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Craig Kennison - Robert Baird John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Irina Hodakovsky - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jamie Albertine - Consumer Edge Research Rick Nelson - Stephens Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates Paresh Jain - Morgan Stanley David Whiston - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning. My name is Victoria and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you, Victoria and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2017 second quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today is Bill Nash, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2016 filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I hope you will all remember to ask only one question and a follow up before getting back in the queue. Bill?
Bill Nash: Thank you, Katharine, and good morning everyone. First, I want to take a moment just to thank Tom Folliard for his significant contributions to CarMax over the last 23 years. We are very fortunate that he is still involved and will be Chairman of our Board and I am looking forward to continuing to work with him. So, Tom, if you are listening, which I am sure you are since I know there are no Boston sports teams playing at this time of the morning, thank you. Thank you from all of us here at CarMax. Over these past few months I have spent a lot of time on the road, visiting our stores and talking with our associates. I am incredibly proud of them. Our 22,000 associates across the country are doing an awesome job delivering the best car shopping experience in the industry. The success of our company is due to our great associates and I am committed to maintaining our strong workplace culture. I am also very excited about the opportunity we have ahead of us. In addition to our great associates, we have a top-notch management team here at the home office, CarMax Auto Finance, and in all of our stores to lead us into the future. More than 20 years ago CarMax was founded to fundamentally change the way used car buying is done. We have revolutionized the used car buying experience and our brand offer continues to resonate with customers. Now we are focused on extending that revolutionary experience. We are in a unique position to leverage our core strength which is the exceptional customer experience our associates are known for and extend it into a state-of-the-art online experience. We have launched a new Web site. We are testing new online shopping capabilities and we are continuing to build out a new technology infrastructure. All of these elements will ensure the entire car buying process is simple and seamless, both online and in our stores. And we are confident that our systems and processes put us in the best position to drive scalability and efficient execution nationwide. Keep in mind, we still only reach about 65% of the U.S. population. We are committed to our national expansion and will open 15 stores this year and 13 to 16 stores next year. Now I'll take a few moments to review some of the highlights of our second quarter results before I turn the call over to Tom Reedy to address financing. Then I will conclude with an update on some of our strategic initiatives. Our total used unit comps for the second quarter increased by over 3% and total used units grew 7%. Total used unit comps were driven by a strong improvement in conversion but it was partially offset by a decline in traffic. As we discussed last quarter, we believe our decrease in traffic was largely due to the continuation of less traffic from customers at the lower end of the credit spectrum. Used unit comps for our non-Tier 3 customers were significantly stronger this quarter at over 8%. When it comes to our total web traffic, it increased 4% compared with the prior year quarter. Gross profit per used unit at $2,160 remained consistent with $2,166 in the second quarter of last year. Our wholesale units declined by 1.3% in the second quarter. Compared to the second quarter of last year we had one less Monday this quarter and approximately 55% of our auctions take place on Mondays. Excluding the effect of the calendar shift, we estimate this year's wholesale vehicle unit sales growth would have been 1.4% year-over-year. Gross profit per wholesale unit decreased to $870 compared to the gross profit per unit of $951 last second quarter. Last year's gross profit per unit was exceptionally strong, so it was a tough comparison. Let me cover a few other topics before I turn the call over to Tom. As a percentage of sales mix this quarter, zero to four year old vehicles fell to 76% compared to 79% last year as a result of higher customer demand for older and less expensive vehicles. On the expense side, SG&A for the second quarter increased 11% to $366 million. This growth partially reflects the 11% or 16 store increase in our store base since the beginning of the second quarter of last year and an $18 million increase in share-based compensation expense. Included in the share-based compensation expense was approximately $7 million which relates, like every quarter, to nonexecutive compensation units that are settled in cash. This expense is driven by the change in CarMax's stock price during a quarter versus the change in the previous year's quarter. So the expense in this second quarter was based on a five dollar increase in price versus a decrease of $10 in last year's second quarter. The other $11 million included in share-based compensation expense is related to the Board's decision to modify certain equity awards previously granted to Tom Folliard. These modifications effectively treated Tom as a retiree even though he is somewhat younger but he far exceeded the service requirement having been here for 23 years. These changes did not accelerate the original vesting of his awards or extend the original terms. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Bill. Good morning, everybody. Consistent with recent quarters, we experienced a year-over-year increase in credit applications from customers at the higher end of the credit spectrum and a decline across the lower end. This mix drove growth in the percentage of sales financed by CAF and growth in sales where customers paid cash or brought their own financing. CAF's net penetration increased to 45.3% compared with 43.3% in last year's second quarter. Net loans originated in the quarter rose more than 8% year-over-year to $1.4 billion due to a combination of CarMax's sales growth and our higher penetration. Tier 2 penetration fell year-over-year in the quarter by about 1 percentage point to 16.2%. While our tier 2 lenders performance based on what we see on their conversion of customers to sale, continued to be strong they were impacted by the decrease in volume for lower end credit applications as well. In addition to the slower volume, tier 3 sales continued to be affected by credit tightening at one of our third-party lenders. Tier 3 sales mix was 9.5% of used unit sales compared to 13.7% for the same period last year. This level of decline does not represent further tightening from what we experienced starting in the middle of Q1 of this year. CAF income of $96 million represented a decrease of 2.3% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016. This was due to a higher provision for loan losses and a lower interest margin, partially offset by a 12% growth in average managed receivables to over $10 billion. The year-over-year increase in the provision for loan losses in the second quarter reflected some unfavorable experience in the current quarter, the growth in receivables, and additional allowance that we booked based on our Q1 experience. Our ending allowance for loan losses at $110 million was 1.08% of ending managed receivables compared to 1.05% last quarter and 0.96% in prior year's second quarter. The allowance reflects the combination of both our experience in the quarter and adjustment for the overall portfolio based on what we have learned. This current level of loss reserve is consistent with our range of expectations, given our origination strategy and our portfolio mix. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 7.4%, similar to 7.2% in the last year's second quarter. Total interest margin declined to 5.9% of average managed receivables compared to 6.2% in the second quarter of last year. The total interest margin however has been at about 5.9% for three consecutive quarters. Now switching gears from CAF to CarMax. Like last quarter, interest expense is up year-over-year to $14 million compared to $7 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2016. This was due to higher average debt levels which as we have discussed, are a deliberate component of our capital structure strategy, as well as the store lease extensions that we have previously discussed in our filings. During the second quarter we took down the remaining $200 million of a private debt deal we closed in Q1 and we repurchased $2.4 million shares for $126 million. Now I will turn the call back over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thanks. Tom. During the second quarter we opened three stores. El Paso, Texas, and Bristol, Tennessee, both of which were in new markets for us. We also opened a third store in Boston. Subsequent to the end of the second quarter, we opened a store in Boise, Idaho, another new market for us. During the third quarter, we expect to open five more stores. Four will be in current markets including Philadelphia, Orlando and two in San Francisco. The fifth will be in Grand Rapids, a new market for us. Last quarter I talked about how we are testing different online components of the selling process to better understand and meet our customers' needs. I would like to give you an update on those efforts. I previously shared with you that we had rolled out a new adaptive, more intuitive Web site. The new Web site combines an upgraded and enhanced design with a seamless experience across all devices. We also upgraded the entire site to a state of the art technology platform which will allow us to more quickly innovate, test new capabilities and personalize the experience. This is the first full quarter with the new Web site in place and we are pleased with the performance so far. We have seen a positive response based on increased engagement activity such as inventory searches, viewing of car page details and creating personalized accounts. With our new site, we have to continue to drive leads and convert more customers from the Web site to store and finally to a sale. Second, we have been testing an online financing capability to help our customers to get pre-qualified for a loan before they choose a specific vehicle. They can get pre-qualified for financing from any computer or mobile device and then finish their shopping experience more quickly in the store. We have expanded the pilot to 13 stores and we are encouraged by the customer response. We are looking forward to rolling out the finished product to all our stores in the next couple of months and we will provide with you an update next quarter. Lastly, we have previously mentioned that we conducted a small test of home delivery. This allows the customers to shop for and buy a car at their convenience without coming into the store. We are now conducting another larger test in Charlotte, North Carolina. Through this test we hope to learn the best ways to further operationalize this offering and deliver our hallmark exceptional customer service experience outside the store. We believe no one is in a better position to deliver as much of the car buying experience online as the customer wants. We believe that we are uniquely positioned to give customers the ability to go between the digital experience and the in-store experience whenever and however they would like. CarMax's national footprint, unparalleled inventory and brand strength position us to continue to lead the industry. Now I will open it up for questions. Victoria?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Bill, welcome to the CEO role.
Bill Nash: Thank you.
Brian Nagel: So I have a couple of questions, and I'll squish them together here. First off, with respect to used car unit comps, clearly there was a lot of estimate for, I guess a lot of noise with regard to forecast for the quarter. As I look at the results today, call it the 3% used car unit comp, was quite good in the sense that it suggested an acceleration from first quarter levels. So the question I have there is, as you look at the dynamic behind that, can you help us identify what may have changed in the environment for CarMax here in Q2 versus Q1 to help to facilitate that acceleration in used car unit comps? And then I'll do my follow-up.
Bill Nash: Yes. So, first of all, Brian, we are encouraged by the overall comps of the little over 3%. We are equally encouraged that we got that even with the headwind that we faced in the tier 3 space. So, again, if you looked at just the non-core -- I am sorry, the non-tier 3 sales, it was really at 8%. So we feel good about that. And I think really what you are seeing is the culmination of a bunch of different initiatives and better execution at the store level. I can't pinpoint it to necessarily one thing that’s driving comps this quarter over last quarter. I think it's the culmination of some of the strategic initiatives that we have been talking about and I think also just better execution at the store level.
Brian Nagel: So on that, is the supply situation, I know we talk a lot about supply over the last several quarters now, but are you seeing some relief on the supply side, is that positive?
Bill Nash: Yes, I think on the supply side I think the expectations were that was going to be coming back more in full force at this point and continue on later into next year and in the year after. We really haven't seen a big, huge increase in the supply of late model cars. I think there is some coming out there but we haven't seen the big increase that I think was originally expected and we think it will come, our external partners being the auctions think they will come later this year into next year and even the year after.
Brian Nagel: Okay. And then my follow up on the -- with respect to the credit business. The loan loss provision there, just help us understand that. I get it, they're still very small numbers but the 1.4% here in the second quarter was up modestly year-on-year and sequentially. How should we think about that increase? Is it more one time in nature? Is there something happening in the business?
Bill Nash: What I can say, Brian, is that it incorporates everything we have learned about the portfolio to date. We can't speak to how things are going to migrate in the future but I think it's important to point out that we have been in an environment of very favorable, not just we but the overall credit markets in general, have been in a very favorable loss environment for the last few years, the last couple of years at least. And it's not hugely surprising to see things starting to migrate a little bit differently. That said, all we can put into -- all we put into our provision is what we learned to date. We are not making any prognostications about the future and continued movement and obviously we will keep a close eye on it and adjust our strategies if it merits that. I mean it -- as I think you pointed out, quarter-over-quarter sequentially it's not that big of an uptick. If you look year-over-year, it's a pretty significant jump about, but about half of that jump we would have expected based on the fact that the portfolio has grown 12% and the experience that we had in Q1, we incorporated into our provision for this quarter. So there was some unexpected unfavorable experience but much of the change in the provision shouldn’t be too unexpected even though it was a pretty big step up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: I guess I'm going to ask two questions but really quickly. The subprime degradation you're seeing, Tom, can you talk about whether that's more on the applications or the approval side? If you're seeing a little bit of both and whether there's any stabilization occurring there?
Tom Reedy: Sure. Sure. Yes, I think mentioned -- we are seeing it on both sides, right. If you kind of looked at our degradation year-over-year, we would estimate that about 40% of the decline is due to application volume and the remaining 60% is really due to a change in behavior of our lenders, one lender in particular. So as far as stabilization, I think what we saw happen last quarter was during the quarter, during Q1, Santander, who has been in the press about and talking about how they are pulling back in different spaces, we saw change in behavior there in the middle of the quarter, so we didn’t really get a full quarter's impact of it in Q1, but since May we have seen stable performance in the tier three space that doesn’t, I am not speaking to the future, but we’ve seen four months of stability and this quarter reflects kind of a full quarter of the new world as it was since those changes. As far as the change, it's more of the same that we have talked about in the past as we have seen changes in lender behavior. Our global approval rate is still well above 90% but the quality of the offers and the attractiveness of those offers to the customers, it becomes worse if they are asking for more down or if they are asking for stipulations like proof of income etcetera. And so that’s the nature of the tightening that we have seen.
Sharon Zackfia: I guess as a follow up to that. Does this in any way kind of change your attitude towards maybe expanding the CAF test in subprime or, I know you're always testing other lenders. Is there anything you can do there to augment what's happening with Santander?
Tom Reedy: I think, as you pointed out, we are always looking at testing other lenders, we have got a test running right now but it's not big enough to talk about. The interesting thing about this space is there is very few national players, it's like much more a regional space in the financing world. So we can test additional lenders. As far as CarMax Auto Finance, we are comfortable with our level of activity where it is. I mean we are not -- Santander is not pulling back because they are delighted with what they are seeing in that portfolio. And when we think about that space, there is more to it than just the profit, there is the impact on our brand. There is the impact on our reputation with customers and in this current environment I think we are happier being thought of as a prime lender that has some activity in the tier 3 space. We are learning from it. We are learning how to originate. We are learning how to service. We are leaning how to perform and we are building a track record in that space. But we haven't determined that. Now is the time to go forward with anything greater. And if you remember, when we first rolled this out a couple of years ago, we have said specifically that we were not interested in this space in order to augment sales at CarMax. It was more of a learning and potential profit play and that we could be one of several players in this space.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: You guys did talk about seeing some slower traffic trends from lower credit quality customers last quarter as well. With more time to analyze your data and any kind of surveys you're doing, do you have any more clarity on what may be driving that? I'm trying to figure out, are people kind of disqualifying themselves from even walking in because they know they're going to be declined credit or is this just fewer footsteps coming from a certain portion of the consumer base?
Tom Reedy: Yes. It's difficult to pry all that data apart, Scot. So unfortunately I think we are not going to have a real satisfying answer for you on that. We can really only comment on what we have seen in our stores. One thing we do believe is there is some co-relation between the quality of offer that we are providing in the stores and the application volume because there is word of mouth in the customer space. The quality of offers is currently down year-over-year and has declined over the last several quarters.
Scot Ciccarelli: When you say quality of offer, you're talking about terms?
Tom Reedy: I am talking about the terms, not whether they are approved or not but whether they are approved and need another $1000 down or if there is something else. So what we have observed in the stores is a reduction in those applications, call it the below $600 FICO level and continued increases in the volume of applications on the high end. Now I can't speak to what other people are experiencing but we have seen some communications from other retailers that this particular segment of customers is a bit challenged today. So to the extent that might plan the things that’s there. But when you ask about that and what you might do about it, is we think about hypothesis where we could be driving this it's not apparent to us that there is a course of change in our action in this segment that would be appropriate. Remember, we have always talked about this business as incremental and we already invest $1000 per car into this channel in order to realize half, a third to half of the profit of a tier two or a CAF deal. So we could speculate that, would our lenders like to see more money from us in order to be more aggressive. I am sure they would say they would try. But I don’t think we are interested in increasing the, or decreasing our margin any further on this space and we are certainly not interested in increasing prices to subsidize our tier 3 partners. That’s just not good business for us. I think the investments Bill discussed in our online capabilities and customer experience are a high priority for us and looking at the business absent the effects of the tier 3 space, we are pretty pleased with the momentum we see at the 8% comps. And in the longer-term growing off the base of 45% CAF and 10% tier 3, is a much more profitable equation than when we were seeing tier 3 in your 20% a couple of years ago. So I don’t know what it makes of the overall environment but like I said, I don’t think there is any action or course we would change to try to address the phenomena we are seeing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: I've got one question and one follow up, if you'll let me. We talk about traffic and some of the traffic declines. We haven't spoken a lot about the quality of traffic, not in terms of creditworthiness but in terms of how much research consumers have done and one would think that the attachment rate of heavy web research with the transactions growing substantially. So, is traffic as relevant of a metric for you? That could be a function of why, that could be why your conversion is rising the way it is. So should we even be looking at traffic at this moment in time? I realize it's a good legacy metric, but it doesn't seem to be aligning with your comps and perhaps that's the reason why.
Bill Nash: No. Matt, I think that’s a good point. I think we know that nine out of ten of our customers that are buying from us start their shopping experience online. And they are coming in with better research already having been done. I think for us store traffic is still important and to your point, it has been kind of a legacy metric for us but I think equally important is we need to be looking at web traffic, we need to be looking at leads. Leads are highly, in the past they have been highly co-related to sales. So I think you have to step back and take more of a holistic picture and not just look at traffic. Because I do think part of the reason conversion is up, I think it's from execution, but I also think it's partly because people are coming in more informed and knowing what they want.
Matthew Fassler: My follow up relates to cut and stop sale. All independent used car retailers are operating, I believe, with less restriction than franchise dealers, at least when it relates to the brands associated with, that those dealers typically sell. Are you getting a sense that this is taking your share higher? Are more customers coming to you because they can't get access to the cars they want at the franchise dealers?
Bill Nash: No. I mean that’s really a hard thing to come out and I would say we believe that we are not necessarily getting some big benefit from that. We are real proud of the transparency that we have when it comes to recalls. We have led the industry. If you shop online, you will see, you will get the ability to check them into Web site to see if there is any open recalls. When you come in the stores, you can't buy a car without working through the sales consultant to understand, are there any open recalls on these vehicles and if they are signing off on those recalls. So we feel good about that. And to your point, there are lots of other dealers out there selling vehicles with open recalls. I just think that we do it in the most transparent way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: Bill, you mentioned that CarMax covers about 65% of the addressable U.S. market today. But with your opportunity to invest in some of your digital initiatives, could the pace of investment in those bricks and mortar stores slow in some of the out years?
Bill Nash: So, Craig, what we said and we will probably update this later on, but we are still committed to the national expansion. We have got 13 to 16 stores planned next year. Certainly I think as we go forward, we will look at the design of the stores and the design of the prototypes may change but at this point we are still committed to building brick and mortar facilities.
Craig Kennison: And just as a follow up. How many states will allow you to use home delivery as part of that new service you've piloted?
Bill Nash: Yes. I don’t know that off the top of my head, Craig. I would have to get back to you on that. With your earlier question, the other thing I would just reiterate is we think that the advantage for us will be, as we look forward it's going to be a combination of having that store presence but then also being able to do the transactions online and being able to combine those two. And I think to be ultimately successful, or as successful as I think we can be, we need to do both of those really well. Well, that’s why we are still committed to building out facilities.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. Just wanted to touch on SG&A because it seemed like a pretty good performance in the quarter. I mean when we back out the increase in stock comp, there really wasn't much deleveraging and we're looking at a store base that's almost 11% greater year-over-year. We're looking at investment in online opportunities and all your new efforts, yet we're not seeing a deleveraging in SG&A. So just curious, as we think about all the buckets of potential increases in deleveraging that we usually would expect, how are they playing out in SG&A and how do you think that should work going forward because it really is a very impressive performance. There really was no SG&A deleverage and traditionally we would look for like a 7% to 8% increase in same store sales to see this kind of performance and you put up a good number, 3.1%, but I mean it's not what we would have expected. It was a very good performance. Is there anything going on here in thrifting in certain areas or investment that might not be as great as we're thinking?
Tom Reedy: John, this is Tom. One think I would point out is something we called that in the release, is that there is some other favorable things going on with regard to incentive comp in this quarter that were larger than what we have seen in prior quarters. And it's relatively in line, I mean that stock-based comp was up quite a bit. But if you look at that and then the full year adjustment, they're of similar magnitude. So I wouldn't read into this that we're doing a better job with SG&A than we had been in the past. We're investing comp and benefits. If you look at those two things, absent those two things, is in line with that, the 11% you see on the table in the graph. Store occupancy is up in line with our growth of stores. So there's nothing really to talk about there. Advertising looks light relative to last year, but that's because last year we were in the midst of creating a new ad campaign that rolled out in Q3. So, both Q2 and Q3 last year were heavy ad spend.
Bill Nash: And John, the only thing I'd add to that, I mean we still feel like we can leverage at the mid-single digit comps and to Tom Reedy's point, we're continuing to invest in some of the technologies, in the digital experiences that I talked about earlier. Now that being said, we have an SG&A on a yearly basis over $1 billion and we're certainly focused on continuing to look at opportunities and continuing to do things better to continue to leverage more in the future.
John Murphy: So maybe to put a finer point on it, you would say that roughly something in the 5% to 7.5% range on same store sales comps would be enough to create some small leverage on SG&A, given all the efforts that are going on right now?
Bill Nash: I think that's fair. I...
Tom Reedy: We see some leverage at mid-single digit. 7% is pretty big. Once you start getting above that fulcrum of leverage, it gets pretty powerful. So I would say 7%, we feel pretty good.
John Murphy: Okay. So, 5% plus or minus is breakeven and as we get above that there's potential for some really good operating leverage to kick in?
Tom Reedy: And I'd just use that as a rule of thumb. We haven't dusted that off.
John Murphy: That's incredibly helpful. Just one quick follow-up. We see rates ratchet up on the cost side on CAF. You guys increased the cost to the consumer, I think, 20 bps. What is your comfort level in passing through the cost increase through to the customer so we don't see spreads sort of on a continuous basis, compress?
Tom Reedy: Yes. I think we're constantly testing at CAF, both up and down, depending on what we're seeing in the marketplace. And I think I've said this before on calls, the performance of the finance business is going to be somewhat market driven. We have to be an attractive alternative for our customers in financing or else we'd be turning people off to CarMax. So, if competition is aggressive and willing to accept a slightly lower spread than they are currently, we will have to adjust our offers over time to meet that competition and make sure that we're still relevant to the customer. That said, if you look at the last eight or nine securitization deals, the spread has been pretty consistent in the mid-5s. And that's not out of line with what we've seen in higher interest rate environment. So like I said, we've been in higher interest rate environments before where cost of funds have been higher, where we've been able to achieve the spreads we are today. What's really the wild card is competition and how aggressive they get. And like I said, we'll have to be a market player, and that's just part of being in the finance business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache: Two questions. One is, there have been a few anecdotal reports, I think Experian and a few others, talking about a trend of consumers shifting from the new market to the used market, just given the inflation that's occurred in new car pricing. And I was wondering if this is something that you're observing and whether that you feel is a trend that could be quite meaningful? Obviously, seeing 8% comps in the prime side of things might support that.
Bill Nash: Yes. I have not heard that. I hope it's the case but I think part of what's helping is the prices of wholesale vehicles have gone down. Our ASP went down slightly. I think it's a factor of -- part of it's a shift from the zero to four to a little bit older vehicle for us. Part of it is the cheaper acquisition price as well, with a little offset in the fact that our large SUVs as a percent of mix are a little bit higher, a couple of points higher than they were a year ago. But I have not heard what you're referencing.
Rod Lache: Okay. Thanks. And just, I guess, a follow-up on CAF. It's been a relatively modest increase in provisions but just in terms of the trends that you're observing, is the decline mostly a function of frequency or is it severity as you're seeing some modest declines in used car prices?
Bill Nash: I think what we observed is a little bit of both. Last quarter it was a little bit more severity. So, if you look at kind of recovery rate year over year, it was more impactful last quarter. But at the end of the day, we've just got to keep an eye on both of them and we watch what's happening in the portfolio and we can adjust as we go.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Montani with Evercore ISI.
Michael Montani: I wanted to ask first, if I could, can you just give an update on SUV and truck penetration this quarter versus a year ago? And then just talk about your ability to source between those buckets and toggle between them as prices soften a little bit.
Bill Nash: Yes. So SUVs for us was up about 2 points. I think it was 25% of our mix, which is about 2 points higher than a year ago. And again, we're out in the market every week, every day, buying cars, and if we feel like they're at a good price, we're certainly going to buy them if that's what the customers are demanding. We want to make sure it's a good price. Again, we sell what the consumer demand is on our lot. So as prices shift, that's pretty much standard operating procedure for us. We're able to go in and take advantage of those offers.
Michael Montani: If I could just follow up on some of the online initiatives that you have, one question there is what you're seeing in particular if you can share, Bill, around the rollout of home delivery that's encouraging and making you expand it? And then the second question was, when you look at search engine optimization, if I do a Google search for used cars, you all are coming up on page four. And it just doesn't make sense to me. So I guess the question is, what kind of priority do you assign to search engine optimization and moving up that non-paid list on Google?
Bill Nash: Right. So on the home delivery, if you remember, we did a very limited test back in February and the goal of that test was really to see, does this resonate with our customers. And we felt like there is enough interest at the customer level that we decided to, okay, let's look at this, try to operationalize a little bit better and we had talked about coming back with a second test. It's really too early to give you any results because we just started the second test, just in the last couple weeks. And, again, the plan for this test is to understand, have we been able to operationalize it better, can we operationalize it even more. And then, really important to that also, is that we want to make sure that the experience meets our high standards of great customer service that we have in the stores. So that's really what we're trying to understand with this piece. It's too early to really talk about any type of results. On the search engine optimization, obviously a big part of the web redesign is making sure that when customers search for us, that we come up organically. That's the best thing. When you don't have to pay for a lead and you just automatically come up on the first page. And what I can tell you, if I look at over a year ago, about a year ago if you searched for us in some generic terms we didn't show up on the first page. We were in some cases several pages below the first page. And if you search for something, you typically don't go many pages past the first page. I'm pleased to tell you that we've made great strides. And when you type in key words now, we're on that first page and our goal is to continue to climb that first page. So, we're encouraged by the results and the progress that we've made since we've been working on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hoselton with KeyBanc.
Irina Hodakovsky: This is actually Irina Hodakovsky on for Brett Hoselton. How are you? Most of the questions have been asked. I do want to ask a basic question on the share buyback. In your release you stated you have $1.89 billion remaining open. Last quarter your release stated $1.27 billion. Has there been an increase and what should we expect going forward?
Tom Reedy: Yes, I think, our board authorized a $750 million increase last quarter and they also took off the time limitations on the program. So I think the message there is it's become a part of what we do. As far as on a go forward basis, we talked about having a target capital structure in the adjusted debt to capital range of 35% to 45%. Both last quarter and this quarter we're scratching up on the bottom end of that. And as I said last quarter, I think you can look to be more in a maintenance mode rather than a shifting the capital structure mode on a go forward basis. That said, with the cash flow nature of the business as it stands today, we'll continue to generate significant cash and we would expect to continue to buy back stock and continue to add debt to maintain those targets. And as we've said before, we try to do a little bit of an enlightened averaging in. So I wouldn't read into volume in any given quarter. It may be dictated by our view on valuation versus where things are.
Irina Hodakovsky: What is the new updated expiration date on the program?
Tom Reedy: As I said, they eliminated the expiration feature of the program.
Irina Hodakovsky: Oh, eliminated, I'm sorry. I didn't hear that correctly.
Tom Reedy: It's part of what we do now and we expect to be in the market maintaining the capital structure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Albertine with Consumer Edge.
Jamie Albertine: I just wanted to understand if there were any changes from an inventory management perspective as it relates to when a vehicle's VIN would go in and out of your system as it's perceived on the web. Whether it's related to transfers across stores or if it's always a sale, or if it has something to do with recalls. Just wanted to get some underpinnings as to what may be driving the shifts in inventory we might be seeing from a web [indiscernible] perspective intra-quarter. Thanks.
Bill Nash: Yes. We haven't changed any of our practices or processes or behaviors. So I really can't speak to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens.
Rick Nelson: I have a question about wholesale operation. The participants in those auctions, the independent used car lots, how dependent on subprime finance do you think those independents are?
Bill Nash: Yes, Rick, I think they're probably more dependent than a franchise dealer, but some of them finance themselves. It's really hard to say.
Tom Reedy: This is Tom. One thing I'd point out also, and I can't speak for the practice at all of those customers, but they do usually as a matter of course, have the ability to change the price that they charge the customer. So to the extent it's getting more challenging in subprime and their vendors may be asking for more money up front, they have more flexibility to do it than we would in our fixed price system. So the answer is, we don't know and I think it's across the board but there are some levers that they may pull that we certainly wouldn't.
Bill Nash: And I think that phenomenon exists even with other franchise dealers.
Rick Nelson: Okay. Thank you for that. Is all the decline in the tier 3 at all due to the tier 2 dipping into that tier 3 bucket? I know you've discussed that in the past.
Tom Reedy: I think in past quarters we've observed that. Tier 2 is clearly, from the data we look at, clearly behaving more aggressively, which is great for us, than they were a year ago, and when we look at conversion of the applications that they're seeing. So that would de facto be another thing that impacts the volume that tier 3 is seeing. But as I mentioned, tier 2 is down a little bit as well, just because of the overall mix shift. So, while they're behaving more aggressively and they're doing a great job for us and we're happy with the partners we have in that space, less is filtering down to them because more of it is getting caught by the high end credit and CAF.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush Securities.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question is a little bit more broader on the wholesale business. With wholesale gross profit down 10% year-over-year, obviously you had a calendar shift. But are there any other things you can point to which led to that decline and how do you think it's going to perform going forward?
Tom Reedy: Yes. So if you look at the wholesale margin GPU, I called out earlier in my remarks, it's a very tough comparison. When I say tough comparison, last year's second quarter was the highest GPU for wholesale we've ever experienced as an organization, so -- I'm sorry, in the second quarter. So, it was a very tough comparison. I think what you're seeing is the amount that we're at now is more representative of a typical second quarter. The other thing that I would point out is, last year's second quarter from a depreciation or appreciation standpoint, it was really stable. This year it was a depreciating market and you know we aren't proactive, we're more reactive and we move as the market moves. We don't speculate. So I think it's a combined factor of tough comparison and also a different type of market this second quarter, which really is more representative of what we would typically see in the second quarter versus last year.
Seth Basham: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then a follow up question, Bill. The company has had a practice of trying to maintain gross profit per unit pretty flattish for the last five years or so. How do you think about the balancing of comps versus GPU going forward?
Bill Nash: Yes. I've been involved with the organization for a long time and we've held that $2,100 to $2,200 pretty consistent for multiple quarters. Like we've talked about in the past, we're always willing and we're always trying, if you give up a little bit of margin, do you make it up more in sales, so that your total GPU or total gross profit goes up. We'll continue to test. But I also feel good about the fact that we're able to maintain that GPU. And as I think about levers to pull, if we want to make sure our price stays competitive, it's not just GPU, it's also acquisition price and it's also about the dollars that you put into a vehicle to get it to our quality standards. So again, I think our focus is going to be on acquisition price, it will be on the reconditioning, because again we're more focused on the spread between what we buy a car and what a customer ultimately pays for it. And we think that we feel good about where the margin is right now. We'll continue to test, obviously, but we're really focused on acquisition cost and the amount that we put into it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: So SUV and truck mix was up pretty considerably. That should have driven ASPs higher. I'm not sure what you said about late model vehicles, the zero to fours, if those increased or not at the penetration level. I guess taking that together, your ASPs were actually down year-over-year. So, do we read into that, that you took a price investment this quarter? That being said, you held your GPU per unit even though your wholesale acquisition cost per unit seemed to increase. I'm just trying to triangulate all of that. Like what's the takeaway from all of that?
Tom Reedy: Yes. Chris, earlier I mentioned, while our mix was up slightly in the large SUVs, and you're right, that would drive the average ASP up a little bit. But we more than offset that with the fact that we had a mix shift. We didn't sell as many zero to four as we did last year, zero to four year old cars. This year we sold a few percentage points more in the older vehicles and those are typically less expensive. And the other thing that I would point out, that I spoke about earlier was we saw a cheaper acquisition price and that's reflective of what's going on or what went on in the market during the second quarter. So, it's really a combination of those three factors to get us down to a lower ASP.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. That makes sense. And then on tier 2, I'm not sure if you guys disclosed this historically, but what percentage of those loans would you say are subprime by FICO standards, like less than 620? I think you called [intentional] [ph] a slight pullback there.
Bill Nash: A majority of them.
Chris Bottiglieri: Majority of tier 2.
Bill Nash: Yes. I think, like I said before, I think subprime can be in the eye of the beholder.
Chris Bottiglieri: Yes, I agree.
Bill Nash: CAF, a wide spectrum of folks and FICO score is not the only indicator that lenders use to determine creditworthiness and whether they're going to advance. So some of what CAF does falls into that lower end. A good amount of tier 2 falls into that lower end and clearly all of tier 3, unless there is something really funny about the deal, fall into that lower end of the FICO. So as I said, tier 2s, their volume has been impacted but their behavior we're very happy with.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King.
Bill Armstrong: You took out a new $100 million warehouse facility for CAF tier 3 financing. Does this portend, perhaps, an appetite with CAF for more tier 3 lending or should we not really read anything into this?
Tom Reedy: I guess the short answer is, I would not read anything into this. As I discussed a little bit earlier, we are comfortable with our current level of activity and have no intentions at this time to change that. That said, like we want to learn about the space. We think it's good to build a track record on the financing side and I would rather use that capital to buy back stock and build new stores than fund the subprime initiative. So it makes sense, even though it's a small amount, it makes sense to take out debt against it because we can use third party capital.
Bill Armstrong: Got it. And would you be -- you wouldn't be securitizing this, you would just keep these loans in the warehouse facility and work through it like that?
Tom Reedy: Well, the warehouse legally is a securitization. So it's a non-recourse facility just like the warehouse for the core business but I think at this point we're comfortable with what we're doing. To the extent it ever got bigger, then we'd start contemplating permanent financing vehicles but we're not anywhere near that at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paresh Jain with Morgan Stanley.
Paresh Jain: Just a question on superstores. When you look at some of your peers, particularly on the franchise front, they're increasingly moving to a smaller store format. Can you remind us again as to what the relative advantages of a superstore are in today's environment?
Bill Nash: Well, Paresh, what I would tell you is, I actually haven't heard the superstore name in a long time. We used to have what we called superstores. The mix of stores today are dramatically different than they were even 10, 15 years ago. And when I look at our stores today, we have small format stores which has been introduced in the last five years. We also have satellite stores that don't have production. We have satellite stores with production. We have bigger production stores and then typical size CarMax stores. So, I think what you've seen over time with us is that we've shifted our prototypes and our models depending on the market that we're going in and we don't open up just one standard store size.
Tom Reedy: I think I'd add to that is, when we go into a market, no matter what kind, we're taking into account what our expectations are for sales volume in that location, which means how much inventory we need and also whether there's going to need to be an auction production. It's a bigger puzzle and it might involve various locations, and we try to flex the size of the space to the need that we view is in that particular market. As Bill said, we've got a number of smaller prototypes now than we did several years ago.
Paresh Jain: Understood. And just a follow-up on home delivery. When you look at some of the new entrants in this space, customer acquisition costs could be significantly higher, perhaps more than double the $200 to $250 range that you guys might be seeing. Is that something you'd be comfortable with to gain traction for that business or take it up a little bit higher than what your current range is?
Bill Nash: Yes. That's one of the reasons why we're testing it. We want to make sure that it resonates. We're talking about probably a very small subset of CarMax customers that would take advantage of this. We still think about how complicated the used car transaction is and how it needs human intervention, which we do a phenomenal job in our stores. Again, it's a test for us and we'll give you more updates in the future.
Tom Reedy: It's too early to talk about whether it would be worth the additional cost because we need to scope what those additional costs would be and vet that out more significantly, and also determine how much incrementality there would be in that particular segment. We think it's much too early to tell.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston: You touched on this a little bit earlier. I just still wasn't clear. Any idea why your zero to four year old mix fell despite there being less traffic from the lower credit quality customers? Is there a bit of a supply issue there?
Bill Nash: No, there is not a supply issue. Again, we're meeting the demands of our customers and if our customers are looking for more older vehicles that are less expensive, then we're going to meet that need. So, it's more driven off of the customer need than any supply issue.
David Whiston: Okay. Thanks. And, Bill, now that you've had some time to travel around the store base a bit, is there anything you want to change or improve about the operations or the company as a whole?
Bill Nash: No. Like I said earlier, I'm really excited and proud of what our associates do on a daily basis. Their job is not an easy job. And when I go out to the store, I see improvements. I see dedication to the company. I see everybody looking to figure out, how can we execute better and do our jobs better and provide a better customer experience to our customers? So, no, I think it's going great.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks for having me back for a couple of follow-ups. The other overhead line within SG&A was up meaningfully. Is that technology investment or is something else showing up in that line item?
Tom Reedy: The bulk of that, you've hit it right on the head, the bulk of it is investment in technology and digital.
Matthew Fassler: Is that likely to persist directionally?
Tom Reedy: Yes, we're going to continue to invest in that. And to my point earlier, we spend over $1 billion. So our job is to make sure that we refocus some of that money, so it's not all incremental. But, yes, we will continue to invest in this.
Matthew Fassler: And then, secondly, you've spoken a bit about zero to four and the age of cars that you're selling. I want to try to tie that in to the sources of used cars coming back onto the market. Presumably with the SAAR stabilizing or even slowing somewhat, transactions emanating from consumers buying new cars are flattening out or moderating but the institutional supply of cars coming off lease, I think, continues to grow. Are more of the cars that are hitting the market in that zero to four coming through auction rather than through trade in the marketplace at large? And is that one of the factors that, given your desire to maintain self sufficiency at a fairly high rate, is that one of the factors that could be impacting what you're selling? And, if so, does that impact profitability at all? It doesn't seem to be doing so, yes, but just to play that out.
Bill Nash: No, I don't think there's any big meaningful difference that we've seen through the appraisaling or through the auctions as it relates to zero to four. I do think we're a little surprised we haven't seen more of it funnel back. But, again, to my point earlier, we think that that's coming and it will be over multiple years. It certainly won't come back all at one time. And when we talk to our auction partners they agree that there's probably a lot that will be coming back next year and even the year after.
Operator: That's our last question. I'd like to turn the call back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Bill Nash: Great. Thank you, Victoria. In closing, again, I just want to thank all of our associates nationwide. They're doing an outstanding job delivering an incredible customer experience every day. We would not be the successful company we are today without our associates and their dedication to the customer. We have a long runway of growth ahead of us. No one is in a better position than we are to continue to give the customers the best car buying experience online or in the store and we look forward to the opportunity to continue to lead the used car retailing industry. Thanks for your interest in CarMax and your support and we will talk again next quarter.
Operator: Again, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's call.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-06-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Folliard - Chief Executive Officer Bill Nash - President Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Murphy - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Craig Kennison - Robert Baird Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Mike Levin - Deutsche Bank Irina Hodakovsky - KeyBanc Seth Basham - Wedbush Rick Nelson - Stephens Paresh Jain - Morgan Stanley Bill Armstrong - CL King Associates David Whiston - Morningstar Chris Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Victoria and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you, Victoria and good morning. Thank you all for joining our fiscal 2017 first quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our Chief Executive Officer; Bill Nash, President; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2016 with the SEC. As always, I hope you will all remember to ask only one question and follow-up before getting back in the queue in order to give everyone a chance to ask a question. Before I turn it over to Tom, I just want to say how about those Cavs? Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine who has a hometown of Cleveland as you can tell. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. As usual, I will start with a quick overview of the key drivers of the quarter. Tom Reedy will then give some more detail around financing and we will turn over to Bill Nash who will share some additional information regarding the quarter. First quarter fiscal 2017 was a challenging one for us. Total revenues increased by 2.8%. Used unit comps were slightly positive and total used units grew 4%. Comp units were driven by an improvement in conversion, which offset a modest decrease in traffic. We do believe that the decline in traffic is both predominantly and disproportionately a result of the decrease in Tier 3 sales given the fact that Tier 3 conversion has historically been significantly lower than our non-Tier 3 conversion. For the non-Tier 3 customer base, comp units actually rose by 3.6%. Total web traffic increased by 7%. Wholesale units grew by 1.8%. CAF quarterly income fell 7.7% to $101 million. And net income for the first quarter declined by 3.6% to $175 million and EPS rose 4.7% to $0.90. During the first quarter, we bought back 2.6 million shares at a cost of $132 million. I will now turn the call over to Tom to talk about finance. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. This quarter, consistent with last two quarters, we continue to experience a year-over-year increase in credit applications from customers at the higher end of the credit spectrum and a decline in applications across the lower end. Consequently, we saw growth in the percentage of sales financed by CAF. We also saw growth in the share of sales where customers paid cash or brought their own financing. CAF’s net penetration was up over 1 percentage point to 43.9% compared with 42.7% in last year’s first quarter. Net loans originated in the quarter rose 6% year-over-year to $1.4 billion due to a combination of CarMax’s sales growth and the higher penetration of CAF. Tier 2 financing, as a percent of sales, fell slightly year-over-year to 17.4% compared to 18%, due to the lower applicant flow, which was partially offset by stronger conversion in that space. Tier 3 financing as a percent of sales declined to 11.9% compared to 14.7% in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 due to a combination of lower applicant volume and some measurable credit tightening by our third-party lenders. As Tom mentioned, CAF income of $101 million represented a decrease of approximately 8% compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016. This was due to a higher provision for loan losses, a lower interest margin partially offset by 12% growth in average managed receivables to $9.7 billion. The increase in the provision for loan losses in the first quarter reflected the favorability we commented on in last year’s first quarter, selling favorable experience in the current quarter as well as the growth in the receivables. Given last year’s favorability, much of the year-over-year increase in the provision was expected. However, we did have some unfavorable loss experience this quarter reflecting several factors, including a drop in wholesale recovery rate. Our ending allowance for loan losses at $104 million was 1.05% of ending managed receivables compared to 0.94% in last year’s first quarter and at 0.99% last quarter. This loss reserve is within our range of expectations given our origination strategy, which includes our Tier 3 activity. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 7.5%, similar to the 7.4% in last year’s first quarter. Total interest margin declined to 5.9% of average managed receivables compared to 6.3% in the first quarter of last year, but that’s consistent with the last couple of quarters. Interest expense in the quarter rose to $11 million – turning over to CarMax overall now. Interest expense in the quarter rose to $11 million compared to $7 million in the first quarter of FY ‘16. This was partially due to higher average debt levels that more than half of the increase was a result of the completion of lease extensions related to some of our stores as we discussed in our last 10-K filing. During the first quarter, we executed a private debt placement of $500 million. We sold $300 million of the deal in the first quarter, which was primarily used to reduce our outstanding revolver balance. And we will fund the remaining $200 million sometime in the second quarter. We also repurchased 2.6 million shares for $132 million. And at quarter end, we had $1.3 billion remaining under the current authorization. I will turn over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Great. Thanks, Tom. Good morning. As a percentage of our sales mix this quarter, 0 to 4-year-old vehicles remained essentially flat compared to last year at approximately 77%. Midsize and large SUVs and trucks as a percentage of sales increased by over 2% to approximately 25% in this first quarter compared to last year’s first quarter remained flat compared to the fourth quarter. SG&A expense for the first quarter increased 8.7% to $380 million. This growth primarily reflects the 11% or 16 store increase in our store base since the beginning of the first quarter of last year and a $7 million increase or $36 per unit in share-based compensation expense. Another $3 million increase in cost or roughly $18 a unit was related to hail damage incurred in several of our Texas markets during the quarter. In total, our SG&A per unit increased by $97 to $2,223. During our last call, I highlighted some of the advancements we are making to improve the customer experience and drive efficiency. Specifically, I mentioned that we would be rolling out a new adaptive and more personalized website. The new website was fully rolled out in April. It combines an upgraded and enhanced design with a seamless experience across all devices. We have also upgraded the entire site to a state-of-the-art technology platform. This will allow us to more quickly innovate, test new capabilities and personalize the experience based on the customer’s individual preferences. We will also continue to test different components of selling process online to better understand our customer needs. One of the new capabilities that we are currently testing is offering our customers online financing. Being pre-qualified for financing before the store visit helps build the customer’s confidence and will make the in-store shopping experience faster and more enjoyable. Our plan is to initially roll it out to 10 stores. We continue to believe that no one is in a better position than CarMax to deliver more of the transactions online or even deliver the car to the home. No one can match our existing infrastructure, our national footprint, our inventory scale and our brand strength. The ability to combine a state-of-the-art online experience, with the exceptional customer service our associates are known for is what will set us apart from our competitors. During the first quarter, we opened 2 stores, both in new markets, one in Springfield, Illinois and one in San Francisco. We plan to open 13 other stores during the fiscal year. Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we opened a store in El Paso, another new market for us. During the second quarter, we expect to open two more stores, one in Bristol, Tennessee, which is another new market for us and the other will be our third store in the Boston market. Now we will open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy: Good morning guys, can you hear me?
Tom Folliard: Yes. Hi John.
John Murphy: Just maybe a longer term question just to kind of follow-up on what you were just talking about your enhanced website, do you foresee a time where your store count is not necessarily growing as quickly as you are expecting right now, but you are reaching a broader set of consumers, quite simplistically I mean do need as many stores to cover a market as you do now if you kind of increased this physical presence and can you go a lot more asset light as the business emerges over time?
Tom Folliard: Yes. John, I think it’s important that we do both very well. So I think in the short-term, we don’t have any intentions of changing up our growth as far as the physical stores as we said in the past, 13 to 16 stores is what we have committed to for this year and next year. And we think that’s to be ultimately successful, you need to have a really good presence in both. And so I think for us, it’s going to be a combination of continuing to expand our offering online and then continuing to evolve our in-store process. Could we get to a point down the road where that may change up, that’s hard to tell at this point.
John Murphy: And these efforts aren’t having any impact on your showroom traffic, are they at this point?
Tom Folliard: No, I think when you think about traffic, foot traffic, it’s broadly known that consumers are being much more informed before they come into the store. So they are doing a lot of the research upfront. In our case, we know nine out of ten of our consumers that end up purchasing from us do some homework ahead of time from – on carmax.com. So what we do think is they are coming in more informed. And as we look out and try to continue to get comps comes, we are going to be focused both on traffic, both in-store traffic to the web and then equally focused on conversion.
John Murphy: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys.
Tom Folliard: Good morning Scoot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi, I guess my primary question is on the cap side and we did see obviously, a pickup in the loan loss reserves, where – how would you expect that to trend for the balance of the year given some of the unfavorable changes you saw happen during the course of the quarter?
Tom Reedy: Yes. Scot, one thing I would point out is that what we have booked in the quarter and is now booked in reserve is the 12-month look forward on losses. And our negative experience during the quarter is baked into our forecast direct for the rest of the year. So to the extent things were to worsen or improve, we would adjust accordingly. But at this point, everything we know about the environment including the experience we had in this quarter and having losses coming a little hot is baked into that forward-looking estimate. When you see the increase in that provision for loan losses, it’s a combination of both our experience in the quarter versus our expectation of what we had booked and an adjustment to the overall portfolio based on what we have learned. So as I said at this point, I think everything that we have learned based on methodology is baked in.
Scot Ciccarelli: So when you kind of peel back the onion a little bit Tom, is it more a recent vintages or is it older vintages or is it kind of across the board?
Tom Reedy: I think it’s a combination of things, Scot. In general, if you step back and look at it, last year’s experience was very favorable. So I don’t think we would have expected to have a repeat of that, so that’s kind of the first point. We have also seen pretty significant growth in the portfolio, which means losses are going to step-up. And then also in the last 2 years, we have expanded on the credit front a bit. If you remember back in 2013, we got much more aggressive with customers at the very high end of credit, offering very low rates to the highest credit quality customers. That had an impact of kind of bringing down our expected losses on the portfolio. Over the last 2 years though we have been expanding at the lower end of what CAF has done with some testing and some I guess prudent expansion, in an effort to bring our targeted cumulative net loss back in line with where we have tried to run it at that 2% to 2.5%, which is a very highly financeable portfolio. So I think it’s fair to say that activity in the last couple of years, we have gotten a bit more aggressive internationally. And we get compensated for that with higher rates. And some of that has – you would have maybe expectation and that would increase losses in the portfolio. But we did have some unfavorable experience in the quarter as I mentioned due to – partially due to that expansion and partially due to the wholesale recovery rate.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it, okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert Baird.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Before I begin I just want to say I consider Katharine the LeBron of Investor Relations.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you, Craig.
Craig Kennison: And my question is just a follow-up on the prequalifying buyers online, could you share more detail on what is required to do that, how long it takes and how you plan to handle sort of a disappointing outcomes and if someone who doesn’t get what they want? Thanks.
Tom Folliard: Yes. So like I said we are currently just testing it, getting ready to put it in ten stores, really what we want to do is, we are going to a prequalify them or they come into the store. We have the sales consultant involved in the process. So if someone’s decline, we can – we will contact the customer. And again, the goal will be not only to give them an approval, but to also transition them into the store at this point.
Craig Kennison: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler: Thanks a lot and good morning. If you think about the lower subprime penetration, this is a bit of an acceleration in the decline year-on-year in terms of penetration and do you expect declines to persist at this level, do you feel that your third-party providers are seeing similar experience to you and are in the process of pulling back further, do you feel like you have reached a stable level here?
Tom Folliard: Yes. Matt, it’s hard to say what we expect in the future. As I have always said our goal is to have sustainable partners that are there for our customers and can provide a wide range of financing. In the quarter though we did see one line in particular a pullback and it was Santander I mean you have seen them out in the public domain, talking about how they are pulling back in sub-prime auto, letting other business to other folks. So it’s not inconsistent with what they have been saying in the public domain. So as far as what they will do going forward, I could say we saw a couple of different things happened during the quarter. And I feel like it stabilized during the quarter. But looking forward, it’s their business, they are going to manage their portfolio as they see fit. And if they determine they need to dial back or get more aggressive, they are going to do that. I think Matt there is – out of the long time you know that sub-prime as a percentage of our total sales has at one point, it was pretty much zero. It’s been as high as 19 in a year and then I think last year, we ended at 16 or 16 for the year. So wherever it ends up is going to be a result of a whole bunch of different factors, lender behavior, applicant flow, but what we have always talked about with this phase is, we believe each customer is almost 100% incremental. Remember also that these points of sale are also significantly less profitable, that’s one of the reasons we wanted to point out that if you take out the decline of 2 points or 2.5 points, whatever it was in the quarter, then the rest of our business actually grew by 3.6%. And if you look at our mix of business as a base from which to grow, this is actually a better base from which to grow than if we go back when 19% of our sales were Tier 3. Again, we believe that 100% of it or almost 100% of it is incremental because of the way we were up we flow financing from lender to lender. But at the same time, it’s going to move around based on a whole bunch of different factors.
Matt Fassler: Totally understood and if I could just follow-up very briefly on this point, to the extent that Tier 2 extensions fell a bit and you talked about more consumers coming in with their own – other cash for their own versus credit, is there – are there other competitors, we are kind of hearing two different things in this sense, is to some degree, interest among low end is down and their willingness to extend credit, to the low income consumers down, on the other it does seem like perhaps on this competing away, I don’t know if it’s the middle part of the market or other consumers who might otherwise shop through Tier 2, so any kind of holistic comments on whether the competition is increasing in any part of the credit spectrum?
Tom Folliard: Well firstly, do remember that traffic of that FICO score applicant is down, so it kind of starts with traffic, I will let Tom comment on competition.
Tom Reedy: Yes. As far as Tier 2 goes Matt, I think we mentioned last quarter that we thought some of the Tier 3 degradation was due to their Tier 2s aggressiveness or at least there is the competitiveness. We have not seen any degradation in the quality of offers that the Tier – our Tier 2 partners are providing or the aggressiveness or even their conversion to sale rate, which in fact it’s better than it has been in the past couple of years. It’s just they are not seeing quite the same volume they were before. So the decline in Tier 2, I would say completely on the flow of traffic and we are very happy with how they have been performing in the quarter. We were looking on that but…
Matt Fassler: And the final follow-up, to the extent that Tier 3 traffic is down or are these consumers essentially anticipating a lot of credit availability given that this has been perhaps, brewing the market for a little while or is that customer finding a better deal elsewhere saying buy here, pay here channel or somewhere like that?
Tom Reedy: It’s really – that’s almost impossible for us to tell, Matt.
Matt Fassler: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI.
Michael Montani: Hi guys. Good morning. Just wanted to ask if I could, can you provide some additional color on the recovery rate experience versus gross charge-offs in the quarter, specifically as it relates to the provisioning?
Tom Folliard: I can give you a little color on the recovery rate. It was down about 5 points year-over-year, so it’s 55-ish last year, 50 this year.
Michael Montani: Okay, got it. Thank you. And then if I could also, can you provide the – an update on the CAF Tier 3 pilot that you all have been doing, what was the penetration there, how was the trending and a related question given that the Tier 3 penetration rate is down, do you feel the need to add additional lenders in that space or take on additional originations in that space?
Tom Folliard: Sure. As far as our Tier 3 activity, I would characterize it as steady as she goes. We are comfortable continuing at the same pace that we have been running at, which is roughly 5% of the Tier 3 volume, getting done at the stores. There is really no news there. I think the rationale for doing this program is still good, it still holds true. It’s not about driving additional sales, it’s more about knowledge, risk mitigation and some profitability. As far as looking at our other Tier 3 lenders, we will do that from time to time. We have – we test lenders when it makes sense. That space though is a little different than the Tier 2 space. I think there is fewer people that are equipped to do it on a national scale. And we are very concerned about making sure we are doing, we are working with partners who are experienced, credible and are going to have a sustainable business and be there. So we are not going to be interested and bringing a new player in that is too risky.
Michael Montani: And if I could just, lastly ask the penetration from your website, I was there recently and saw a low-40% range of SUV truck, kind of crossover and van versus sedans being obviously high-50s, when you look at new vehicle SAAR, it’s basically the inverse, with 60% kind of SUV and truck, can you guys give us kind of what that average number would have been for you all during the quarter because just from what I can gather, that could have been a several hundreds of headwind to demand as well, if you assume the same dynamics in the used market as you get on new?
Tom Folliard: Are you asking if our mix should be as same as new?
Michael Montani: I am just asking for the quarter, what’s the fair way to look at your SUV and truck mix, Tom, broadly speaking as you included crossovers and do you feel...?
Tom Folliard: We haven’t looked at it like that, I mean recently, so I couldn’t give that number to you off the top of my head, what I will tell you is we have always been a demand driven inventory model. So what you see on our – and we are big enough and have enough scale that has inventory turns. We are pretty good at going out and finding it. Occasionally, there are some pockets where we don’t think it’s a great deal for our customers so we might be in the light in a particular area. But what you see as an overall percent of sales for the company is largely driven by consumer demand and our inventory turns. On a pace of 600,000-ish cars a year, about half of which we have to buy offsite and half of which we buy through the appraisal line approximately. We are going to buy what customers are buying from us and replenish at that same pace. So I don’t expect us to match up exactly with new car sales.
Michael Montani: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Levin with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Levin: Good morning everybody. I wanted to kind of see what you guys were seeing in terms of the ramp-up of mature store base, less than 5 years old, that’s in the comps at this point, maybe it’s about 30% of your store base, how are those maturing and kind of ramping up at this point in terms of their support of same-store sales and leveraging SG&A at this point or are they still kind of lagging in a bit of the drag?
Tom Reedy: So I think if you – first, our leverage in SG&A in any given quarter, that’s going to largely driven by comps in that quarter, particularly for a company that’s in a growth mode like we have been over the last several years and plan to be over the next several. But in terms of the performance of the newer stores, if you take a step back and you look at since we restarted growth in 2011, so fiscal 2011, we have increased our store count by 50%. So we had about 100 stores. We have a little over 150 now and over that same timeframe our net earnings are up by 65% and our EPS is up by 84%. So I mean, I think if we really step back and look at it that way, they are clearly delivering outsized returns and returns that justify continuing to build stores. So we are very pleased with the performance of the stores. They are at or above our financial expectation as a group. And I am glad you asked the question over a longer period of time of 5 years, you go back to 2011 and look at it, again the numbers are store base up 50%, net earnings up 65% and EPS up 84%.
Mike Levin: Got it. And it was the first quarter, you guys held gross profit per used units flat on a year-over-year basis in about a year, just wondering what you are seeing there in terms of the gives and takes versus adding some more volume?
Tom Reedy: Yes. So I think what we are all – a couple of dollars, year-over-year, quarter – last quarter, we were about $39 off and we have said there is a range. We think this is an area where we excel from an inventory management standpoint and feel like that we can continue that range, staying in that range and keep it fairly tight. Now that being said, we will constantly be testing and the looking at trade-offs if you lower the gross profit, what’s the sales that you get back from that, all of the idea of looking also what your total gross profit is if you can get to. So again, we will continue to test but we feel like where we are right now is still the same, it’s sustainable.
Mike Levin: Got it. And then just lastly, it was interesting to see that direct expense at CAF move up sequentially in Q1, we have seen it usually seasonally take the tick down from 4Q to Q1, is there anything in particular to read through there and is this kind of the level we should expect going forward?
Tom Folliard: There is some stock based impact there as well just like there is in the – but there is nothing extraordinary going on.
Mike Levin: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Irina Hodakovsky with KeyBanc.
Irina Hodakovsky: Good morning everyone. We are waiting for Katharine to join us for the parade tomorrow, we think you should let her come visit us…
Katharine Kenny: Thank you.
Tom Folliard: She is the one...
Irina Hodakovsky: Absolutely and I know we have brought up cabs [ph] with her in the past, so definitely we would love to hear here for the parade, she should join in. We wanted to ask a couple of questions on the Tier 3 a little bit more into that, if you were to put a weight impact on lower Tier 3 traffic versus lower application approval rates, as you mentioned, some of your partners pulling back, how would you weigh that?
Tom Folliard: Sure. And let me be a little more clear, it’s not approval rate, we – if you look at the percent of customers that are up in approval of some kind in the stores that’s well above 90%, what we are seeing is the decline – a degradation in I guess both quality of the offers, meaning they might be asking for a little bit more money down or they are asking for stipulations and particularly we have seen a step-up in that with one of the lenders there is an increase in asking for proof of income, asking for proof of residence, asking for proof of phone number, things like that. So it’s not really a change in the number of approvals, but the quality of approvals and therefore, the ability the customer to accept or the willingness for the customer to accept it. And as far as the ratio, I think I would say that I can’t – we don’t want to be super excited about it because it’s not easy to calculate. But I think the preponderance of the change is due to the change in behavior, call it, two-third and a third to the traffic. And I think there – I mentioned traffic earlier as it relates to this space. I am not giving too many specifics, what I said was, we convert these customers at a significantly lower rate than we do non-Tier 3 customers. So if you just think about it that way, it takes more flow of customers to sell one car than it does to sell one car of a non-Tier 3 customer. So if we are down by 2.5 points in Tier 3 percent of sales, it represents a disproportionately higher percentage of traffic than the sale that it generates.
Irina Hodakovsky: That makes sense. Did you see any geographical concentration in lower traffic and sub-prime?
Tom Folliard: Yes, we don’t comment on geography.
Irina Hodakovsky: Got it. Thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning. My question is on the wholesale business. We have seen some softening trends there for the last couple of quarters in terms of wholesale to retail unit ratio as well as profit per unit. Can you give us a sense of what’s driving some of that softness and how you expect that business to perform through the balance of the year?
Tom Folliard: Yes. Seth, I think if you look out long-term for us, wholesale and retail pretty much grow at about the same pace. And this time, in this quarter, retail grew about 4, wholesale grew about 2. We don’t feel like there is anything really extraordinary to note even the profit, the gross profit margin is off a little bit, but again just like the retail side, that’s within a range and there is really nothing extraordinary to note from that.
Seth Basham: Okay. What is your buy ratio? How has that been trending? And do you see more competition to acquire vehicles?
Tom Folliard: Yes. The buy rate is still around 30%, which has been a historical high. That’s similar to what it was last quarter, it’s to get that again this quarter. So, I would say that we haven’t seen any indication where customers are choosing to take their vehicles other places and have them purchased by other dealers.
Seth Basham: Okay, thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens.
Rick Nelson: Thanks. Good morning. Is there a way to size up the exposure on the wholesale side of the business to sub-prime?
Bill Nash: I am not sure your question, Rick. Are you saying the...
Rick Nelson: Tom, it would seem here the customers that participate in the wholesale auctions, higher mileage, older vehicles would be perhaps even more dependent on sub-prime finance for them to stimulate sales?
Tom Folliard: Oh yes, that’s very difficult for us to ascertain with our customer base. I can tell you that we have, we have continued to see very, very strong attendance at our auctions and very, very strong sell-through rates. We have talked about this before and these numbers really haven’t moved very much. We are 98%, 99%ish sell-through rate through the auctions, turning our inventory more than 35 times a year. Our ratio, so our dealer ratio has been very, very strong. I think it’s 1.3 to 1, some of the strongest ratios we have seen. So, we haven’t seen any softening in the demand through our auctions, but you could then relate back to some of the things that we are hearing about in Tier 3.
Rick Nelson: Got it. Okay, thanks a lot. Good luck.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paresh Jain with Morgan Stanley.
Paresh Jain: Good morning, everyone. Couple of questions. The first one on CAF and going back to something you said earlier, you mentioned you were a bit more aggressive in the last 2 years with your CAF offers and that’s leading to some increase in loan loss provisions. And yet when we look at the securitization, the average FICO score there has been impressively been around 700, so just trying to reconcile that if you can provide some color there?
Tom Reedy: I think I may not have done a great job explaining it earlier. But in 2013, we began getting more aggressive with the high FICO customers. Our current lowest invest rate is still below 2% today. So, what we saw as an increase in the volume of people at the very highest end of the credit spectrum, which was – have the effect of potentially bringing down our loss expectations. And so over the last 2 years, we have been trying to manage back towards a range that we have been comfortable with for a long time in the securitization market. So, you could almost think of that as a bit of a barbell effect. You wouldn’t see a dramatic step down in the overall FICO, because we are adding it at the top end and the lower end.
Paresh Jain: Understood. Thanks for the color. And then a question on traffic, a superstore, obviously, helps with the conversion rate, but traffic has been an issue for a few quarters now. And at the same time, readers’ report suggests industry retail sales are growing at a healthy clip. So, is that because of these aggregate of websites taking traffic elsewhere? And if so, would you consider having a bigger presence on aggregated websites?
Tom Folliard: I am sorry, we would actually consider any website and we have tried several. We have been on all of the big ones. We are on – we continue to test, I think all of our cars are currently on Car Gurus. So, we have tested all the aggregators and we will use anything that helps us drive incremental sales and delivers a good return. One additional comment on traffic, Bill mentioned some of this earlier is it’s been widely reported that customers are visiting less stores before they buy. So, it only makes sense that customers who show up would be more likely to buy. And as I have said, we think comps will be driven by traffic and conversion. It’s not going to always line up and it doesn’t matter to us which way to get it. So, lot of the efforts we are making around developing a new website given the customer more digital capability are – those efforts are to make sure that customers get more information, do more research, are more prepared. It’s clear that that’s what they want to do and we want to be in a position to do that for them. So, when they show up, they are more likely to buy.
Paresh Jain: Got it. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King Associates.
Bill Armstrong: Good morning, everyone. The charge-off, the increase in charge-off, was there any particular concentration in the profile of customers that you saw with these charge-offs or was this more driven by the lower recovery rate since this is the net number?
Tom Folliard: Yes, I think this quarter we feel like it was driven by the recovery – it’s a combination of both, but the recovery rates probably had a little more weight this quarter. And as far as any specifics around customers, we really don’t have anything.
Bill Armstrong: Okay. And then with the recovery rate going down, is that simply a function of the Manheim or overall wholesale prices softening up a little bit during the quarter or were there some mix issues as well? Are you getting more sedans versus SUVs in the charge-off mix?
Tom Folliard: No, I think it’s just – it’s a by-product of overall pricing in the wholesale market. As you probably know, when we repo cars, we typically sell them off at our auctions and we realize whatever the auction market is delivering at that point in time. And as I said, year-over-year, we are down about 5 points in that wholesale recovery rate. And we never really see much mix impact on the recovery rate that’s always because it’s a pretty big sample. It’s generally going to be a macro trend that’s going to impact the recovery rate.
Bill Armstrong: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston: Good morning. Just wanted to go back I think to an answer on an earlier question, I was trying to ascertain why applications in traffic are falling at the lower end of the credit spectrum. And it sounds like you are really just not sure, is that fair?
Tom Folliard: That’s fair.
Tom Reedy: Yes.
David Whiston: Okay. And then on auction prices, would you say are there any particular areas that are rather still too high in your opinion? Are you anticipating a huge falloff as more vehicles come off lease?
Tom Folliard: You are asking about supply now and not recovery rate?
David Whiston: Correct.
Tom Folliard: We have talked about lease volume in the past. And this past year, leases were 32% of used cars – of new car sales, roughly. That means you will see that flow come back in the next 3 years, 2 or 3 years. We have seen some increase this year, but I think we will see big increases in lease turn-ins in the next couple of years, not so much this year so far.
David Whiston: Okay, thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler: Thanks a lot. Just got back in line. So, my first question relates to stock comp, the number was up big year-on-year. Last year, Q1 had been a pretty big number too. If you look back over time, there hasn’t necessarily been that much seasonality at the stock comp and at the moment in time, the stock has been under some pressure, I was a bit surprised to see the number increase so much over anything you have had in the past, so can you talk about what that related to, please?
Tom Folliard: Yes. I mean, what you got to look at, Matt, is the year-over-year change in the stock price. So, I am not sure exactly what happened in the year ago quarter, but the lion’s share of the difference is going to be arising from the difference in the change this year versus the change last year’s first quarter….
Tom Reedy: And the change in the number of people.
Tom Folliard: And the change in the number of folks that are getting.
Matt Fassler: Is it the year-on-year change in the stock price, because year-on-year kind of today to exactly a year, got stuff down more than 20%. So, is it the magnitude of comp that’s being dumped through stock? Is it – does it have to do with exercise prices on options? What was that – what would the number be, what would the driver be to take the dollars up so much?
Tom Folliard: It’s largely related to our restricted stock program that the majority of our associates get, because those are going to fluctuate with the market value of the stock. And what you have to look at is not the year-over-year stock price, but the year-over-year change in stock price during the particular quarter.
Matt Fassler: Got it. Okay. So, to the extent that you might have started lower and moved higher that would have moved higher. Okay, we can follow-up. It’s a very big number and frankly, I think most of the shortfall versus consensus probably could be traced to that line item. Another question, since I have you, SUVs as a percent of the mix recovered nicely and do you feel like your ability to buy those cars at prices that you like is essentially back or the markets normalizing? Is your ability to navigate those dynamics improved as we have moved into 2016 here?
Tom Folliard: Yes. I think to what Tom spoke about earlier, we are going to get the mix in there based off of consumer demand. Are we are able to get that inventory? Yes, we feel like we are able to get it. I still think it’s probably a little bit high. But again, we are not having issues or troubles sourcing it.
Matt Fassler: And then finally a question on one financial detail, so you have this new disclosure on the other revenue and gross profit item essentially, the new vehicles plus the service piece is baked in there. So, the year-on-year increase in other gross profit is a bit bigger than what we can track explicitly to the higher warranty revenue and the lower third-party fees. I think you take those out and there is still a few million dollars. Is that all related to presumably lower losses or better grosses on new plus higher service gross profit or is there anything else from the number that would move it higher?
Tom Reedy: Matt, I think you hit it on the head. The [indiscernible] are up a little bit better than sales, because we have got some more margin in there and obviously the finance penetration is causing us to be favorable on that. And there is some service favorability in there that makes – that’s pretty much makes up the difference.
Matt Fassler: But nothing out of the ordinary, nothing extraordinary one-time, et cetera?
Tom Reedy: Yes, deeper than we expected and we did a little better than we expected.
Matt Fassler: Got it. Okay, thank you so much.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from the line of Irina Hodakovsky with KeyBanc. Irene, your line is open. Please proceed with your question.
Irina Hodakovsky: Sorry about that. My question is also around SG&A. That line number was much higher than anyone anticipated. And if you could just maybe tell us how much of that you expect to stay and continue of course the higher store count and how much of that is something specific to the quarter than we can expect to improve going forward?
Tom Folliard: I think there was an increase of about $30 million and a large portion of that is attributable to new stores and store growth as a growth company. And then I highlighted in the opening comments, we had about $7 million or $36 per unit on share based comp and then we also had a one-time, where we had some hail damage in some of our Texas stores that was about $18 per unit increase as well.
Irina Hodakovsky: Alright. Thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: Thanks.
Operator: You also have a follow-up question from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI.
Michael Montani: Hey, guys. Thanks. Just wanted to talk a bit if I could about the work you have been doing on the website, I think there was a re-launch in April and what have you seen from that that might be encouraging or incremental to justify kind of the investments in the work that you all have been doing?
Tom Folliard: Yes. So, I think it’s a little early on, but what I will tell you is one of the big drivers that we are looking for is what we call lead. So, it’s point to our customer either e-mails us, it sets an appointment, calls us and our goal with the new website is to make sure that we generate more leads, because leads are highly correlated to sales. So, ultimately, you want to drive traffic. Traffic will then drive the leads. We are at the point now where we are trying to figure out how those leads convert in comparison to the old website. We feel good about the leads it’s generating, but again we are trying to understand the conversion of those leads.
Michael Montani: And then also can you update us on the thinking around the home delivery testing and then when might we be in a position to get a full transaction done online if that is you can hope?
Tom Folliard: Yes. So, the home delivery, we have referenced that in the last call. We did do a test. We have since pulled back on the test. We are looking at how to better operationalize that and we will be coming out with another test later this fall on the home delivery. As far as the full transaction online, that’s something that we will continue to explore. Like I said earlier today, we started looking online financing as a component of that. And again, part of that will also be driven by the consumer demand and need for doing the whole transaction online as well as making sure that we stay within the state restrictions of what can be done online and what can’t be done online.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hi, guys. It seems like the thing to do today. I did have a question regarding buyback expectations. I thought the general plan was to do a pretty steady run-rate quarter-after-quarter, but obviously the buyback was a little bit softer than I think the pattern we have seen recently. What’s the general idea moving forward? Is it going to be more of an opportunistic pattern or it should be a relatively steady run-rate from what we just saw in 1Q?
Tom Folliard: Yes, Scot. I think, it’s – our goal as we have talked about before is to be kind of a steady player in there, but we are going to have some latitude around how aggressive we are based on where the stock price is in our view evaluation. As we talked about, we are targeting a certain capital structure that debt to capital, excluding the non-recourse stuff and account receivables of 35% to 45%. A quarter or so ago, we got up to the bottom end of that range. So, it would be natural to see a little bit of a tapering off as we have moved from a mode of moving to a newer capital structure, a more leveraged capital structure to one of maintaining that capital structure. That said, with the amount of cash that we have generated and becoming all things staying equal, the amount of cash we generate, the amount of growth we are doing, we would expect to continue to need to repurchase shares and add debt into the capital structure to maintain that. So, I would say, our expectation is to be in the market on a pretty consistent basis going forward, but we do have some parameters around our program that allow us to be more or less aggressive depending on market conditions.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. So, the change in pace is more a function of kind of getting to that lower end of the cap structure rather than your assessment of the value of the stocks, I thought the other thing you just said, Tom, was regarding being opportunistic?
Tom Folliard: Yes, going from moving toward the capital structure to maintaining it. So, that would have a natural change of pace. But as I said, we are – I think we ended the quarter a little bit below this quarter. So, we have got that latitude of some 10 points that we will be working with them.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay, thanks guys.
Tom Folliard: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Your next follow-up comes from the line of Mike Levin with Deutsche Bank.
Mike Levin: Hey, guys. Thanks again. Just wanted to kind of get your feelings around the recovery rates that have been down on auto IBS across the market and for you guys this quarter. Is that playing a role in some of the tightening standards that you are seeing? How do you think that’s kind of going to progress going forward in terms of credit availability and cost of borrowing for your securitizations?
Tom Folliard: I guess, I would point to – we have been doing securitization, independent securitizations for over 13 years now and we have been able to manage through a lot of different market conditions, including recovery rates that are lower than what they are today. That said the structure and the enhancement in the deal might need to be modified if loss, if the perceived losses in the rating agency size change. What that usually means though is the change in the over-collateralization that gets built into the deals and builds over time, meaning we give money back a little bit slower. But in general, we have been – we will be able to maintain a pretty solid program through a lot of different environments. As far as our partner lenders, have you asked them about how they view that in their tightening, but again, they – I think, probably more of the impact is what they are experiencing in their portfolio than the overall wholesale market.
Mike Levin: Got it. And if I remember correctly, a couple of years ago, when Santander did some pulling back, you guys added some lenders to the platform. Are you considering that now as well?
Tom Folliard: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, we would – we will test partners to the extent it makes sense for us. But as I also said, in this space, I think we need to be much more careful about who we are doing business with and make sure that we have established partners that can be reliable source of financing for our customers over a longer period of time. I know it’s been talked to a lot of players out there that are behaving aggressively. Santander has talked about that as well and that they are willing to let some of them get the business. But we are very focused on – in the right place for our customers and as I said, we will test as it is appropriate, but not many people have the national scale that we would need.
Mike Levin: Understood.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Chris Bottiglieri: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping to follow-up on your CapEx guidance plan, I think last quarter, you took it up a little bit for the year, can you kind of explain that again, kind of how you said playing out the course of the year and what exactly that relates to?
Tom Folliard: Yes. I think and you saw a step-up a bit versus recent years, a lot of that is due to timing of what we expect land acquisitions to do over the next year. I really wouldn’t read into it too much as far as the existing stores or anything. We are working on a pipeline of many, many different locations, the next 3 years to 4 years of growth and our ability to acquire land is different in every situation. And I think as we look forward this year, we just saw a little bit heavier land acquisition than we have done in the past. And there is a lot of timing in there too as well, so if you look at the tail end of this year, there will be significant investment in the openings that are coming the following year. So that’s just our best guess that timing over the next 12 months.
Chris Bottiglieri: Got it. Does that give you flexibility to uptake your store opening plan or is that just nothing read into there?
Tom Folliard: No, nothing to read into there, we have announced what our projections are and we are sticking to them.
Chris Bottiglieri: Okay. And then one follow-up, just want to get your overall thoughts in the whole awfully supply that’s surging, I mean you are already sourcing about 77% of your units 0.4, which was really impressive, is there any reason to think that the added off-lease supply would actually accelerate that mix or is it really just instead of sourcing trade-ins, you are outsourcing off-lease supply like how do you think about that?
Tom Folliard: Yes. I kind of think they are unrelated we are going to drive – try to drive as much as we can through our own appraisal lane. I think when the off-lease supply starts to come back, like Tom said earlier, we haven’t seen a big off-lease supply coming back into the auction houses, but certainly when it does come back in, we will be in a position to buy them because we turn our inventory so quickly. If there are good deals we will be able to realize those good deals for our customers. So we kind of think about them separately, appraisal lane versus off-site.
Tom Reedy: But historically, when there has been a big lease volume and it comes back at the sale, we are usually in a pretty good position to take advantage of it. And just on a side note, it does organize the cars a lot better at the auction.
Chris Bottiglieri: And how does the organization help, can you maybe just walk through that, you can play in better or?
Tom Reedy: Sure. In any given year, there is going to be – people are getting out of their car let’s say, every 3 years, 4 years, 5 years. Well, when it’s leasing, it’s pretty programmed that they are going to get out at a certain time. And a lot of those cars go back through whoever the lessor was. And then those lessors, then run big long lanes at the auction as opposed to those same cars, which might end up at the auction otherwise are spread out. And GMAC could be running 1,000 cars in a row.
Chris Bottiglieri: Interesting. Okay cool. Thank you very much for the commentary. I appreciate that.
Tom Reedy: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the Q&A session. I would now like to turn the conference back to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Tom Folliard: Thank you very much. I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. And of course, I want to thank all of our associates for all they do everyday to make CarMax such a great success. And we will talk to you again next quarter. Thank you.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-04-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Folliard - Chief Executive Officer Bill Nash - President Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Craig Kennison - Baird Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs James Albertine - Stifel Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Brett Hoselton - KeyBanc Mike Levin - Deutsche Bank Liz Suzuki - Bank of America Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates Seth Basham - Wedbush Paresh Jain - Morgan Stanley Nick Zangler - Stephens David Whiston - Morningstar Irina Hodakovsky - KeyBanc Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brunt and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Katharine Kenny, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Katharine Kenny: Hi, thank you and good morning. Thanks for joining our fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our Chief Executive Officer; Bill Nash, our President; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2015 with the SEC and we will be filing our most recent 10-K shortly. As always, I hope you will all remember to ask only one question and a follow-up before getting back in the queue to give everyone a chance to ask a question. Thank you. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We had very solid year in fiscal 2016, where total revenues grew to more than $15 billion and we sold over 1 million vehicles total both in retail and wholesale for the first time ever, about 620,000 used cars and about 395,000 wholesale cars, while still – while also delivering double-digit EPS growth for the year. Some key drivers for the year. Used unit comps increased by 2.4%. Total used units grew a little over 6.5%. Wholesale units grew by 4.9%. CAF income, up 6.7% to more than $392 million. Net income for fiscal ‘16 up 4.4% to $623 million and EPS up 11% to $3.03. Proceeds from our legal settlement benefited our fiscal 2015 net income by $12.9 million or $0.06 a share. Our data for the year indicates that for calendar year 2015, we increased our share of the 0 to 10-year-old used vehicles by approximately 1%. And we continue to focus on returning value to our shareholders through our stock repurchase program. During the year, we bought back 16.3 million shares at a cost of $971 million. For the fourth quarter, used unit comps increased by 0.7%, driven by an improvement in conversion and total used units grew by 4%. Our total web traffic increased by 11%. Total wholesale units, up 2.3%. CAF quarterly income grew by 2.2% to $92 million. Net income for the fourth quarter declined by 1.5% to $141 million and EPS rose 6% to $0.71 a share. Remember that the impairment-related charge in this quarter reduced our net income by $5.2 million or $0.03 a share. While in the previous year’s fourth quarter, net income was increased by the adjustment to capitalize interest expense of $4.2 million or $0.02 a share. I will now turn it over to Tom Reedy to give you some details around CAF. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. As Tom mentioned, CAF income grew by 2% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and average managed receivables grew by 14% to $9.5 billion. For loans originated during the quarter, the weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 7.5%, up from 7.2% in last year’s fourth quarter. Total interest margin declined to 5.9% of average managed receivables compared to 6.3% in the fourth quarter last year and 6% last quarter. For the quarter charge-offs and loss provision were in line with our expectations. The year-over-year increase in loss provision reflects both the favorability we commented on in last year’s fourth quarter and the growth in receivables. Our ending allowance for loan losses at $95 million was 0.99% of managed receivables compared to 0.97% in last year’s fourth quarter. CAF net penetration was 41.7% compared to 40.9% in last year’s fourth quarter. This increase reflects the mix of applications in the stores, where we continue to see growth at the higher end of the credit spectrum and less volume at the lower end. Net loan dollars originated in the quarter rose 7% year-over-year to $1.3 billion, that’s due to combination of growth in CarMax sales and our higher penetration at CAF. Percent of CAF penetration attributable to our sub-prime test was similar to last year 0.7% versus 0.6% of the sales in the prior year. As mentioned in the press release, we are comfortable and plan to continue to originate these loans at the same pace, a targeted volume of 5%, as CarMax’s overall Tier 3 sales. Tier 3 financing, as a percent of sales, was 15.1% compared to 17% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 largely due to the reduced volume of lower credit applications I mentioned earlier. In Q4, we continue to experience a year-over-year decline in the number of credit applications across the lower end of the credit spectrum and moderate growth at the high end. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 3 million shares for about $156 million. For the fiscal year, as Tom said, we repurchased 16.3 million shares. And since inception of the program, we repurchased 46.4 million shares. At the end of FY ‘16, we had 1.4 billion remaining under the current authorization. Now, I will turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Nash: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. As a percentage of our sales mix this quarter, 0 to 4-year-old vehicles increased to approximately 77% compared to 75% in the fourth quarter of last year. Midsize, large SUVs and trucks, as a percentage of sales, were flat approximately 24% in both this year and last year’s fourth quarter, which is up slightly from 23% in the third quarter. SG&A for the fourth quarter increased about 1% to $334 million. This growth reflects the 10% or 15-store increase in our store base since the beginning of the fourth quarter of last year largely offset by a decrease of $14 million or $97 per unit in share-based compensation expense. During the fourth quarter, we opened 5 stores, 3 were in new markets, 2 in Boston and 1 in Peoria, Illinois. We also opened our sixth store in Atlanta and a third store in St. Louis. In the first quarter, we expect to open 2 new stores in new markets, Springfield, Illinois and our first store in San Francisco. Before I turn it back over to Tom, I want to take a minute to talk about how it’s an exciting time for CarMax. Looking back over the past 23 years, we couldn’t be more proud of the progress that we made. Our store base has grown to 158 stores, and as Tom mentioned earlier, we sold over 1 million vehicles this fiscal year for the first time ever. Our customers continue to give us high marks for excellent customer service and we have a world class culture. We continue to execute our growth plan and currently plan to open 15 stores in fiscal 2017, while also focusing on returning value to our shareholders through our share repurchase plan, but we are never satisfied. And for those of you that have followed us for a long time, you know that this is the case. For our customers, we have to be able to meet them where and how we want to do business. Nearly 90% of our customers have visited one of our digital properties prior to the purchase. And by the end of fiscal 2016, over half of our total visits came from our mobile site or mobile applications. We need to ensure that these customers receive the same superior customer experience online that they have always received in our store. We are currently in the process of rolling out a new adaptive and more personalized website redesign and we expect it will be fully rolled out by the end of this month. We will also continue to test different components of the selling process online to better understand our customers’ needs. We are also never satisfied with our execution. We will continue to focus on becoming more efficient and reducing waste throughout the company. We will continue to equip our associates with the tools that they need to make their job easier. Let me give you two quick examples of enhancements that we are developing. One is a mobile appraisal platform. Remember, we appraise more than 2 million vehicles a year. And this will help our buyers reduce our appraisal time and increase accuracy. Another example is an improved transportation system that will help us realize efficiencies when moving the millions of vehicles that we ship annually. It is this kind of continuous improvement that has driven our success in the past and that will support our innovations in the future. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thanks very much, Bill and Tom. And with that, we will open it up for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: Hi. Good morning.
Tom Folliard: Hi Brian.
Brian Nagel: First off, Tom, congratulations on your retirement, it’s becoming and Bill, congratulations on the new appointment.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Brian.
Brian Nagel: The question I have, I wanted to just talk about gross profit for a minute. Clearly, that’s been a big focus of investors in light of what some of your competitors have been talking about declining gross profits, now we look at the numbers you reported, the results you reported today, so gross profit was down slightly, I don’t know Tom, you probably say it’s the noise with the $39 year-on-year, which...?
Tom Folliard: I am.
Brian Nagel: I answered that question first.
Tom Folliard: What’s your next question?
Brian Nagel: The bigger question is, if you look at the drivers of that, kind of the puts and takes behind gross profit, have those changed at all and are you seeing any type of pressures out there that maybe, within your gross profit in the used vehicle space, that maybe more, maybe reflective of some of the pressures that others are seeing and you are handling those better?
Tom Folliard: I mean, I think it’s an overall inventory management process for us. And I think starts with the by having the right car in the right place at the right time. And that allows us to be able to deliver an exceptional value to the customer. And some of what I talked about last quarter, we talked some big SUVs are a little expensive, so we didn’t buy them. We didn’t buy as many. And that allows us to manage our margin, I think very efficiently. We transfer cars that customers requests. It’s about a third of our sales. So that allows us to turn our inventory quickly. I think our turns help us manage our margins pretty well. And it also allows us to continue to test the margin variability. We are big enough now that we can test pockets and markets and different types of product all across the country and learn a lot about price elasticity. And then that’s reflected in the ultimate margins that we achieve and the sales that we get. So I am very pleased with the quarter and with the results and a positive comp based on one of our tougher comparisons last year. And yes, I think we can get better at this as time goes along. I think we are better at managing our inventory and our margins than we were a few years ago. And with continued use of external and internal data and training and development of the process, I think we will just continue to get better at it. So I am pretty pleased with the progress that we have made and the results we have been able to deliver.
Brian Nagel: Thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: Thanks Brian.
Katharine Kenny: Thanks Brian.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning.
Tom Folliard: Hi Sharon.
Sharon Zackfia: I guess a question that we get asked a lot, so I will throw it at you. There seems to be some thought process that perhaps the new car dealers have figured out a way to be more aggressive on their gross profit per car target and make it up in some other part of their business and therefore become more of a competitive threat to you kind of by undercutting prices, I am just, the pervasive thought on Wall Street at this point and I am just wondering if you have any commentary, any context you could give us on that?
Tom Folliard: Well, I think the biggest thing to look at is just our results and our volumes. During the quarter, our average stores sold around 340 cars a month per store. That’s across the entire chain, including new stores. If you look at used car sales, our used car sales compared to the – I am only going to use the public new car deals as an example here, there are many more franchise deals, as you know. But we sold more used cars during the year than the next four competitors combined. So I feel like our consumer offer is clearly resonating with consumers and we are able to grow our business year-after-year. We once again comped our stores by 2.5% for the full year, a very good number for a company of our size. And I think given the choice consumers still, after they shop around, pick us more often than not. So I think the results speak for themselves. If you look at franchise dealers total for the year, used car sales were up by 2% across all the franchise dealers. And I think you have to look at it on a broader scale and not just focus on the publicly traded auto retailers because they are very small sliver of used car sales in the U.S.
Sharon Zackfia: That’s perfect. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Sharon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Ciccarelli: Good morning guys. Looking for an opinion, so why do think you guys are seeing a dip in credit apps at the low end of the spectrum?
Tom Folliard: Scott, I am not sure that we really know, but I am not sure that that’s not good for us. If you look at our mix of sales in Tier 3 in this quarter, we were down 2 points, so we are 17% of our sales last year’s fourth quarter, 15% this year’s fourth quarter. As you know, that’s been less profitable slice of business for us. It’s one that we are very comfortable being in, one that I have said in the past, I think we provide the best possible deal for customers in that credit segment and we are very happy to be able to deliver a great consumer experience and a high quality car to those customers. But if you look at a base from which to grow your business, if you had a little higher credit profile, it’s not the worst thing. You have been around long enough to know that, that percent of sales for us was at one point is non-existent and it’s gone from two to I think as high in 1 year as 19 might have been our highest full year. So we are down a couple of points for the year. You could argue that, that loss of credit apps, volume of apps hurts comps by a little bit, which it does, but it doesn’t hurt profits by as much at it hurts the comp. So we continue to build our brand. We continue to advertise to get any consumer that want to come to CarMax, but it’s not that bad if it shifts a couple of points in the other direction. But in terms of explaining the volume of applications, it’s very difficult to do.
Scott Ciccarelli: Got it. And just for context, is the Tier 2 guys still kind of dipping down, because that was something that you had suggested previously, where the Tier 2 guys were scooping up some of the stuff that would historically have fallen into the Tier 3 bucket?
Tom Reedy: Yes. Scott, I think that’s – I would say that we continue to see some pretty aggressive behavior from our Tier 2 lenders. And that combined with the lower number of low credit applications both of those impact Tier 3’s ability to get customers, right. I mean, the byproducts of that is what they are seeing might be a little bit less than what they are seeing before. Tier 2, by the way is down slightly this quarter year-over-year as well. But – and as you saw cap was up and other meaning people will bring financing to the table, was up a couple of points also. So that just goes, falls right in line with the fact that we are seeing higher credit quality through the door that, that others up even more than CAF.
Tom Folliard: And I think Scott, some of the shifting you are referring to is a reflection of our partners who are fantastic partners getting more and more experience with the CarMax origination channel and being more comfortable with how they originate. So that’s nothing but good for us.
Scott Ciccarelli: Got it. Alright. Thanks a lot guys.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question as well. It’s on the wholesale business, wholesale volume growth decelerated to about 2% or 3%, are you seeing any impact at all from some of these emerging peer-to-peer remarketing channels or is there another dynamic at play?
Tom Folliard: I don’t know, I have said and it has been true over time that I think wholesale will grow approximately with sales over time. But it would never be exactly attached. If you look at over a multi-year window that has been true, it’s very difficult to evaluate where – we had a buy rate of around 30% for the quarter. So that’s about – that’s as high as it gets for us. And we are very pleased with that. Some of the peer-to-peer stuff you are referring to are still very, very small, particularly compared to our size and then vary only in a few markets. So we haven’t seen any impacts of any statistical significance that we could attribute directly.
Craig Kennison: And as a follow-up to Bill, you mentioned the mobile appraisal platform you are piloting or starting soon, do you think that will drive volume at wholesale as well?
Bill Nash: The intention of the website isn’t necessarily drop wholesale volume other than highlight the appraisal process. So if we highlight the appraisal process, inherently that will end up driving some wholesale traffic.
Craig Kennison: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot and good morning. I want to ask you about the performance of your new stores, I know that our ability to measure them is not perfect, but it seems like the volume productivity per unit for the vintage that’s opened over the past year is down. Is there something about timing that would make a difference? Is there something about the markets that you are entering that would make a difference, because it just seems like anyway you slice that the used vehicle units per average new opening are a bit lower than they have been in years past?
Tom Folliard: Remember, we have small format stores mixed in there too, which are a fraction of what some of our biggest stores are. And also as a percent of our opening, I mean, as a percent of our stores that we are opening each year, the last few years that number is actually going down, because we have been consistent at that ‘14, ‘15 number. So this year, the amount of stores we opened as a percentage of the base has gone down. So, you would expect the percentage of units delivered from the new stores to go down unless we increase the number of stores that we build and we change the profile of the size. What I would tell you is that we are continuing to open stores, because they are delivering a great return. And remember that we have very long models for sales, 30 plus years. And we have some stores – we have a whole batch of stores now that are less than 5 years old and are still on their growth curve. So, we are pleased with the performance of the new stores, that’s why we keep opening them and we think they are delivering a great return. But mathematically, it’s not going to deliver as much to the total, because it’s less of the base. And then remember some of our big old stores are very big.
Matthew Fassler: I guess, I follow up by saying that even if you adjust for store size which we do and you adjust for the role that newer stores have in the mix as a percent of the base, you do all the math, it looks like this less vintage from a unit perspective was a little off. So, if you think about some of the new markets like Boston and you just tell us what you see, it is the unit count kind of in like sized stores different from it had been? And if you think the trajectory in some of those markets is going to be different, why would that be the case?
Tom Folliard: Well, I haven’t looked at. We really – we look at it on a – when we build the store, do we think its on pace to deliver a great return and we are comfortable with the stores we have been building. Boston has been open for 4 or 5 months. We would never make any determination on any market after 4 or 5 months having done this for 23 years. I can just say we are pleased with the openings and that’s why we keep building them.
Matthew Fassler: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel. Please go ahead.
James Albertine: Great. Thanks for taking the question as well. I wanted to understand I don’t think I heard a comment about it, apologies if I missed it, comment around traffic for the quarter. And what I am trying to get at here is as your online traffic grows, how do you think that impacts consumer’s decision to visit stores or multiple stores? And do you think and in fact, there could be some cannibalization going on as it relates to them? Thanks.
Tom Folliard: Well, there is – I didn’t mention traffic specifically. I did mention that our comps for the quarter were driven by conversion. So, our traffic through the door was down slightly and our traffic – and our conversion was up slightly delivering a 0.7 comp for the quarter. In terms of the goal of the website and the goal of driving traffic, it’s twofold. One is to drive just raw traffic and the other one is to improve the likelihood of the traffic that shows up to buy a car. So, if a customer – as Bill mentioned, if a customer wants to do more of the process from home, they have those tools available on our website that can be more prepared when they show up. And to be honest with you, it doesn’t matter to us whether we get a few less customers who are a lot more likely to buy or more customers that are just as equally likely to buy. So, it’s very difficult to measure that, but it’s kind of a multifaceted goal with the website. People are doing a lot of research online. There is a lot of data out there that’s telling you that people are visiting less stores than they used to before they buy a car. So, it’s really, really important that our website provides a great education for the customer and when they show up, they are more likely to buy. So, that’s kind of the goal of the website is to educate and then to deliver customers to the store and hopefully, they are more likely to buy.
James Albertine: I appreciate that color. If I may, just a follow-up on that topic. Do you envision a point at which the entire transaction will be possible online? And as it relates to that, is there anything that you are seeing either among competitors or among your own consumers and what they are telling you they desire that would accelerate spending around online versus your anticipated spending maybe a quarter or a few quarters ago? Thanks.
Tom Folliard: Well, Bill mentioned enhancements to the website and continuing to improve our mobile experience for our customers. So, if you look at where we are spending our dollars, there is no doubt, it’s shifting towards mobile, it’s shifting towards the website, because that’s where our customers are, that’s where we need to make sure that we meet them however they want to be met. And we want to make sure that they have the capabilities to do parts of the transaction or all of the transaction online. I will tell you that the average customer at CarMax has a trade in. The average customer at CarMax needs a loan, has to go through a finance process, sometimes has negative equity, and it’s not as easy to do a $20,000 transaction that is multifaceted, which oftentimes includes appraising the car that they are driving and do the entire transaction online. I am not saying that we won’t do that and we won’t have those capabilities, but that’s a sliver of the customers that we actually deal with. And what we are really, really good at in our stores is helping people find the right car that they need and the budget that they can afford, matching them up with the right credit offer, making sure we give them a fair offer for their trade in, which almost always requires looking at the car and making a fair offer after you have assessed its condition. So, we are going to continue to drive towards giving the consumer more and more capability to do whatever they want to do online and it may someday include consummating the whole transaction, but there is a large segment of customers who really can’t do the whole transaction online due to those other pieces that I mentioned.
James Albertine: That’s great color as always. Thanks so much and I will get back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Montani: Hey, guys. Good morning. I just want to ask about the comp side of things and what it is maybe that you are seeing out there that can help the comps to continue to sequentially accelerate. When you think about the 0.7 is definitely better than what we are looking for is encouraging. But do we need more used car price declines from Manheim or how should we think about the leverage that is in place to get to 4% plus?
Tom Folliard: Again, that’s a – there are multiple things that go into stores comping and the comp base. Remember, we continue to build stores that back into existing markets, which hurts comps. We continue to – as Bill mentioned, we continue invest in our website to drive more customers to our store. We continue to advertise to build our brand. I feel like everything that we do as a company, working on efficiencies, trying to lower our cost, trying to keep our prices competitive will deliver comps over a long period of time. I think we have shown the ability to grow a very big base of business over a very long period of time and I expect to be able to do that in the future, but there isn’t really one button that you push to drive comps. I talked earlier about margin management and inventory management and having the right car in the right place at the right time. All of those things contribute to comps and those are things that we are focused on as a company to continue to improve.
Michael Montani: Okay. And just in terms of the quarter where we saw the GPUs come down a little bit, but the comps accelerate a bit, I mean, how should we think about that trade-off then going forward? How would you describe the fourth quarter on those two metrics and the balance thereof?
Tom Folliard: With the first question, we have managed our margins pretty consistently over a period of time. I think the margins were down $39ish for the quarter year-over-year. That’s within our level of ability to manage. So, I have always said we would – we tried to do as much price testing as we can and we try to balance margin and sales. And we are pretty pleased with the results for the quarter, but that’s how we will continue to look at it going forward.
Michael Montani: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hoselton with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Brett Hoselton: Good morning, Tom and Bill and Katherine and thank you very much or I mean congratulations on your retirement and Bill, your promotion.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Bill Nash: Thank you, Brett.
Brett Hoselton: I wanted to ask you about gross profit per unit. So at my family’s dealerships, we are going to do over 5,000 used cars this year. I can tell you if you pickup the phone and you called anybody at our dealerships today, they would look forward to or will be very pleased if the Manheim Index went down. They would be very pleased, because that means our cost for goods sold would go down. Therefore, the gross profit would likely go up, because of spread between new car prices and used car prices would increase and the volume will go up because of simple price elasticity demand. And so higher gross profit, higher volume equals better total gross profit. That is a simple idea, simple argument that for some reason. My question to you is the only thing that kind of argues against that is that if I look back at your results historically, it appears as though during periods of time, when gross or when the Manheim Index inflected somewhat, your gross profit per unit actually went down a little bit, which has kind of counted what happens at our dealerships. And I am wondering, do you have any idea or first of all, what’s your sense or what’s going to happen to your gross profit per unit and your volume when the Manheim Index or if the Manheim Index goes down? And then secondly, can you explain what appears at least to my mind to be a bit of an anomaly that took place kind of in that before the last downturn?
Tom Folliard: I am not really sure where you ended up there, but our margin…
Brett Hoselton: Let me simplify it.
Tom Folliard: I will just say I will answer it. Our margin dollars have been very consistent. When the Manheim Index goes down and we can buy cars cheaper, we want to give our customers a better deal. So we have chosen whether it’s right or wrong to not increase our margins when our prices go down because we want to give our customers a better deal. And we are building our business over a very, very long period of time and we want them to leave and say, why I got a really fantastic deal. The next time I buy a car I want to buy it from CarMax. So you can argue with our motives but when our – when our ability to buy a car is cheaper, we have chosen to pass those savings onto our customers as opposed to taking it into margin. That’s just what we have done. The biggest example I can give you is during the recession, our average retail price dropped by over $2,000 in three months and we kept our margins and we bought cars cheaper over that period of time by that same amount and we chose to keep our margins flat. That’s just the decision that we made. I think we gave a whole bunch of customers a great deal and hopefully made customers alike. That’s how we have chosen to run our business. It doesn’t mean that we will do it exactly that way going forward. But when we have the ability to buy cars cheaper, we pass those savings onto our customers.
Brett Hoselton: Okay. So maybe the quite simple question would be if the Manheim Index were to go down by 1%, 2%, 3%, 5%, or something along those lines, you do not anticipate that your gross profit per unit is going to go down, you probably will maintain that and just simply increase your volumes, is that conceptually how you think about the…?
Tom Folliard: Now, every market condition has different variables and we evaluate all of them and we try to make the decisions that are in the best interest of our customers and our shareholders. So I can’t tell you exactly what’s going to look like going forward. You can look at our history. And we watch depreciation go up, down, Manheim Index go all over the place and we managed our business very consistently through that time. And each time we see a downturn or an up-tick or appreciation or depreciation, we evaluate all those variables and we try to make the best decision we can.
Brett Hoselton: Yes. So I guess maybe asking it in a different way, you do not anticipate making less gross profit when the Manheim Index goes down?
Tom Folliard: I just answered that question.
Brett Hoselton: Great. Thank you so much, gentlemen.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mike Levin: Good morning, guys. It’s actually Mike Levin on for Rod.
Tom Folliard: Hi Mike.
Mike Levin: Congratulations again, Tom on your retirement.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Mike Levin: I think over time, your guys sales have correlated much better with new car sales versus used cars and we are looking at expectations for new car SAAR in the U.S. moving forward, most people are expecting sort of a flat towing demand environment, just wanted to kind of get your thoughts around how you think about CarMax’s growth within that sort of plateauing SAAR?
Tom Folliard: Well, I have always – I have said this before that I think that largely, we move directionally with SAAR, but it’s not an exact science. And making a forward-looking prediction on SAAR is something that’s – it’s not something that we really do. And what we focus on is trying to deliver the best deal and the best consumer offer that we can each and every day. And I can’t really comment on what’s going to happen over the next 12 months or 24 months depending on movement in SAAR. I think it’s nice to see new car sales back up to where they were pre-recession. If you actually track new car sales and correlate it with population growth, I think the SAAR is still pretty low. So there are lots of different estimates about what’s going to happen over the next year. We are just going to try and do the best job we can based on the conditions that we see.
Mike Levin: Great. And then just within some of the pool data we have seen losses, delinquencies, tick-up slightly, just wanted to kind of get your thoughts on where we are in terms of credit availability or things beginning to tighten and how – when rates are moving up, how do you kind of see that impacting both the CAF business and your ability to finance your customers moving forward?
Tom Reedy: Right, I guess I can only speak specifically to what we have seen through year end. And if you are asking about CAF portfolio where there is nothing going on there that we see that caused us any concern. It’s been pretty much business as usual. With regard to the partners, the reason we have a number of them because we want to keep a broad spectrum of credit available to our customers. We continue to see greater than 96% of customers who submit an application and get some kind of approval in our stores. So the way I would characterize, it’s greater than 90%. The way I would characterized our availability through the fourth quarter is as good as ever. And as Tom mentioned, we pick a long-term perspective with our partners. We would try to be a good partner. We believe we have developed an origination channel that is spirit to others as far as originating loans for new cares, for used card and new cars, use the transparency and the integrity of the channel. It’s proven out in the past that our partners have seen better performance on their pool rigidly out of CarMax than elsewhere. We have seen in the past that they preferred to allocate capital to us when times have gotten tough. And as we look forward, we would hope that our work in our long-term relationships and the integrity of the channel would make it such that we continue to see that kind of preference for CarMax.
Tom Folliard: I think – does that answer question about availability or...
Mike Levin: Yes, I think so. I will hop back and get back in queue.
Tom Folliard: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Liz Suzuki: Good morning. This is Liz Suzuki on for John. Just looking at the different buckets of SG&A, what portion is generally associated with existing stores or just new stores and what is typically comprised by advertising and stock-based comp, just trying I think going forward about how we should think about operating leverage backing out the impact of stock-based comp and new stores openings?
Tom Folliard: Liz, I don’t know that we have divided it, that we have talked about it that way before. So I am not sure I can answer that. But what – can you ask the question again?
Liz Suzuki: Sure. Yes. I was just thinking about like what percentage of SG&A is generally associated with new stores if you are opening 15 or so per year versus your existing stores and just trying to think about leverage going forward?
Tom Folliard: Yes, I can’t give you the exact percentage, but – because I don’t have it handy. But there is no doubt that new stores on a per-unit basis are significantly SG&A inefficient compared to existing stores, because they are new, because they have higher advertising expense to start, because they are not mature. So if you think about the newer stores, there is no question that they are much more inefficient from an SG&A standpoint on a per unit basis than the older stores. And when you want – you talk about leverage. We have always talked about while we are growing the business, while we are spending the CapEx that we are spending to build 15 stores a year, we need a few points of comps to leverage SG&A at that growth rate. I don’t know if that provides the color you are looking for.
Tom Reedy: Yes. Liz, another way to look at it is, if you look back over time and you see the growth in SG&A, around half I mean coming from new stores and the rest is coming from...
Tom Folliard: Of the growth.
Tom Reedy: Of the growth itself, yes.
Liz Suzuki: Okay, it’s really helpful. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with C.L. King & Associates. Please go ahead.
Bill Armstrong: Good morning gentlemen. Just a question about SUV inventory availability, the expectations are that we are going to see more vehicles coming into the market from off lease and other sources as we move through the year and maybe price starts to come down, as you are going through the options, are you seeing any indication of that yet and to what extent can you maybe source maybe a little bit more through consumers, any leverage you may be able to pull there?
Tom Folliard: I can only comment through February. And SUVs have always been a big percentage of our mix. During the quarter, as Bill mentioned, mid-size and large SUVs were around 24%, roughly a fourth of our sales. I think as I have said before with the high volume of off lease product that means there is going to be a high volume of off-lease product coming back into the market at some point. And I think that there is an opportunity or a chance that, that will create some great deals and some great opportunities to buy, which will allow us to then turnaround and give great deals to our customers. But that’s no different than any segment of our inventory. We are very opportunistic. We turn our inventory very quickly. And we try pass on the best deal we can possibly can to our customers. So it’s still a fourth – it was a fourth of our sales during the quarter. If we see lease volumes, lease turn in starts to pick up, which I would expect they will like they always do when you see such a high percentage of new cars that are leased, we will be the ones that are standing there able to take advantage of that and provide great deals to our customers.
Bill Armstrong: Are you seeing any significant change in the mix that you are sourcing from consumers versus wholesale?
Tom Folliard: No I mean you know that a lot of – a big percentage that we buy comes directly from consumers and the rest comes from auctions and other. So when you see a 24% mix of SUVs, that’s probably about the same from both.
Bill Armstrong: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Seth Basham: Thanks a lot and good morning.
Katharine Kenny: Good morning.
Tom Folliard: Hi Seth.
Seth Basham: My question first relates to the balance between market share and profitability. If you could benchmark your results against the industry according to NADA, well, I appreciate that you gained market share overall for the year. The last couple of quarters it appears that you have lost market share, particularly a benchmark against comparable stores. As you think about balancing that relative to profitability going forward, what do you favor, do you favor maintaining market share or taking a little bit of hit on profitability?
Tom Folliard: That’s a good question and it’s a tough question. I think to use the word optimal is the way I would go and I am not really sure of what that is. I will tell you, I don’t know where you get your data, but we have never been able to get market share data that was accurate on any short-term window of time. I am not even sure how accurate it is over a longer period of time. It is so fragmented nationally. There is 40 million cars sold annually, roughly a third are sold from customer to customer and it’s very challenging to figure out share. I think just the fragmentation alone makes it very, very difficult. As big as we are and I noted some of those numbers earlier, we are a tiny share of 0 to 10-year-old cars nationally, somewhere in the 2% range. So, I don’t know that focusing on share is the right place to spend your energy, because it’s so difficult to ascertain what share actually is. And again, the business is so fragmented you could be as big as we are and have just a fractional share. Even in the markets that we are in of 0 to 10-year-old cars, we think it’s around 5, but remember too that for us, we self select out of a bunch of inventory that’s included in the denominator. We don’t retail anything over 120,000 miles. So, there is a lot of cars that are 0 to 10-year-old over 120,000 miles. We still make an offer on those cars. We buy them and we sell them through our auction. That doesn’t count a share. But we sold 400,000 cars last year that don’t count in share. They just happen to go through our auctions. So, we are evaluating how to think about this going forward, Seth. So, it’s a very good question. But there is such fragmentation I don’t really know how to think about it.
Seth Basham: Okay. I guess…
Tom Folliard: We are just trying to optimize our sales. We are trying to grow our business. We are trying to comp our stores and deliver a great return for our shareholders.
Seth Basham: Okay, fair enough. Just as a follow-up, if you look at your profit per unit, obviously, it declined pretty substantially relative to the last few years on a year-over-year basis. You may see that as noise, but do you see that as a driver potentially to boost your sales going forward and would you be more willing to see further declines in order to boost your sales?
Tom Folliard: I am sorry, Seth, did you say gross margin?
Seth Basham: Gross profit per vehicle.
Tom Folliard: Yes. I mean, it was down – as I said it was down less than $40 and that’s within our kind of our ability to manage. And as I have always said, we will do what we think is in the best interest of our customers and our shareholders. And I can’t really tell you what we are going to do with margins going forward other than we have been pretty consistent with it over the last several years.
Seth Basham: Thank you.
Tom Folliard: And been able to deliver comps at the same time, so...
Seth Basham: Thanks, guys.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paresh Jain with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Paresh Jain: Good morning, everyone. I had a question about GPU as it relates to source of inventory. When we think about the retail inventory channel, it looks like you probably saw as much from auctions as you do to through in-store places, but the auction channel being a lot – relatively a lot less profitable. So, a lot of this increase in off-lease supply expected to show up at auctions or franchise dealers. Is that a way for you to offset any GPU pressure resulting from it?
Tom Folliard: Well, a lot of those cars also show up in the auction too remember. So, a lot of customers who are coming off a lease will shop at our store and if we make them an offer that gets them out of their car and makes them a little bit of money a lot of times, because we see a lot of lease trade-ins come to our store in the form of appraisals. So, I can’t give you an exact answer, but what I can tell you is, our percent of cars that we sell, that we retail which we call self-sufficiency has been in the low 30s and it’s been as high as I think the low 50s. And it moves around over time depending on a whole bunch of different variables. And what we have gotten, I think pretty good at, is being able to manage our margins despite the fact that we expect some movement there. So, I can’t predict exactly what’s going to happen when leases – when lease volumes at the auction pick up, but it’s not just lease volumes at the auction. Remember, it’s all these cars coming back into the marketplace in a number of different ways.
Paresh Jain: Understood. I will get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Nick Zangler: Hey, guys. This is Nick Zangler in for Rick. Just building off that question, earlier you mentioned that some trucks, crossover SUVs were too expensive to buy last quarter. Are you still finding that to be the case? I mean, obviously, this product category continues to be in high demand. And just given that, are you able to get the truck crossover SUV inventory that you want?
Tom Folliard: As I said, it’s a fourth of our sales. I mean, it’s a huge chunk of sales. And I would say the answer is largely yes. I talked about it last quarter. I thought it would have had a fractional impact on us and I was mostly focused on larger SUVs that were just very, very expensive, but if you look at the Manheim Index through from then to now, prices have come down a little bit. But we are always going to try to do what we think is the best value for our customers. But I mean, it’s a huge chunk of our sales.
Nick Zangler: Yes. And given that – but do you attribute any of the traffic decline to having to a lack of truck SUV inventory, I guess?
Tom Folliard: It’s almost impossible to do that, but I would say no.
Nick Zangler: Okay. Alright, great. Thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. Going back to the off-lease topic for a moment, what about on the dealer side? I know that made a lot more emphasis on trying to retail rather than auction themselves and I know they can’t corner the market, but are you concerned that it could cause you guys to not get quite as much as the overall inventory over the next few year as you normally would in this part of the cycle?
Tom Folliard: I can only go by what’s happened in the past and it has never inhibited us before.
David Whiston: Okay.
Tom Folliard: It’s usually the cars are more organized at the auction.
David Whiston: Okay. And going back to an earlier question on online versus brick-and-mortar, I wanted to look at that more from the perspective of these startups like shifts. They compete more in a non-store front test bring the vehicle to the consumer’s home with the sales associate. I am sure you want to stay more in the brick-and-mortar side with an online experience to get, to drive store traffic. But is this format something that you are just kind of dismissing for now, because they are so small relative to you or do you think that’s a type of the experience you would want to offer your customers down the road with a much larger selection?
Tom Folliard: No, we actually just – we have recently tested home delivery. So, we have done some home delivery on a very small test in the market. We will continue to evaluate it going forward. Anything that we see anybody doing that we think would benefit our customers. We are going to evaluate whether or not it makes sense for us. As I mentioned earlier, the one thing to remember is many, many, many transactions involved the acquisition of the customer’s existing car. Something we are very, very good at and I think it gives us a competitive advantage. Some of these smaller online players are connecting consumer to consumer without actually taking any of the inventory and whether actually you are taking any ownership of the inventory, we actually think having 50,000 cars online is a huge advantage for us in providing a great selection for customers and a multifaceted selection when they get into their finance options and find out maybe that they can’t quite afford the car that they thought. So, I don’t think anybody is in a better position than we are to deliver more and more of the transaction online and/or even delivering to someone’s home than CarMax can, because we have the infrastructure in place. As I said earlier, I am not sure how big a piece of our total sales it will be, but we are going to be in a position to do whatever the customer wants us to do.
David Whiston: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Irina Hodakovsky with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Irina Hodakovsky: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on your retirement, Tom and welcome aboard, Bill.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Irina Hodakovsky: I wanted to ask you a little bit of a small details question, SG&A expense. You mentioned you were rolling out in your website through the fiscal 2015 it should be fully rolled out by the end of this month. One would imagine it was probably a bit of a headwind to the SG&A cost. Can we expect an improvement as this initiative is finished and can we expect it to maybe even drive a tailwind?
Tom Folliard: Really, that’s just – Bill talked about the website we designed, that’s one initiative within our spend. We think we can continue to deliver a great value to our customers and continue to deliver our return to our shareholders and invest at the level that we need to make the improvement that we think are necessary to grow the business. So, if there is significant investment in IT? Yes, but there was the last 10 years also and we expect it to be a big investment for us going forward. As we said, we want to make sure we meet the customer where they want to be met. But we think within our big bucket of SG&A spend we can both invest and deliver a good return for our shareholders.
Irina Hodakovsky: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Fassler: I am back guys. Thank you for taking my follow-ups. Two very quick questions for you. It looks like your compensation expense per used vehicle unit, even excluding stock-based comp was down a bit, is there any change in comp practices or was incentive compensation a piece of moving the needle there?
Tom Folliard: There is a number of different things, Matt. I think we had – as you look at this year is a little weaker than last year and so there is less incentive compensation that I have forgotten that, yes.
Matthew Fassler: Any reversals as part of that or just lower accruals over the course of the quarter?
Tom Folliard: It’s just been a weaker year relative to plan.
Matthew Fassler: Fair enough. And then my second and last question, any change in the stance of your sub-prime providers and the standards that they are bringing to the market change? And I know your traffic is down in some of the lower quality credit regions, but in terms of their willingness if you could kind of the standards that they are upholding as they extend credit, I mean, anything you have seen there?
Tom Folliard: Yes, Matt. As I said earlier, I can only speak to what we have seen through year end. And we have been happy with the performance of our Tier 3 partners. They have done a great job for us. I would say that their conversion on applications is a little bit down. But if we look at a like type of credit that they are seeing come through the door that their behavior has been very consistent over the course of the year. So, while we may not see them converting as many people, because their offers might be weaker, that’s more of a byproduct of the fact that what they are seeing is weaker than how their behavior has been. And as far as how they go forward, we want them to run a business that’s profitable and sustainable so that they can support our customers and we will keep an eye for the long-term.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rod Lache: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the follow-up. I just wanted to ask on CapEx, you would say that the 4.50, which is pretty meaningful year-over-year increase, has lot to do with timing of land acquisitions and construction activity. How much of the year-over-year increase can we kind of think of as growth in kind of core CapEx versus timing? And then subsequently, should we think about CapEx being down into fiscal 2018?
Tom Folliard: Yes, almost all of the increase is timing and we would expect to not be aside the following year.
Rod Lache: Got it. So, then maybe that same magnitude come back down to sort of where we have been running and...
Tom Folliard: I mean, we couldn’t give you an exact number, but yes, we don’t expect it to be that number the following year.
Tom Reedy: Yes, I think remember Rod, these deals take a long time to put together and we had a few of the slips from this year into next year that we would have expected to cost the money up on this year. And if things take longer than expected, you might get concentrated in one year versus the other. And if things accelerate, you find opportunities that you need to close on faster the same could be true, but...
Tom Folliard: Yes, and I think that because it – we are at this 15ish store year pace, you need to really be working on 60ish pieces of property to deliver that. So, when you get a CapEx number from us, it’s our best estimate of the next 12 months. But as Tom said, there is some timing, there is some shifting back and forth, but this differential between the year that we are telling you about which is the upcoming year compared to last year is almost all timing.
Rod Lache: Great. I really appreciate the clarity guys. Thanks.
Tom Folliard: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates. Please go ahead.
Bill Armstrong: Good morning. My question also was on CapEx and you have been able to over time reduce your overall cost of new stores, reducing the footprint through more efficiency. I was wondering if you could just maybe update us on what the trends are there? Are you still able to get maybe little bit less cost on an average per store basis? How should we think about that when looking for CapEx?
Tom Folliard: The big piece you left out there is the land part of it and that’s not something we really have a lot of control over. But in terms of value engineering our store so that they are both as efficient to build as possible and then as efficient to run as possible, those are the things we are hyper-focused on. But when you look at our openings for the last couple of years and the next couple of years, we are going to do some pretty expensive big metro markets. We have opened Philadelphia, St. Louis and Boston and Denver in the last couple of years. And in the next couple, we have San Francisco and Seattle coming. So oftentimes, in a place like that, the land acquisition price is going to overwhelm the store build in some cases. So, we are really focused on building as efficient as we can, but the answer is I think we are building a more efficient box than we used to, but it’s hard to really discern when you look at the total CapEx.
Bill Armstrong: That makes sense. Thanks very much.
Tom Folliard: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hoselton with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Brett Hoselton: Hey, guys. Just two quick follow-up questions. One, can you provide us with an update of your sub-prime pilot kind of where you are at, do you have a particular direction that you think you are heading at this point? And then secondly, can you provide us with just some very rough examples of where your market share is at in maybe some of your mature markets?
Tom Reedy: I will take the sub-prime. As I said in my comments and in the release, we continue to be comfortable with where we are at and we are going to continue at the same pace with Tier 3 volume, which is about 5% of the Tier 3 volume that we felt throughout the stores. The sub-prime test, we haven’t learned anything that scares us about it. In fact, we believe it’s a profitable business. But there is more to the equation around risk and what we want to do with the company going forward. So, I think the way to characterize it is it’s going to be – it’s about 1% or less of our total portfolio. But all the reasons that we decided to go into this test are still holding true and we need to continue to get knowledge about this space and these customers and we are going to make sure that we are in a position that we can mitigate risk to the extent we need to. And from that perspective, I think we are comfortable kind of steady as you go.
Tom Folliard: And I am sorry, your second question was?
Brett Hoselton: So, your overall market share across the United States is 1% to 2%, can you provide us as examples of where your market share might be in mature markets?
Tom Folliard: Sure. So again, I talked about the challenges around market share, but it’s about 2%. If you look at it nationally which includes the places that were not. It’s about 5% on average. Remember, our 0 to 10-year-old cars and I talked some about the challenges of the denominator. It’s about 5% in the markets that we are in. And it’s between 10% and 15% in our most mature markets. So, it is no doubt that there is a ramping and a growing over time that’s a combination of comp sales and adding stores into new markets. So, we have seen in our older markets that we can be in the double-digits on share of 0 to 10-year-old cars.
Brett Hoselton: Let me ask you maybe just maybe a broader conceptual question. So, let’s say your mature markets you are in the 10% to 15% range, your next competitor I mean to guess is maybe less than 1% of the market. So, it seems as though you, to be blunt, have an impenetrable near monopoly in your mature markets. Would you disagree with that or would you say that look we really feel very strongly that we have got a very, very strong model?
Tom Folliard: I think we have a very, very strong model. I think monopoly would be a word I wouldn’t use.
Brett Hoselton: That’s fair.
Tom Folliard: But I mean our average numbers speak for themselves. As I said earlier, our average stores – this is our average, including all of our new stores in the quarter sold about 340 cars a month. The average new car dealer who generally are the next biggest and there is variability by market. There is some places where there is independents that have some significant sales. But generally new car dealers that sell used cars we would consider the next biggest and the average nationally is around 40 or 50 cars a month, so that the size differential is kind of true for us in most places.
Brett Hoselton: Well, again, Tom, congratulations on your retirement. Bill, congratulations. I tell you, Tom, you have built a tremendous franchise here. So, congratulations.
Tom Folliard: Thank you. And really, I really didn’t do anything. I was along for the ride with a bunch of really great people. And I am still going to be here for a little while longer. So – but listen, that’s all we have today. Thank you guys very much for joining the call and thanks to all of our associates at CarMax for delivering such a great customer experience and we will talk to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2015-12-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Head, Investor Relations Tom Folliard - President and Chief Executive Officer Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Craig Kennison - Baird John Murphy - Bank of America James Albertine - Stifel Lynn Walter - Wells Fargo Irina Hodakovsky - KeyBanc Michael Montani - Evercore Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates Nick Zangler - Stephens David Whiston - Morningstar Paresh Jain - Morgan Stanley Robert Iannarone - RBC Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jineesha and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 FY 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Katharine Kenny, you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you and thank you for joining our earnings conference call. On the call with me today as usual are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2015 filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I would like to mention that our next regularly scheduled Richmond Home Office Analyst Day will take place on January 20. If you are interested in attending, please let us know. And as always, I hope you will remember to ask only one question and a follow-up before getting back in queue. Thank you. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. As you saw, we had a challenging third quarter due primarily to slightly negative used unit comps. Here are some of the key highlights for the quarter. Used unit comps decreased by 0.8%, while total used units grew by 3.2%. Gross profit per unit of $2,160 was in line with gross profit per unit of $2,172 in the third quarter of last year. And total wholesale units grew 3.4%, about the same rate as total retail units. Gross profit per wholesale unit grew by $22 to $949 per car sold. CAF income also grew 3% to approximately $92 million. I will turn it over to Tom Reedy to talk about finance. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. As Tom mentioned, CAF income grew by 3% compared to third quarter fiscal ‘15 and average managed receivables grew by 15% to $9.3 billion. The weighted average contract rate charged to customers was 7.3%, up somewhat from last year’s third quarter of 7.0%. Our total interest margin declined to 6.0% of average managed receivables from 6.4% in the third quarter of last year and 6.2% last quarter. We saw some tick up in charge-offs during the quarter, which resulted in a modest increase in the loss provision. However, at $91 million, our ending allowance for loan losses was 0.97% of managed receivables consistent with last year’s third quarter at 0.98%. CAF net penetration was 42.9% compared with 41.8% in last year’s third quarter. The increase reflects a mix shift towards higher credit applications in stores. The percent of CAF penetration attributable to our sub-prime test was unchanged at about 0.5%. Net loan dollars originated in the quarter rose 6% year-over-year to $1.2 billion due to combination of CarMax unit sales growth and higher penetration. As you saw in the press release, Tier 3 financing as a percent of sales is 150 basis points lower than in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. This decrease was primarily due to the mix shift I mentioned with regard to CAF penetration. In Q3, we experienced a year-over-year decline in the number of credit applications across the lower end of credit, but moderate growth at the higher end. During the third quarter, we repurchased 7.7 million shares for about $446 million. We ended the quarter at the low end of our target range for leverage, which is booked debt to capital after backing out the notes in receivables associated with non-recourse securitizations of 35% to 45%. Going forward, we expect to continue using share repurchase as a means of managing capital structure and returning value to shareholders. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you. As a percentage of our sales mix this quarter, 0 to 4-year old cars increased to approximately 81% compared to 75% in the third quarter of last year and 79% in the second quarter. SUVs and trucks, as a percentage of sales, were 23% down from 25% in last year’s third quarter, but up slightly from 22% in the second quarter. Our lower used unit comps were primarily a result of modestly lower traffic in our stores partially offset by better conversion. Total web traffic increased by 7% compared to the same period last year. We believe our cost may have been impacted by several factors of note this quarter. First, we have seen a decrease in the supply of 5-year-old to 10-year-old cars as you would expect. Second, we have seen very aggressive promotions and lease offerings from new vehicles that appear to be pressuring sales of 0 and 1-year-old cars. Wholesale prices of SUVs and trucks have increased. So, some don’t represent a good value for our customers. And as Tom mentioned, Tier 3 was down about 150 basis points due to lower credit applications. Now despite these factors, we still sold over 154,000 cars during the quarter, which is the most ever in the third quarter for the company and our average store during the quarter sold 340 cars. SG&A for the third quarter increased about 7% to $338 million. Contributing to this growth was the 10% increase in our store base since the beginning of the third quarter of last year partially offset by a decrease of $6.5 million in share-based compensation expense. In addition, our advertising expense grew by about $9 million year-over-year reflecting the timing of expenses related to our new ad campaign. During the third quarter, we opened 2 stores in existing markets, our sixth store in Houston and our second store in Minneapolis. We also relocated our Rockville, Maryland store to its new larger location in Gaithersburg. And after the end of the quarter, we entered the Boston market with the opening of 2 stores in Danvers and Norwood. And with that, operator, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question relates to SUVs, I know you guys were down about 200 basis points year-on-year. Do you have a sense for what the used market is doing for SUV mix, in general? In other words, do you think used market sales of – do you think the mix of SUVs to the market is down, is it flat, is it up or are you differing in the way you are indexing in SUVs versus your broader competition?
Tom Folliard: I am not sure which is the broader competition, Matt, but we were up a point compared to the second quarter and we still sold a lot of trucks and SUVs in the quarter, 23% of our total sales. But as I mentioned, our prices were pretty high during the quarter. And as you know, we buy a lot of cars at the auction and our buyers are trying to make sure we always deliver a great value to our customers. So, there are times during the quarter and we just didn’t think it was worth overpaying at the expense of giving a great value to the consumer. I think this is probably short-lived. Obviously, it’s been driven by low gas prices. We have seen bigger increases in new car sales as it relates to SUVs and trucks compared to the used car market increases. But ultimately, these cars will all come back into the market at some point.
Matthew Fassler: And then my follow-up for you briefly, the advertising dollar shift into Q3, was that out of Q2 or out of Q4?
Tom Folliard: Really, we just wanted to point out that we launched a new campaign during the quarter and that this just – it wouldn’t be a typical increase for us in terms of our quarter-over-quarter expense given that the sales level that we had. So, we weren’t really trying to say came from one place to the other just this is not what you would expect typically from us on a year-over-year basis. We did create and launch a new campaign during the quarter that started in September.
Matthew Fassler: And how do you guys feel that campaign wise as you measure, I know given where the sales force you measure the return on that ad campaign, I know it’s been early to judge, but your own evaluation?
Tom Folliard: Yes, it’s very early to judge. Particularly when you have a new broadcast campaign, it’s mostly around brand building and not necessarily for short-term sales gain. You guys know we are not promotional. We don’t have sales. So, most of our campaigns are long-term brand building.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Hi. Good morning and Thanks for taking my question. So first I think my first question is just basically follow-up to what Matt asked, but Tom thanks for laying out some of the extra color there with regard to sales in the quarter, but how do we think about if you take those individually, how do we think about the I guess the trajectory from here, I mean it seems the comments you made some of those factors will begin to abate here, but maybe a little more color on that as to how we should think about these factors going into the balance of this fiscal year and into 2016?
Tom Folliard: One, it’s very difficult to attribute a number of points to each of the factors. They are just all things that we noted during the quarter. We also had our toughest comparison of the year, which I didn’t mention. And our 2-year stack comp in the third quarter was actually higher than it was in the second quarter. But I think each of these things had a little bit of an impact on our ability to deliver during the quarter. Most of them I think are short-lived, it’s very difficult to predict trends and when things are going to change and supply, but I think we have done a really nice job over the last several years of being able to adjust and adapt to changing trends in the used car marketplace. I think we will do the same here. I just thought those were things we should have pointed out during the quarter. A lot of the supply stuff is going to take care of itself over time and we are going to take advantage of the things that present themselves to us.
Brian Nagel: Got it. And then so maybe a follow-up to that, I think there is a lot of comments or commentary out there about new competitive – new competitors coming into your marketplace, have you seen anything new with respect to this, your stores that may compete more directly with some of this new competition?
Tom Folliard: I mean, we – it’s an ever-changing marketplace. A lot of the stuff we have seen is around additional capabilities, which we are working really hard to continue to increase for our customers. And as I mentioned remember, our average store sold 340 cars a month during the quarter. If you look at industry data, the average new car dealer sells about 50 cars a month. So it’s really hard to say that we are losing ground and a lot of that stuff that you read about for – from new competition are very small players in very limited markets. So it’s not likely that we are seeing an impact across the nation for our 153 stores when a lot of the press you see is around very small players in limited markets.
Brian Nagel: Got it. Thanks and best of luck with balance of the year.
Tom Folliard: Thanks Brian Nagel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi good morning. My first question I think is pretty easy. I did not see any kind of quantification of the ad spend kind of the launch and how much of that might have been incremental, Tom do you have any color you can provide on that?
Tom Folliard: We did not quantify it, but of the $9 million difference year-over-year, the majority of it was around the new launch.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay. And then obviously you have seen the cycles in terms of kind of how the wholesale market adjust to maybe supply/demand anomalies, so on this whole kind of conversation around SUVs, could you kind of provide some historical perspective perhaps about anomalies you might have seen in the past and kind of how long a correction might take in the pricing in the wholesale market?
Tom Folliard: I mean, I can probably comment on some anomalies in the past, but in terms of how long a correction takes, I think there is too many macro factors involved. But we are seeing, as you know highest SAAR we have ever seen and the bigger of the increase in the SAAR is related to trucks and SUVs. If I was thinking about that over a long period of time, that means a couple of years from now we will see lot of trucks and SUVs out in the wholesale market, which if there is demand, then we will be able to take advantage of that and buy and sell them. I think the other big variable that’s impossible to predict is first, gas prices and then second, the impact of gas prices. I know you remember back in the spring of ‘08 when gas hit $4 nobody would buy an SUV of any kind. But in October of that same year, gas was below $2 and things kind of went back to where they were. Since then when we have seen gas prices increase we haven’t seen the same knee-jerk reaction that we saw. So gas prices have been pretty low for a while and I think it’s provided a boost for trucks and SUVs. But it’s really hard to say what will happen going forward. I just think our model is best equipped to take advantage of whatever the market brings. We are not holding to any manufacturer or any type of product and we want to sell whatever the customer wants to buy.
Sharon Zackfia: I want to violate Katharine’s two question rule. Just one last follow-up I guess, what you are seeing right now, will you characterize as kind of normal ebbs and flows that you have seen in the market over time or is there anything that gives you longer-term more fundamental concerns?
Tom Folliard: Yes. We don’t see anything that causes us long-term concerns.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Sharon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison of Baird.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions as well. I know it’s early, but you did just enter the Boston market and I am curious if you have seen any or had any surprises as you enter that market?
Tom Folliard: We have been open for less than a week. So I really couldn’t – I am not going to comment.
Craig Kennison: Even from a staffing standpoint, you are able to staff the different types of positions you need?
Tom Folliard: We were able to staff. I will say Boston was a bit challenging with staffing, but our teams did a great job of finding a bunch of really great people and we are very excited about our go forward there.
Craig Kennison: And then in terms of technology, could you cover Tom, your priorities for the next 12 months in terms of digital and technology initiatives?
Tom Folliard: Well, our priorities are somewhat unchanged. We want to keep making sure that our customers have a great experience regardless of how they interact with CarMax, it could be from a desktop, it could be from a mobile device, a tablet or in the store and we are very focused on making the transition from their digital experience to the store simple and seamless so that the experience they have online matches up with the experience that they have in the store. And we are also pushing real hard over the next 12 months or so to make sure that our store teams are equipped with information that’s available regarding the individual customers to try to make their experience more personalized. We have a very big database of customers and we are going to make sure that we can access that information and that our associates in the store can access the information when the customers arrive.
Craig Kennison: Great. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: And also we just want to keep increasing capabilities of customers if they want to do more and more of the transaction online.
Craig Kennison: Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy of Bank of America.
John Murphy: Good morning guys. Just a first question, Tom as we think about sort of these tougher comps, I mean basically we are looking at multi-decade lows in the zero to 5-year-old portion of the fleet in absolute terms. And certainly, 30-plus year lows as far as the percentage of the total population of cars outstanding. So I mean as we see that zero to 5-year-old bucket grow in the next 1 year, 2 years or 3 years, don’t you just sort of naturally – would you just naturally expect your same-store sales to recover as that addressable market recovers and sort of the pressure we are seeing here is just a function of the supply?
Tom Folliard: Well, I expect us to be able to comp our stores over a long period of time and I think there is lots of external factors that either help or hurt. I have always felt like the supply of zero to 5-year-old cars increasing is good for us. It’s an area where on a market share basis, if you look at an individual year-to-year basis, we have – it’s been kind of our sweet spot. So I mean I agree as the supply increases there, I think we will do better in those segments. What I feel even – what I also feel good about is coming out of the recession, we did a really good job of figuring out how to sell older cars as well. And I feel like we can do both. So you look at the CarMax consumer offering at zero to 10-year-old cars and I think we are pretty good across the spectrum at near new cars and then older cars with higher miles. I don’t think anybody does good a job reconditioning as we do. I don’t think anybody in a better position to take advantage of those sales as we are.
John Murphy: Okay. And then just sort of a follow-up and the second question, I mean when you look at the gap of new versus used pricing and then you look at the financing offerings that are at – in the new vehicle dealers for new vehicles. It just seems like it’s very compelling for a zero to 5-year-old or even zero to 10-year-old consumer to trip into buying a new vehicle, I mean if you look at zero to 5-year-old car, basically the gap on a monthly payment basis $100 are actually potentially significant and less depending on what kind of financing they get at their new vehicle dealership. I mean how do you kind of fight that tide, I mean and do you think you just need that supply plus pricing to come down to create a wider gap to drive those consumers back and to use vehicles, because it’s incredibly tight right now, I am just trying to understand how that dynamic might change and if there is anything you can do to help change it?
Tom Folliard: Well, it’s not like this doesn’t happen, it hasn’t happened before. There are always pockets or segments of near new cars that given incentive environment whether it’s through cash back or leasing, oftentimes consumers will make that decision. It doesn’t mean they won’t come back to us 3 years or 4 years or 5 years later when they are buying something different. And I do want to point out our average car is around $20,000 and the average new car is around $33,000. So the difference on average has not come down at all, in fact it’s widened. But it’s always true that at any given point in time, given – depending on the incentive environment that there are some closed calls there and I think it was especially true this quarter and that’s why I pointed it out.
John Murphy: Great. Thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine of Stifel.
James Albertine: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just another follow-up on the trends you are seeing in the new cycle. And quite frankly, you have lived through a lot of obstacles and a lot of other headwinds over the last 20 years. It doesn’t seem like there is anything you can’t weather, but it seems like this time might be a little different, particularly among the domestic manufacturers given the propensity to lease. Is there a higher likelihood that some of these new vehicles that are selling on the SUV and truck side go back to dealers rather than hitting the auction market and that – could that limit your availability of supply in the coming years or is that something that you considered and aren’t really worried about?
Tom Folliard: Well, it’s something we have lived through before in terms of percent of new car sales that are leased. I think the number now is around 30%. It’s been this high at times before. Generally, what that means is 2, 3 years down the road those cars will come back to the market in a kind of a more organized way. And dealers won’t be able to absorb the volume that comes back and a lot of those cars end up at auction and that’s what’s happened historically. And we have been able to take advantage of that in the past. I never look at a high lease environment as a negative for us when you think about supply 2 or 3 years later. If you think about this cycle of people getting out of a new car, if it remains that people get out of their car every 3 to 5 years, it really doesn’t make any difference whether it comes back through a lease channel or it comes back as an individual car, eventually they end up in the open marketplace and we have an opportunity to buy them.
James Albertine: Got it. And that ties I think with your 340 cars per month comment versus 50 per month average that you made earlier. There is not a capacity for the dealers to handle the off lease. So, I appreciate that color. And then a quick follow-up on the credit market now that we have finally seen a rate increase and if you look over the last few CAF securitizations, it appears as though the spread might be stabilizing, but really wanted to get kind of an update there as to what you think if we are near that stabilization point or even now that rates are up sort of optically consumers are now expecting higher rates, does that allow you now to sort of increase the APR and maybe even see that spread expand in the near term? Thanks.
Tom Reedy: Yes, this is Tom. As far as the spread to the customer go, that’s going to be really market-dependent as we have said in the past. Our first goal of CarMax auto finance is to provide a competitive offer to the customer and we will go where the market dictates we go. That said, we are constantly testing both up and down to make sure we are optimizing CarMax sales and CAF income at the same time. We have seen a little bit of cost of funds increase this year. We have been testing rates upward a little bit. But I really can’t give you any kind of forward-looking theory on where that spread will go, because it’s going to be market rate based. Historically, as rates have come up, we have been a little bit as the market has slower to adjust upward, because that rates can be sticky and conversely when rates have been coming down, you are usually a little slow to adjust downward because the market is going to drive that as well and you see a little bit of a benefit. But as far as going forward, yes, the market will tell. I think now that the Fed has given some guidance, I think about where they are going with interest rates that stabilize things from the perspective of spreads in the asset-backed market. We saw our spreads gap up in the last year versus prior deals even though we are in a lower interest rate environment, but I think some of that was uncertainty around what Fed was going to do.
James Albertine: Got it. Well, thank you again and best of luck in the remaining quarter.
Tom Reedy: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lynn Walter of Wells Fargo.
Lynn Walter: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just regarding traffic, can you talk about, was that consistent throughout the quarter, any regions that you saw more impact than others?
Tom Folliard: Yes, we don’t give regional or quarterly differences. I said what it was for the quarter and that’s all the information we give.
Lynn Walter: Okay. Let me just ask one other one then if that’s okay. Just following up on your digital capabilities that you are talking about adding how should we think about the kind of investments required to bring those up to what you are talking about?
Tom Folliard: Well, a lot of the investment can be done within our normal spend over the course of the year. We have a pretty significant spend in both IT and marketing and a lot of the investments that we will be making can go over that normal course, but we are looking forward at what types of bigger investments might we need to make. And when we have something to talk about there, we will let everyone know.
Lynn Walter: Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Irina Hodakovsky of KeyBanc.
Irina Hodakovsky: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Two questions for you. The lower floor traffic that you called out in your release, what do you think are the drivers, is it the lack of the SUVs and trucks you pointed out as a difficult supply right now or is it perhaps competition and new entrants into the market who are competing in the standalone used vehicle stores?
Tom Folliard: It’s really hard to say, but I do want to point out, we did get enough traffic to sell 340 cars a month per store. And it was only slightly down. And then conversion was slightly up. And we ended up where we ended up. But in terms of traffic through the door, I think there is a chance that customers are being more prepared and are more likely to buy when they show up. And for us if we could get traffic that’s more prepared and more likely to buy, that’s just as good for us as it is if we just got plain old extra traffic. So, it’s not as easy an answer as you might think, but we had a lot of traffic in our stores during the quarter. It’s slightly down compared to last year.
Irina Hodakovsky: Okay, thank you. And the second question for you. You mentioned in your opening remarks one of the headwinds impact in the comps was the lower supply of 0 to 5-year-old cars, is that as in general to what we have been hearing or are you seeing an actual sequential pullback in this supply from, let’s say, in the second or the first quarter?
Tom Folliard: Actually, while I mentioned supply, I said the supply was down in 5 to 10-year-old cars, not 0 to 5. And in 5 to 10-year-old cars, it just makes sense since the SAAR that you are building off of in years, I don’t know 6, 7 or 8 was dramatically lower than what the SAAR is today. Remember, we had a SAAR as low as 10 in September of ‘08. So, I was referencing the supply of older cars.
Irina Hodakovsky: Thank you for that clarification. Thank you, guys.
Tom Folliard: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani of Evercore.
Michael Montani: Hey, guys. Good morning. I wanted to ask about if you could just talk us through how you think about managing the business in terms of balancing inventory turns with gross profit dollars per unit. Generally speaking, some of the publicly traded dealer peers have shown a little bit higher used unit comps, but then they have also shown greater erosion in terms of GPUs. So, just trying to think through how you would run the business and any tests you may have had tweaking either of those two elements?
Tom Folliard: Yes. We have talked about this in the past. We run pricing test on a pretty regular basis. You can also see we have been very consistent with the margins that we have been able to achieve. So look, there is no way to go back and say, look what if we had lower prices, how many more cars would we have sold? My guess is we probably gave up a little bit of share by maintaining our prices during the quarter, but it’s impossible to quantify. I don’t think however that we gave up gross margin dollars and I don’t think that we – I think we try to make the decision that’s in the best interest of our shareholders each and every quarter. So, we did see the decline in margins that some of the other publicly traded auto retailers reported ending September. And it maybe helped their comps a little bit, but as far as we are concerned, we can only make the best decision we can with the information that we have and that’s what we did during the quarter. And we are okay with the results.
Michael Montani: Okay. And then if I could just follow-up on one which is the leverage point. I believe in the past, you have said 4% to 5% being the comp that you would need to show leverage. And obviously, the commentary today is that there is no change to the outlook for future year store growth. So, should we assume that’s the same, because I know there is a lot of initiatives that you guys are working on in terms of cost to try and prove that as well?
Tom Folliard: Yes, we think – we have always said kind of mid single-digits. We have never really put an exact number on it. It’s also dependent on the rate of growth during any given quarter. It’s also dependent on the type of growth during the quarter, opening up the big metro markets, more expensive than opening up smaller stores. And as you saw during this quarter, there is occasionally some timing of expenses that’s going to impact it, but I think if you think about it over a long period of time with the growth plan that we have publicly announced mid single-digits or so, I think we can leverage our SG&A dollars.
Michael Montani: Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong of CL King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong: Good morning, Tom. Just getting back to the SUV light truck mix, yes, I mean, so if we look at total industry sales 2012 through ‘14, about 50% of total sales were light trucks, so call it SUVs and pickups. Your sales and inventory mix clearly is much less. So, are you seeing – are you not seeing that many of those vehicles available for sale or is it they are maybe not in the condition that you want to re-retail, like what – there seems to be a disconnect there?
Tom Folliard: Did you say it – just I didn’t hear what you said about the mix, did you say 50%?
Bill Armstrong: 50% of all car – vehicles sold from 2012 to 2014 were light classified as light trucks, so SUVs and pickups basically?
Tom Folliard: Yes. I haven’t heard that number before, but I believe you, but that’s never been the case for us. I mean, we had always been in the mid-20s. So this isn’t...
Katharine Kenny: Not the same metric.
Tom Folliard: Hold on a second. Our 23% is medium and large SUVs and pickup trucks. I think the 50% includes crossovers and smaller SUVs. So that’s not in our number. And I don’t have that number handy to tell you what the mix was. I think in general over time, we are going to look a lot like the industry looks. Our sample is very large. We are very widespread across the country. And in general, we are going to look like the industry looks over time. I mean that’s where our supply comes from and we are going to match up consumer demand. It’s never going to be exact particularly on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but if you look at what we have historically reported in trucks and SUVs, it’s generally been in the mid-20s, sometimes in the high 20s. This quarter was 23%. It was up a point from the time before, remembering that we are talking about two different measures.
Bill Armstrong: Okay, got it. Do you feel like maybe you are missing some opportunity then with the SUVs or not necessarily?
Tom Folliard: Well, as I have said I think during the quarter, there was a chance that we could have paid more. It’s not like the cars weren’t out there, but we are always trying to deliver a great value to the consumer as well. So there are always times when certain things at the auction, we just think they are too expensive and we don’t want to buy them and then turn around and resell them, so we wait. And I think the same thing is true here. We have been around a long time. We have seen cycles go up and cycles go down. And as I mentioned earlier, who knows what happens with gas prices. You see a big spike in gas prices and there is a good chance our SUV mix would go up during that time because those cars will be cheaper and be a better value to our customers. But I did mention it during the quarter we saw that there was a lot of pressure on SUV pricing.
Bill Armstrong: Got it. Okay, that makes sense. If I can just sneak one in, extended protection plan revenue lagged vehicle sales a little bit anything to call out there?
Tom Reedy: Nothing in particular, in general we would expect that business to grow with unit sales. This quarter, we had some adjustments in the return reserve. Remember that’s like $100 million reserve, kind of plus $1 million reserve and we are going to see small movements in that based on experience as we see it, as we go forward, so nothing really exciting to report, it’s just an adjustment.
Bill Armstrong: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson of Stephens.
Nick Zangler: This is Nick Zangler in for Rick. I was just wondering – are you guys considering any changes in the policy of selling recalled vehicles, obviously one of the larger dealer group sees those sales, I think to enhance their brand name and obviously you guys have a very strong brand name, but any thoughts there and in general how do you recall cars in that view operationally?
Tom Folliard: We talked about this on the last call. Remember we don’t have – we are not authorized to repair recalls at our stores. And obviously, the recall environment has changed over the last several years. We think the most important thing is being completely transparent with our customers and making sure that they are fully informed. And also that they register on the manufacturers website because I mean we can sell them a car today and a recall could come next week and it wouldn’t have mattered whether or not we did anything to the car. And we think it’s very important that they are notified. We are the only retailer that – we are the only car retailer that has a direct link to the NHTSA website. And it’s VIN-specific and we pre-populate the VIN so any customer that’s on the CarMax website can look up any – all recall information on each and every individual car. And then, during the sales process, we make sure that we point out to every customer the recall status. We help them register with the manufacturer and historically the relationship as it relates to recalls between the manufacturer the customer who owns the car and we want to make sure that customers are fully informed and get that information going forward. So our policy is 100% transparency as it relates to recalls.
Nick Zangler: Great, understand. And then just in general, where do you guys stand with third party lead generators what was the proportion of sales through those sites in the quarter?
Tom Folliard: We never talk about proportion of sales, but we have been asked about Cars.com and AutoTrader.com and we have not used those sites for a long time.
Nick Zangler: Great. Thank you very much guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Healy of Northcoast Research. Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston of Morningstar.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to go back to the distinction between SUVs and crossovers, on the crossover side for vehicles like RAV4, CR-V, Chevy Equinox, can you talk a bit about what kind of pricing you are seeing in auction for those vehicles?
Tom Folliard: I don’t have that information handy, but those are good sellers for us. But I don’t have the mix in front of me. I am sorry.
David Whiston: What I am basically asking, are you having inventory issues there, it sounds like similar to what you are talking about the SUVs is that an issue at all?
Tom Folliard: Yes. I don’t think so.
David Whiston: Okay. And Tom Reedy, you mentioned before Q&A that you are on the low end of your leverage, so can we infer that you are not going to pay back the incremental revolver borrowing anytime soon?
Tom Reedy: I think that’s fair. I mean, the revolver balance is going to be something that’s quite seasonal. As you know we buy up inventory pretty significantly in the fall and we sell through it in the winter and into the spring. So it’s there to manage liquidity. But as I mentioned, I think we have kind of got a target range of leverage we would like to manage to. I would expect to keep adding debt as we go forward and buying back stock to manage to that level. And it wouldn’t be out of the question for us to do something. Think about the revolvers kind of like if you look at our conduit facilities on the asset back side. It’s something that we can use to manage liquidity, but then when you get critical mass, it would take it out of a longer term instrument.
David Whiston: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paresh Jain of Morgan Stanley.
Paresh Jain: Good morning everyone. I just wanted to follow-up on Mike’s question earlier, so if I am hearing you right, stable GPU seems to be the more important metric here for CarMax, am I thinking about it right or how would you characterize your most important metric, is this comp or is it GPU?
Tom Folliard: Our most important metric is sales. And then we have just been able to manage gross profit per unit very consistently over time. We want to make sure that we have given our consumers a great value. One of the things that we are very focused on is continuing to aggressively manage our costs because the price of the consumer is not just the margin but also the cost that we put into a car during the reconditioning process and we continue to put enormous efforts around the engineering that we – we have turned our reconditioning process into an engineer process and we want to continue to try to figure out how to lower our costs, so we can still deliver great price to the consumer and maintain our margin so that we are delivering a good return for our shareholders.
Paresh Jain: Understood. And then on a most strategic front, I wanted to talk about dealer partnerships with ride and car sharing businesses, we see some of these businesses big and small, looking to partner with dealers on two fronts, either to buy or sell a car or in some cases, just utilize of used car sitting on dealer lots and pay dealers a fee. How do you feel about these partnerships between ride sharing firms and dealer businesses, are there potential hurdles in this type of arrangement or maybe there are no issues and it make sense to make some money on used cars while sitting on the lot?
Tom Folliard: We haven’t really explored those avenues for us. The one thing I would say is it is an incredibly fragmented business and a huge marketplace. There are over 40 million cars –used cars sold annually in the U.S. We are very small fraction of that. So as I said, we haven’t looked at those things in particular, but we try to pay attention to all of things that are available in the marketplace and see if we think there is an opportunity for us. But right now, our biggest opportunity is to continue to grow the business in markets that we are not in, continue to add stores back into places where we already have a presence. We are only reaching about 60% of the U.S. population. I think we have incredible growth in front of us. And right now, those are the kinds of things that we are focused on.
Paresh Jain: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Iannarone of RBC Markets.
Robert Iannarone: Hey, guys. Robert Iannarone on for Scot Ciccarelli. Just a couple of quick questions for you, some of the credit data that we have tracked has indicated outsized growth in 72-month plus financing arm, I was just wondering if you could give us any commentary on what you are seeing in customer behavior and their desire for longer term loans for their vehicles?
Tom Folliard: Yes, I think the way I can respond to that is that like I said we are going to be a market-driven lender at CAF and we are going to make sure we are doing the best thing for our customers. And it’s always a balancing act. So, we are going to be continually testing and assume it makes sense. I think recent – the data you might be pointing to recent Experian [ph] data shows about 15% of used volumes getting done at terms longer than 72. We are not sure how much of that is actually pushing out more than a couple of months. But as I said, we will stay competitive. If we see the need to move, we will, but at this point, we don’t feel comfortable to rush into any longer term financing.
Robert Iannarone: Great. Thanks. And just one more on advertising so second quarter in the row now we have seen the advertising expense tick up. You have certainly commented on this in the last couple of calls for us. Just wondering if we should expect that to normalize going forward that you are in the Boston market and you have launched this new campaign?
Tom Folliard: Yes, we are going to make decisions throughout the quarter as well. But as I said, this increase on a quarter-over-quarter basis would not be typical for us.
Robert Iannarone: Okay, thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot. I got back in line and I guess there was room. I have two follow-ups for you. The first relates to write-downs. What can you talk about in terms of the drivers of the tick up in write-downs? How would you relate it to underwriting standards? You talked about seeing higher quality credit applications etcetera. Just give us a sense if you could about how to think about those write-downs and how we might model of them out from here?
Tom Folliard: Are you talking about CAF losses?
Matthew Fassler: Correct.
Tom Folliard: I am sorry, Matt. Yes, I think what I mentioned about the close in the quarter was that it was a quarterly – this quarter phenomenon for the last several, several, several quarters, in fact, most of them, we have seen growth in kind of all areas in the credit spectrum this quarter. We saw decline in application volume and lower FICO stuff and a continued growth in the higher end stuff, the 650 plus. That’s what I meant by the traffic. That’s unrelated to what’s going on with charge-offs. Charge-offs has to do with what’s in the portfolio and it’s been put in there over the last several years. And the way I characterize it is we have had a long stream of favorable experience and at some point, it was – the tide was going to turn in. Things were probably going to normalize. I would probably characterize it as giving back some of the favorable experience we have had over the last several quarters. It’s too early to tell what that means from a go-forward perspective. But as I mentioned, the reserve balance today is at the same level as a percent of receivables that was last year.
Matthew Fassler: And is there anything that you saw in recent delinquency data that would lead you to be incrementally concerned or do you feel like the book is still in very good shape?
Tom Folliard: Now, as I said, we have got a quarter’s worth of data and we will take it as it comes.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. And then my next question just you bought back an awful lot of stock during what was obviously a tough quarter, what would you need to see? What would it take in terms of fundamentals of the business to lead you to slow that buyback down?
Tom Folliard: Well, Matt, as I said I think we have kind of got into the lower end of the leverage range that we have been targeting. And on a go-forward basis, we will continue to do it, to manage the capital structure going forward. I can’t comment on what would it compels do anything, because market conditions could be – in the future could be all over the board. I just think you should take away that we are going to continue using it. We are going to continue using a programmatic approach. You saw during the quarter that we stepped up volumes based on what the stock price did. But on a go-forward basis, it’s probably more of managing the structure perspective rather than moving to a new capital structure.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. Thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: Yes. Thanks, Matt.
Tom Folliard: Alright. There are no more calls. I want to thank everybody for your interest in CarMax. And of course, I want to thank all of our more than 22,000 CarMax associates for all they do everyday to make CarMax a success and a great place to work and happy holidays to everyone. Thanks for joining us. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-09-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Katharine Kenny - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Aram Rubinson - Wolfe Research Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Irina Hodakovksy - Keybanc Rick Nelson - Stephens John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mike Levin - Deutsche Bank Seth Basham - Wedbush Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates David Whiston - Morningstar Michael Montani - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jenisha and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 FY2016 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you’d like to ask a question during this time, simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you’d like to withdraw your question, press the pound key. Thank you. Ms. Katharine Kenny, you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you and good morning everyone. On the call with me today for our second quarter fiscal 2016 earnings conference call are Tom Folliard, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO.  Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2015, filed with the SEC. As always, I know you will remember to ask only one question and follow-up before getting back in queue in order to give everyone a chance. Thanks. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call today.  As you saw, we had a record second quarter due to the continued growth in our store base and solid performances in used and wholesale unit sales, as well as CarMax auto finance. Here are some of the key highlights for the quarter: used unit comps increased by 4.6% and total used units rose by 9.2%. Gross profit per unit was flat at $21.66 compared to $21.73 in the second quarter of last year. Total wholesale units grew by 8.7% partially driven by one more auction date in the quarter compared to last year. Without the additional day of auctions, wholesale units would have grown about 5%. Gross profit per wholesale unit of $951 grew nearly 9% compared to $874 in the second quarter of last year, and CAF income grew 6% to approximately $98 million. I’ll turn it over to Tom to give you some more details on finance. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thanks Tom. Good morning everybody. As Tom mentioned, CAF income grew 6.2% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2015, and average managed receivables grew by 16% to $9 billion, or just under $9 billion. The weighted average contract rate - the rate charged to customers - was at 7.2%, up slightly from last year’s second quarter of 7.0%. Our allowance for loan losses grew to about $88 million or 0.96% of managed receivables. CAF net penetration was 42.7%, half a point of which came from loans originated under our sub-prime test. That compares with 40.7% in last year’s second quarter, of which 0.6% related to loans originated under that test. Net loan dollars originated in the quarter rose 14% to $1.3 billion due to a combination of CarMax unit sales growth and higher penetration at CAF. Finally, during the second quarter we repurchased 3.9 million shares for about $250 million. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you. This quarter, our comp unit sales were driven by improved conversion achieved by our store teams. Our total web traffic increased nearly 12% compared to the same period last year, and now approximately 65% of our visits are coming from something other than a laptop or a desktop. As for our sales mix this quarter, zero to four-year-old vehicles increased by 5% to 79% of our total sales, and SUVs and trucks were down slightly from 24% to 22% compared to last year’s second quarter. For SG&A, excluding the $21 million reduction in last second quarter’s SG&A due to the receipt of legal settlement proceeds, SG&A for this second quarter increased approximately 4% to $331 million. Contributing to this growth was the addition of 16 stores since the beginning of second quarter last year, partially offset by a decrease of $10.5 million in share-based compensation expense. On a per-unit basis, excluding the settlement gain, SG&A decreased $100 to $2,083. The stock-based compensation expense decrease accounted for $78 of that leverage. During the second quarter, we opened four stores, three in existing markets: one in Providence and two in Denver, and a small format store in Tallahassee, which is a new market for CarMax. After the second quarter ended, we opened two more stores, our sixth store in the Houston market and our second store in Minneapolis, and we also relocated our Rockville, Maryland store to its new larger location in Gaithersburg.  Also during the quarter, we notified Nissan that we would terminating our new car franchise at White Marsh, which is just outside of Baltimore, and we notified Chrysler that we would be terminating our new car franchise at our Norcross store in Atlanta. Both terminations will become effective in the third quarter.  With that, we’d be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer. 
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning. 
Tom Folliard: Hi Brian.
Brian Nagel: So my question, I wanted to focus on the used car unit comp. If I look at the number, in my view, the 4.6% you put in was very respectable given what we’re seeing elsewhere from other dealers, or even other retailers. But Tom, as you look at the data, so maybe take a step back from the data, and you had a 4.6 here in Q2, a 4.9 in Q1, and it was only a few quarters before that used car unit comps are tracking upwards of--you know, in the upper single digits. Is there something to explain as you look at the data this kind of downshift we’ve seen in the trend there?
Tom Folliard: You know, Brian, I don’t know that there’s something to explain. We have very big stores, average volume of 320 cars a month. I’m very pleased with a 4.6% comp in one of our--you know, the first and second quarter are our two highest volume quarters of the year. At the same time, we’re building stores, continuing to refine our model, continuing to develop our website and our apps so our customers have a better experience, and our store teams continue to execute very, very well. So you know, I don’t spend too much time--we don’t spend too much time trying to analyze a couple of points here or there in a quarter when you’re building a business over a very long period of time, so we’re very pleased with the performance of the business in the quarter.
Brian Nagel: Got it. If I can just follow up on that, as we think about--I mean, partially you’ve already answered this, but as we think about the third and fourth quarters, where the comparisons at least on a single-year basis get more difficult, is that something that you manage around in any way?
Tom Folliard: You know, as you know, we don’t give any guidance, any forward-looking guidance, but I will tell you that when we look at the business each year and over a long period of time, a lot of our trending analysis is going to take into account whatever the factors were in the years prior. So it matters what the comps were the year before, but it only matters in our forecasting at the beginning of the year.
Brian Nagel: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer of Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Nemer: Morning everyone.
Tom Folliard: Hi Matt.
Matt Nemer: So just to follow up on Brian’s question, I’m just curious if the later Labor Day holiday this year potentially impacted the result. I would assume--it looked like August was a bit of a tougher month from a unit standpoint for the auto industry and that some of those sales had shifted to September.
Tom Folliard: You know, it’s possible, but we don’t really look at it--I mean, we don’t really think of it in that level of detail. To me, Labor Day was in the third quarter last year and it was in the third quarter this year, so the only real difference would be the Saturday and Sunday of Labor Day compared to the year prior. So there might have been something in there, but we don’t really consider it. We don’t consider it to be any factor in the quarter, or we maybe would have called it out.
Matt Nemer: Okay, that’s fair. Then just as a follow-up, your advertising expense was up about 18% year-over-year. Combined with the recent NFL affiliations, I’m just wondering if this signals a change in strategy and perhaps we could see some higher ad expense per vehicle on a go-forward basis.
Tom Folliard: You know, our sales are up a little over 9%, so if we had just flat advertising per car, the expense would have been up 9%. It was up 18%. A good portion of the difference between those two is we actually had ad production during the quarter, and we did not have ad production during the quarter last year. That’s a big chunk of it.  Another big chunk of it is we’ve outsourced our media buying, so some of those dollars have just moved from one bucket to the other, where we used to have that not in SG&A but in corporate overhead. So there’s not really much to read into in terms of this quarter. In terms of the affiliations with sports teams, we have gotten bigger. We are entering some big metro markets, but none of that expense would have really showed up in the second quarter because they are only starting now. We have a big launch in Denver, as you know. We have two stores that we had prior to this year, we added two more. We have a fifth store in Colorado Springs - that’s a big market for us.  In terms of New England and the Boston market, we have two stores in the Hartford market, we have two stores in the Providence, Rhode Island market. In December of this year, we’ll launch Boston officially and we’ll have three stores, one in Danvers, one in Norwood, and one in Westborough. We’re continuing to look at sites. We own a site in Portland, Maine. We’re looking in Manchester and Nashua, New Hampshire, so when we think about New England as a broad market, we have a huge investment coming there over the next several years, and as you know, Matt, Boston is a little bit of a sports town and you really have to try and connect with your customer base. I think that affiliating yourself with at least one of the sports teams is something you need to do. We also just announced a partnership with University of Minnesota as we’re opening up the Minneapolis market, where we opened up our second store there.  So we’ve done some sports marketing in the past. I think this got a little bit more press because it was a little bit bigger, but as a company we’ve gotten a lot bigger too.
Matt Nemer: Sounds good. Looks like based on your store openings that either the Raiders or the 49ers are going to be next.
Tom Folliard: Well, the Raiders beat the Ravens, so maybe they’re not as bad as everyone thinks.
Matt Nemer: Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aram Rubinson of Wolfe Research.
Aram Rubinson: Hey guys, good morning. Can you give us a little bit of the lay of the land of new competitors as you see it, and also kind of where you sit and handicap yourself on your own ecommerce capabilities, your internet site? What again are the capabilities that you believe you’ve got that are virtuous to you, and what capabilities do you really need to still work on and when do you think you’re going to start attacking some of those? 
Tom Folliard: So I don’t know that we have anything that’s just virtuous to us where nobody else can do it. It’s a free market, and what we are trying to do is make sure our customers can do as much of the transaction as they want to do from home. We’ve definitely seen the sentiment shift where customers are looking to do more and more research, more and more pieces of the transaction from home, and in some cases the entire transaction from home. Our current capabilities are our customer can obviously do all kinds of inventory searches. We have 50,000 cars online - I think that’s a huge competitive advantage for us, is the selection of inventory and the ability to transfer our cars at the customer’s request, and as you know, Aram, that’s about a third of our total sales.  We also give the customer the ability to put a car on hold. We give the customer the ability to transfer a car. If it’s a paid transfer, they can do it with a credit card without speaking to anybody and have that car transferred to the store of their choice. They can fill out a big chunk of the paperwork from home. We have tested online credit applications, and we are continuing to enhance our capabilities there. We’ve seen some start-ups and some smaller competitors that are doing kind of beginning-to-end transactions online. I don’t think anybody is in a better position than we are to be able to do those things, and those are some of the things that we’ll continue to work on and continue to evaluate as our business grows. But I think we have a bunch of significant advantages. The one I mentioned which I think is the most significant is the selection of inventory that we have and the ability to transfer it. As a company, last year we moved 2 million cars. We sold 600,000, but cars moving from store to store, moving from auction to store, we moved over 2 million cars. We have a very extensive network of and ability to move cars very quickly at the customer’s request. But I think we need to keep working on our app, we need to keep working on our capabilities, and we need to make sure we stay out in front of the consumer and give them the capability to do what they want to do from home.
Aram Rubinson: Thanks Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. Two questions, I guess. Tom, there are a lot of investors that seem to be concerned about off-lease vehicles and what’s going to happen there, and that this time might be different than prior years where there were a lot of off-lease vehicles. Can you kind of give us your perspective on how CarMax has done in years where there have been a lot of off-lease vehicles coming up, and whether or not your ability to procure those vehicles is any different than it would have been, say, 10 years ago?
Tom Folliard: Yeah, that’s a good question, Sharon. I don’t remember exactly, because remember that the supply comes back two, three years after the lease rate is at whatever it is. Right now, it’s pretty high - I think it’s in the high 20s as a percent of new car sales. I’ve always said before, cars tend to come back whether they are leased or sold, not totally predictable but at a somewhat predictable rate as the years roll forward. When it’s a very high lease percentage, it’s kind of more predictable, so if there’s a bunch of leases going out now, if it’s almost 30% of new cars sales, two years out, three years out we’re going to see a lot of leases coming back. They tend to be a lot more organized at the auction, maybe even a little bit easier for us to have access to. In terms of our capabilities, we are much more organized today than we were 10 years ago. We’re much more analytical about the way we approach car buying at the auction, and I think we’re in a better position today to optimize the inventory that we acquire at the auction because of all the analytics that we’ve put into it and all the digital capabilities that we’ve given our buyers. Our buyers are now all using tablets at the auctions. We’re tracking every single car that a buyer at CarMax looks at at the auction and deciding whether or not that car is worthy, and then the next time a buyer goes to the auction, they don’t have to look at that same car and we’re saving an enormous amount of time in evaluating cars at the auction. We have all the auctions on a program where the CarMax buyers are buying under one kind of generic card, and we can analytically decide where those cars go later.  If you back up 10 or 15 years, we used to buy on a store-by-store basis, so I’m really pleased with the progress we’ve made in our ability to analyze and purchase inventory, and then I think--I really do think that leasing provides a more organized way because you’ll see a lot of the big leasing companies will run hundreds and hundreds of cars a week on a very regular basis at the auction, and it’s pretty predictable and we have the ability to look at that inventory in advance and decide which ones we are or are not going to bid on. 
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, great. Then a question for the other Tom - obviously the leverage on SG&A this quarter was largely related to the share-based comp decline. Can you talk about in the back half of the year what kind of comp you need to hold your SG&A? 
Tom Reedy: I think what we’ve talked about in the past, Sharon, is we need kind of a mid-single digit comp to get SG&A leverage. If you look at this quarter, I think we levered about $23 if you back out the stock-based comp. There is some timing going on there, so I feel like at the comps we’re at this quarter, we are right at the inflection point or thereabouts. When I say some timing, I think there is some favorability in prior years that I wouldn’t give us a huge amount of credit for leveraging this quarter. So we’re still in growth mode, I think we’re still in the same mind that we need comps about this or a little north of it to get meaningful leverage.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison of Baird. 
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. It’s a regulatory question. I’m curious if the government were to pass some law requiring CarMax to fix recalls, would you be able to seek reimbursement from the OEM in the same way that a franchise dealer would?
Tom Folliard: The way we would do it is the cars would go to the franchise dealer, and the franchise dealer would fix them under warranty and then they would get reimbursed for it, and then we would go back and get the car. We are not authorized to do repairs of any kind that run through the warranty system, and that’s the category that recalls fall under, so for us it would be--we would have to take the car to a franchise dealer where it would repaired, and they would get reimbursed and we would get the car back, but it would be at no cost to us.
Craig Kennison: Got it. Then just following up on that, Volkswagen has a big recall they’ve announced. What’s your exposure overall to Volkswagen vehicles? Thanks. 
Tom Folliard: You know, the Volkswagen, which just came out so we’re really still just evaluating it. It only relates to diesel product. We have about-- I mentioned earlier we have about 50,000 cars online. We have only a couple of hundred diesel products, Volkswagens or Audis, so very, very small.
Craig Kennison: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning, guys.
Tom Folliard: Hi Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Tom, you talked about or highlighted that conversion rates drove the comp. Does that imply that traffic did not contribute to the comp this quarter?
Tom Folliard: It does, and as I’ve said before, Scot, I never focus on one quarter’s traffic or conversion. I always feel like, and it has been true over a very long period of time, I feel like our comps will be driven roughly half and half by traffic increases and conversion increases over time, and that has been true for a very long period of time. I think it will be true going forward, so in any given quarter, and it has happened in the past, our comps could be driven by just traffic increases and no conversion increases, or vice versa. This is a quarter where our store teams did a great job of converting the customers that they had in addition to constantly optimizing our finance offer and all the other things that go into conversion - buying the right product, having it at the right store at the right time. That’s what delivered our comps this quarter.
Scot Ciccarelli: I know you guys don’t typically give a lot of detail regarding kind of trends during the quarter, but taking a look at geography, did you see anything noticeable? I mean, obviously you have a lot of exposure to Texas, for instance, which is starting to have maybe some issues in certain areas just because of all the energy-related exposure there.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, you were right at the beginning, Scot - we don’t give any guidance or trending during the quarter, or market-specific data.
Scot Ciccarelli: All right, you can’t blame a guy for trying. Last question is--
Tom Folliard: It’s probably the eighth or ninth time you’ve asked in 10 years, so.
Scot Ciccarelli: I know. I keep trying, right? Is there anything you could put your finger on that drove the gross profit dollars per unit on the wholesale side? I mean, it was a pretty big spike, and I know there is some natural volatility to that category, but I was just wondering if there was anything you could point to this particular quarter.
Tom Folliard: You know, as I’ve always said, it’s not a--we sell cars to the top bidder, so it’s not a manageable business for us within a very--I mean, it is within a narrow range, obviously, because we’ve been able to do it, but within $50 or so, it kind of comes out the way it does If you look at the first quarter this year, it was, I think, right around $1,000, so we have normally a little seasonal drop in margin per car from the first quarter to the second quarter, and that’s what I would say--I would look at it more sequentially than I would year-over-year. So we came off of $1,000 in the first quarter, and we’re down to $950 in the second quarter. Last year’s sequential drop was a little bit steeper, but I didn’t see anything unusual there.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got you. All right, thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot. Good morning. My primary question relates to SUVs. You disclosed the change in mix. I’m interested in your read on what’s transpiring in pricing in the SUV market, and also whether you think perhaps some of the change in traffic trends would have reflected consumers’ awareness of where you are in the SUV market.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, our sales were down 2% in SUVs and medium SUVs and trucks, so 24% down to 22%. It’s still a really big number for us, so I don’t think traffic had anything to do with it. As you know, we try to manage our inventory based on turns and consumer demand. I don’t view 2% as a very big move, and that’s on a year-over-year basis. It’s still almost a fourth of all of our sales, so still a really big chunk of our sales.
Matthew Fassler: To the extent that that happened during a quarter when for the market more broadly, at least on the new car side so presumably used paralleled this, SUVs gained share within the mix. Is that a function of pricing in that market at a moment when gas prices are down and there’s lots of demand for that product?
Tom Folliard: You know, what I’ve seen in that product is prices have gone up because there’s more demand, so I think the lowering of gas prices has caused some higher prices when you’re looking to buy those cars at auction, but not something that caused it to move meaningfully one way or the other in terms of our sales.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. Then just one quick financial question. On the warranty side, you got dinged a little bit, I guess, by warranty cancellation reversals, some accruals there that hit you. Can you quantify that for us, please?
Tom Reedy: Hey Matt, it’s Tom. That reserve has gotten to be a really big number over time. It’s over $100 million now, and we’re going to have movement in any given quarter as we learn new things about the business. So I don’t think we want to get in the habit of calling out everything that is an adjustment in that line because, frankly, it’s part of life going forward and we don’t want to call it out as a one-timer. I can tell you, though, margin and penetration in that space are relatively consistent with what we’ve been seeing over the last year, so we’re happy with how the business is going so absent the adjustment, you would have expected to see that line item increase relatively close to where unit growth was.
Tom Folliard: Matt, one additional thing - if you go back a year and a half ago when we had the much bigger reserve, which we announced, called out and talked about, we also said from that point forward we would look at this in a much more granular way on a more frequent basis, so when it’s a reserve the size that Tom mentioned, you could expect us to be looking at it more frequently and probably make adjustments as necessary on a quarterly basis, and unless they are material or something worthy of discussing, it will just be part of us normally running that business.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. Thank you so much.
Tom Folliard: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Irina Hodakovsky of Keybanc.
Irina Hodakovsky: Good morning, everyone. A quick question for you guys on CAF. The income growth slowed substantially sequentially, it was even down. I was wondering if there is anything to point out there, any material changes in the strategy or in terms of the end markets, anything of note?
Tom Reedy: Yeah, I think from the perspective of CAF, it was a straightforward--you know, a boring quarter, which is what we like to see. That means everything is going as expected. If you remember, last quarter and, I believe, the quarter before, we had some adjustments--or not adjustments, but changes in our loss expectations which were favorable and actually boosted income growth in those quarters. This quarter, we’ve seen loss experience come in as expected, right where we booked it, which is how we like to see things. So there’s nothing different going on, it’s just a matter of we’ve seen losses come in exactly as we’d been planning on.
Irina Hodakovsky: Great. There was a lot of detailed discussion in terms of the used vehicles and the trends there and year-over-year comps, and all this other stuff. Can you talk on a broader level any material changes in terms of consumer demand out there? You mentioned a mix shift in SUVs. Do you see demand holding as it was before, slowing down, or anything of note? 
Tom Folliard: Nothing really. If you look at the first quarter and the second quarter, they are very, very similar - a little over 9% total sales growth, so that’s our new stores kicking in about half of the company growth and then comps of 4.5 to 5%. So it looks very similar to the first quarter, nothing of note.
Irina Hodakovsky: Thank you, guys. Congratulations on a strong beat.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson of Stephens.
Rick Nelson: Thanks. Can you discuss the sub-prime market, what you’re seeing in terms of appetite from your lenders? I saw the Tier 3 proportion was down sequentially and year-over-year.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, I think the Tier 3 portion was down only very slightly year-over-year, just a couple of tenths of a point. But I think as we mentioned last quarter on the call, we’ve seen pretty consistent behavior from our Tier 3 lenders, and when I say consistent behavior, it doesn’t necessarily mean what percentage of sales are getting done by Tier 3 because they are impacted by what is actually flowing down through the channel and that they’re able to see, so if there is a change in credit mix or if our other Tier 2 lenders are becoming more aggressive, it changes the nature of what they are seeing. What we look at is their behavior on how many of the applications that they see, they approve, and if they convert, and on those bases we’ve seen pretty consistent behavior. 
Rick Nelson: Got you, and if I could follow up with a question about [indiscernible] now over, say, the non-bank auto finance companies like CarMax. Has there been any changes that you’ve implemented operationally?
Tom Reedy: Sure. The larger participant ruling is out there, and frankly it was nothing of any surprise for us. There is no direct impact on our dealer operations, but as we expected all along, CarMax Auto Finance will be subject to the Bureau’s supervisory authority, and what that means is we’ll be interacting with them in the future, as we were pretty certain. As far as what we’ve been doing, we’ve been paying careful attention to developments in the industry as we see new announcements and new actions by them. We’ve been assessing our practices as we see what we think are the expectations of the Bureau, and we’ve been working hard to make sure that our compliance and program is up to snuff and will be ready for examination, if and when it comes.
Rick Nelson: Okay, thanks Tom.
Tom Reedy: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. Just a follow-up on the same store sales and the showroom traffic. I mean, obviously it sounds like the showroom traffic was pretty stagnant, or up only slightly year-over-year. Tom, what do you think is driving that? I mean, we’re at a point where miles driven is increasing, gas prices are low, rates are low, employment is improving. It just seems like we’re in an environment where showroom traffic for you should really be stepping up. I mean, is there something going on with the relative price of used cars versus new cars? I’m just trying to understand why showroom traffic isn’t up a lot.
Tom Folliard: As I said earlier, I don’t think it’s something you can look at on a quarter to quarter basis and get a true read. Because we have so much traffic both on our website and in our stores, if customers are not visiting as many places as they used to visit before because they’re more prepared before they show up, then that could change the quality of traffic, and that’s just as good as getting more traffic. So there are just so many factors that are involved in there, I don’t think there’s any one item that we could point to and say, this is why traffic was up or down in any given quarter. Again, we’re trying to manage it over a much longer period of time. I don’t have a great answer there.
John Murphy: Yeah, it just seems like the factors should be moving for you in the right direction here. Maybe just a second question - as we look at the store openings, obviously you guys are doing a great job there. What would it take to accelerate your plan for store openings? I mean, the business is operating very well, you’re executing on these store openings well. Could you ramp up the pace of openings?
Tom Folliard: We clearly could from a financial standpoint. We are very focused on making operational improvements in our existing stores and growing store base as well, and we don’t want to do one at the expense of the other. Some of the markets that we’re opening and some of the stores that we’re opening in the next couple of years are very big and very complicated. When you think about us opening a big production store in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Boston, Seattle - all markets which we have construction coming in the next few years, they are not just a store that opens and sells a few hundred cars a month. They also recondition in some cases 2,000 cars a month and then run an 800 or 1,000 car a week auction. So we’re starting up really a business within a business when you think about the auctions, and then building a giant reconditioning center in some cases attached, so really one store for us in some cases is very, very complicated. If you look at, as I said, our opening plan over the next several years, we’re going into some pretty big metro markets, building some pretty big, complicated stores, and what we don’t want to do is accelerate the growth pace and say, oh, we opened two more extra stores this year but the ones that we did open, we didn’t open as well and we lost the ability to improve execution. So I don’t know exactly what the right number is, but I can tell you that at this pace of about a store a month, I feel like it’s a pretty aggressive growth pace and I’m really comfortable that we’re growing the business effectively, and at the same time not losing track of maybe the most important thing, which is improving existing store execution.
John Murphy: Great, that’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache of Deutsche Bank.
Mike Levin: Good morning, guys. It’s Mike Levin on for Rod. Tom, I remember last quarter, you were a little puzzled by the down year-over-year ASPs. We kind of saw something small similar this quarter. Just wondering if you guys are getting a better handle of what might be going on, or if some of the used car supply might be starting to get better affordability for your consumers, just any kind of a beginning of a trend here.
Tom Folliard: Puzzled is a good word. I think I probably was a little puzzled in the first quarter, but this quarter our ASPs are actually up sequentially, and I think ASPs should be looked at on a sequential basis more than a year-over-year basis. I think it’s the more relevant data point, and I think we’re up $150 from the first quarter to the second quarter. I’m sure that a lot of it for us is mix related. It turned into a much bigger deal at the end of the first quarter last year when we were down by $300. I think people thought it was some type of an indicator of other things in the marketplace, and honestly we just didn’t see it that way, and it hasn’t borne out to be that way. So we manage the business on a per-unit basis, not on a revenue basis, so we don’t really look at it that closely. But coming from the first quarter to the second quarter, we’re up $150, so.
Mike Levin: Got it, okay. Maybe just on CAF, it looks like the collateral spread is starting to stabilize here around 6.2%. Do you guys still feel like that might have a little room to soften from here, or with rates possibly on the rise in the near future, are you getting the ability to raise prices to end consumers at this point?
Tom Reedy: I think the answer to both of those is probably a bit of a yes. You know, it’s going to be a byproduct of where we--what customers are demanding, what the market is for auto loans, and what cost of financing does. We saw our costs on the last deal tick up about 20 basis points, which we see in any given period is not a big deal, but they actually were up relative to the last three deals. We are constantly testing both up and down in different pockets of the business to make sure we’re optimizing what we have available for the customers, and we’re going to manage the spreads at whatever the market will allow us. So hopefully--I tried to answer it, but I think the answer is both. If rates go up and we’re not able to raise APRs, we’d continue to see some compression. If the market allows us to keep that spread there, we’ll do that; but we’re absolutely going to be a competitive lender and be providing excellent opportunities for our customers from a financing perspective.
Tom Folliard: I’d just say if you look at this over a very long period of time, as Tom mentioned, we’re one of the lenders in our store and we have to be competitive, and we also give our customers three business days to go get a better deal somewhere else and they can turn it in with no charge. Generally over time in a raising rate environment, spreads tend to compress, and in an environment where rates are going down, spreads tend to widen. Other than that, we’re not in the business of trying to predict where it’s going to go, but there’s been a lot of talk about cost of funds increasing over time, and we’ll see what happens.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, and I think I said this on last quarter’s call - we’ve been in rate environments where benchmarks are significantly higher than they are today and lived with similar spreads to what we’re doing today. That doesn’t mean it’s the case in the future, but as a point of reference if you want to look back at the mid-2000s, we were in a higher rate environment with pretty strong spreads of CAF.
Mike Levin: Got it. Appreciate the color, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham of Wedbush.
Seth Basham: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. My first question is just a follow-up on CAF. Obviously the penetration improved a little bit year-over-year, about 200 basis points. Would you say that you guys were a little bit more aggressive in terms to get that type of penetration, or is there anything else you could point to there?
Tom Reedy: I think there’s a couple things going on from that perspective. Part of it is what’s coming in the door. Credit quality in the door was up a couple points year-over-year, so that naturally would lend towards CAF getting more of the volume. Also, we have been a bit more aggressive in our testing, and we probably did take a little volume from Tier 2. You can see that in the other financing margin line where even given the fact that Tier 3 was down a little bit, that we had a slight increase in fees paid to other financial parties, and that’s because Tier 2 was down a little bit as well.
Seth Basham: Got it, that’s helpful. Then secondly, in terms of inventory availability, Tom, you spoke to the huge competitive advantage you guys have there, but it seems like nowadays almost every other used car in a given market is online and customers are willing to travel a bit further to buy those cars. Does that sort of change the competitive dynamics in your view, or not?
Tom Folliard: It depends on who the competitor is that they then go and buy the car from. I mean, we’ve been consistently the retailer that offers a no-haggle price, easy access to financing with no negotiation, a cash offer on every car, a 30-day warranty, a five-day money back guarantee, three days to go get a better loan somewhere else. We stand behind the product that we sell. We have a seamless process. Our sales consultants are not paid a commission based on which car you buy or how much profit we make, so I don’t think it’s just the fact that the car is available. I think it still goes back to the process that the customer has to go through and whether or not they are comfortable doing that, and I think that’s something that we continue to have a very large competitive advantage on.  So the market is extremely fragmented and the fact that all of those cars are online doesn’t change the fact that when the customer goes and actually goes through the process, they still have to go through a process in a way that makes them uncomfortable.
Seth Basham: Got it, so increased price transparency isn’t really a big issue for you guys because of the offer that you had all around, not just price?
Tom Folliard: Well, increased price transparency is price transparency on the price of the car only, which is almost always negotiable, and then the price of the trade, which is always negotiable, and then the price of the financing, which is ridiculously negotiable, and then the price of all the add-on products like extended service plan or accessories, which are also negotiable. So when you look at it from top to bottom and the fact that we are straightforward and transparent on all of the pieces of the transaction, I think we have a significant competitive advantage and it shows up in our volumes.
Seth Basham: Got it. Thanks and good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong of CL King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong: Good morning, guys. Just one question on CAF. Your weighted contract rate was up a little bit year-over-year but down sequentially. Are there any seasonal factors involved, or was it more the customer mix? How should we look at that?
Tom Reedy: Yeah, Q4 and Q1 are typically lower credit mixes, so you might see a little bit it skews down our Bs and Cs then, but I don’t think there’s really anything to read into it. There’s nothing from a behavioral perspective that we did differently.
Bill Armstrong: Okay, so you would just kind of consider it within the norm?
Tom Reedy: I’d say what’s coming through the door is probably driving that.
Bill Armstrong: Yeah, got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Again ladies and gentlemen, in order to ask a question, please press star and the number one. Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston of Morningstar.
David Whiston : Thanks, good morning. Going back to the NFL endorsement deals, should we think of this more as a very large scale trial, or should we expect more deals like this going forward because, as you noted, you are a bigger company?
Tom Folliard: You know, like any other advertising program that we have tried or run in the past, we’ll evaluate it based on its performance and determine if it should be a bigger piece of what we do going forward. We’ve been a sponsor of the Los Angeles Clippers for almost 10 years now, so this isn’t our first sports sponsorship, it’s just our first NFL sponsorship.
David Whiston: Okay. You mentioned at the beginning of the call, about 65% of your business is coming from something other than a laptop or desktop. Is there anything that a smartphone or tablet user cannot do today that someone on a laptop or desktop can do?
Tom Folliard: That was 65% of our web hits, not 65% of our business. So it’s 65% of the total hits coming to our website are coming from a tablet or on a--you know, we have a different site for each, so there’s a mobile site you go through on the mobile device and then there’s an app, and the app has somewhat limited capability, but all the things that we think are most important - the ability to search for a car, the ability to look at 40 high definition pictures, the ability to zoom in on each of them, the ability to find a store and contact a sales consultant. We are continuing to work on adding additional capabilities, but clearly there are more capabilities on a desktop just because there’s more room and there is more access for the customer to do more things online. But we are continuing to work on our app and continuing to give the customer more capabilities based on their demands.
David Whiston: Okay. Can you transfer on an app?
Tom Folliard: Can you transfer on an app? You cannot transfer on the app right now. You can’t go in and enter your credit card information and transfer a car, no.
David Whiston: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani of Evercore ISI.
Michael Montani: Hey guys, good morning. I wanted to ask on the retail gross profit per unit, which was quite consistent there, a lot of the public competitors on the dealer side have been seeing mid-single digit declines, and you guys have been really persistent. So can you just discuss some of the levers you might have, and how should we think about that going forward?
Tom Folliard: You know, we’ve been pretty consistent with managing our margins over a pretty long period of time now. I can’t comment on the way others manage their business, but we’re pretty confident in our ability to manage margin through all kinds of different environments. Even going back to the recession, we were able to manage margin pretty effectively and inventory turns during that time, which is the most significant single piece of volatility that we’ve seen in our time running the business. So we feel pretty confident in our ability to be pretty consistent with our margins.
Michael Montani: Thanks. Just one other issue was on the buyback potential. From a debt to cap standpoint, I think that you all have said that there is opportunity there to perhaps be a little bit more aggressive, so maybe for Tom Reedy, if you could just go through how you’re thinking about that, and then also what are the metrics you would use to evaluate if you want to get more aggressive with the buyback.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, we’ve tried to be pretty consistent in our approach, and the fundamental to it was that we obviously are continuing having a priority of returning capital to shareholders as it’s appropriate, and we also believe that we could use a little additional leverage in our capital structure. We’ve talked about getting back to levels that are closer to where we ran pre-recession than where we are today. We’ve made some progress - we’ve bought back about 1.8 billion since the start of the program, or about 15% of the shares that were outstanding as of October of 2012, but we still think there’s--as you’ve seen, and we’ve made a little bit of progress on the cash balance this past quarter, it’s gone down about $250 million. But to get back to the levels we were considering, we would need significantly more debt than we have today, so I think we’d expect to continue on with the program as is. As far as how aggressive we get, we set up the program with bumpers in place that essentially govern our buy volume based on stock price and valuation, allow us to be a little more aggressive as price and valuation drop, and vice versa if price and valuation are up. We review that on an ongoing basis and will adjust it as appropriate. As you saw this quarter, the stock price was down, we were a bit up on our volume; last quarter, it was the opposite, so you can see we do take a bit of a view on how much volume to buy at given prices, but remember, it’s going to be a programmatic approach over time.
Operator: Again ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star and the number one. Your next question comes from the line of Irina Hodakovsky of Keybanc. Irina, your line is open.
Irina Hodakovsky: Sorry about that - I was on mute. I have one follow-up question on the recall question that was asked earlier. Auto Nation made a move to ground all vehicles under recall. There was a recent attempt to implement a law similar to that - it didn’t work right now, and in near term nobody expects that, but longer term it could become an issue if the industry moves in that direction. Was just wondering if you had discussed that internally, if this is a concern, how material--is it just a higher cost issue, maybe higher inventory cost? And if it’s not a concern, then why not? 
Tom Folliard: Well, it is a concern. We’ve talked about it at length. It’s something that we’re always trying to do what’s the most transparent thing that we can do for our customers. Something to remember is we’re in a different--we are almost exclusively used cars. We operate almost no new car franchises, and actually two less as of this quarter. We’re down to just two Toyota stores, one in Baltimore, one in Kenosha, and any repairs that are under warranty, which include recalls for us, have to be taken to a dealer and done at that location. If there were laws passed, we have always complied with all the laws. If there was a law passed that required us to fix recalls, we would absolutely do that; but then, everybody would be in the exact same boat and all others who sell used cars would have to get those repaired at manufacturers’ locations. We think the most important thing is to make sure that customers are fully informed of whether or not there’s an open recall on the car and also how important it is to register on a manufacturer’s website. We may sell them a car and a week later a recall may come out, and if they haven’t registered with the manufacturer, then they won’t ever know about that. Every customer that buys a car at CarMax is made aware in several different points of the transaction about recalls. We have a direct link on our website to the NHTSA database. It automatically populates the VIN for the customer so they can see exactly what’s going on with that individual car, and then at the point of sale our sales consultants are walking through with the customer exactly what I just said - whether or not the call has a open recall, and the importance of registering with the manufacturer on their website so they can be notified of recalls going forward. So we’re absolutely committed to transparency, and if there’s any changes in the law, obviously we’ll comply with all those laws. 
Irina Hodakovsky: Thank you.
Tom Folliard: All right, thanks very much for your interest in CarMax, and thanks to all of our associates for all they do every day. We’ll talk to you next quarter. 
Operator: This concludes today’s call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-06-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President-Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Sharon M. Zackfia - William Blair & Co. LLC Matt R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael David Montani - Evercore ISI Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris J. Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC Irina Hodakovsky - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc. Mike L. Levin - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. N. Richard Nelson - Stephens, Inc. Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc. David Whiston - Morningstar Research Paresh B. Jain - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Junisha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 FY 2016 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Ms. Katharine Kenny, you may begin your call.
Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning. On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2015 filed with the SEC. And as always, I hope you will all remember to ask only one question and a follow-up before getting back in the queue. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. We had a great first quarter, driven by strong performance in all our key businesses areas and with the continuation of our store opening plan. I'll give you some of the highlights for the quarter. Used unit comps increased by 4.9% and total used units grew by 9.3%. Gross profit per unit relatively flat at $2,200 compared to $2,220 in the first quarter of last year. Total wholesale units grew by 4.7% and gross profit per wholesale unit of $1,032 was similar to $1,046 in the first quarter of last year. Other sales and revenues increased 14% year-over-year and CAF income grew 15% to approximately $109 million. I'll now turn over to Tom to talk about finance, Tom?
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, all. Tom mentioned CAF income grew by 15% compared to first quarter of fiscal 2015 and average managed receivables grew by 17% to $8.7 billion. As mentioned in the release results for this quarter, we're again positively impacted by favorable loss experience at CAF. The weighted average contract rate, that rate we charge to the customers, was 7.4%, up slightly from last year's first quarter at 7.2%. Our allowance for loan losses grew to about $84 million or 0.94% of managed receivables. CAF net penetration was 42.2%. Half a point of that came from the loans originated under our subprime test, and that compares with 41.3% in last year's first quarter. Net loan dollars originated in the quarter rose 10% to $1.4 billion due to the combination of CarMax unit sales growth and CAF's modestly higher penetration. And during the quarter, we repurchased 1.8 million shares for about $120 million. That's down from the pace in recent quarters, reflecting the increase in stock price. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. SG&A for the quarter increased approximately 11.6% to $350 million. Contributing to this growth was the addition of 16 stores since the beginning of the first quarter of last year and a $7.9 million increase in share-based compensation expense. On a per unit basis, SG&A increased $51 to $2,098 compared to $2,047 in the first quarter of fiscal 2015, $39 of which was related to the stock-based compensation expense. During the first quarter we opened three stores, two in new markets for CarMax, Minneapolis and Gainesville, Florida. We also opened our third store in the Philadelphia market. After the first quarter ended, we opened our third and fourth stores in the Denver market. That was actually yesterday, and added a second store in the Providence market. We plan to open one more store in the second quarter in Tallahassee, Florida, which will be a new market for us. Our comp unit sales were driven by improved conversion and continued growth in customer traffic. Our web traffic was up almost 10% compared to the same period last year. Monthly web visits grew to nearly 16 million. And now over 60% of our visits are coming from something other than a laptop and a desktop, so either a mobile device through our app or on a tablet. And with that, we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Craig Kennison of Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning, thanks for taking my question. This is more of a long-term question, but we have this view that millennials might respond to your hassle-free business model better than prior generations. I'm curious what CarMax is doing to target this group any differently, whether it's from a marketing perspective or what your technology spend might look like going forward.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's a good question, Craig. We're in the middle of investing in continued capabilities on our website and mobile devices, and I don't think that's just for millennials. I think that's really for all consumers. If you look at consumer behavior over the last several years, it's clearly shifting towards wanting to do more and more of whatever shopping process they're involved in online. And we see that continuing to shift, and then within that, continuing to shift towards mobile. So we're working hard on our app and trying to have fantastic pictures on there. We've added zoom capability. We've added high-definition and zoom capability. We've given customers the ability to transfer a car from any store to any other store. We've given them the ability to pay for that online. If it's a paid transfer via credit card, they can fill out a big chunk of the paperwork online. And I think there's lots more to come there. It's just an ongoing process and trying to stay out in front of technology. But continued investments in the website and our mobile device I think will attract not only millennials, but other customers as well.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks, I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning, guys. Can you talk about subprime penetration? It still seems to be bouncing around a little bit and was down from 1Q last year. I guess what I'm wondering is how much of that drop is from business being picked up by Tier 2 lenders, and how much of that is maybe from some changes that the Tier 3 guys are making? Thanks.
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think we talked about this a little bit last quarter. We've seen pretty stable performance from our Tier 3 lenders. If you look at what they're approving and the quality of their offers, it's been pretty consistent for the last several quarters. And as we've talked about, you've got to remember that their performance is a byproduct of both what they're doing on the credit front and what they're seeing coming through the pipeline. So I think it's fair to say that their behavior has been consistent and we're seeing a little bit more assertiveness in the Tier 2 space.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: All right, so no change in terms of thought process regarding the Tier 3 that they're probably just seeing less product because of the Tier 2 activity.
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I can't speak for them, but if you look at credit quality of applications this quarter, it's up about two points year over year. That moves the mix a little bit. And I think we've done a lot of work to build a good stable of Tier 2 lenders that each brings something different from the table from a credit perspective, and that adds incremental sales. So like I said, I think we're happy with the performance of our Tier 3 lenders. I think that we see consistent aggressiveness out of them in the last several quarters. I wouldn't attribute it to anything but some things moving around.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So just to be clear, when the Tier 2 guys that needed taking up some share, we should assume that's a much more profitable transaction for you, correct?
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. As you know, we pay $1,000 per car in the Tier 3 space and we make $300 a car from the lender in the Tier 2 space. So every time we are shifting that volume, we're taking loan from $1,000 out-of-pocket to $300 in. So yeah, it's good. And you saw that reflected in the other margin this quarter. Our third-party finance net income, which is actually an expense, was actually flat year-over-year with 9% sales growth and that's a direct result of the mix of Tier 3 being a little bit lower.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you, many thanks.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Scot, as you know, one of our main goals at CarMax is to make sure that when customers show up at the store that they have access to credit and we always talk about global approval rating which is of applicants, how many get an approval from one of our lenders starting with CAF and then heading down through all of our other partners. And that number is over 90%. So we're pretty pleased with the credit offering that we have for our customers when they show up at the store, whether it's through CAF or one of our partners.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got you. All right, thanks a lot guys.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Scot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Morning. So I have a question, a follow-up that I'll kind of shove into one here. The question on the buyback and Tom, you discussed this a bit in your prepared comments, maybe an explanation why we saw a lower buyback never heard in Q1 versus the prior quarters. But can you give us a little more color there on how you're thinking about that buyback relative to the stock price? And maybe how should we consider the cadence of buybacks in coming quarters...
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I don't really want – we're not really going to be in a position to get into what we're going to do in future quarters, but I can tell you that our intentions are very much that it's a priority for us to return capital to shareholders, and as we've talked about the last couple of quarters, to move our capital structure towards where there's a little bit more leverage in it. And that is something we're committed to do over the medium to long term. In any given quarter, we might see some bouncing around, because rather than having a trading mentality, we're trying to take a programmatic approach to buying back stock. We've set up a program and we let it run for a period of time. That program's going to have guidelines in it that allows for more share repurchase at lower stock prices and dialing it back as the stock goes up. So – and we just kind of look at it from a longer-term perspective. We'll adjust those parameters as is appropriate going forward, but that's pretty much as much as I can say about it. We had a program in place that dials back at higher stock prices. We saw the stock price increase significantly over the last several months. And as time goes forward, we'll adjust it as appropriate, but keeping an eye on the fact that we do want to keep making progress towards more leverage in the capital structure.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Got it, that's helpful. And then my follow-up question, unrelated. Just an update from a marketing perspective. Are you still list – is CarMax still listing cars on Autotrader.com and Cars.com? Is that still a marketing vehicle you utilize?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: At this time it's not, Brian. We have gone on and off testing with Cars.com and Autotrader.com, and we'll continue to test on whatever listing sites that add incremental sales and that are worth the investment. With the growth in carmax.com up to 16 million hits a month, we're a pretty prominent website, particularly in all the markets that we operate in, and we haven't found that there is incremental value there. So at this time, we're mostly just using our own website. We are continuing to test, but we don't have any cars on Cars.com or Autotrader.com at this time.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, thanks a lot.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon M. Zackfia - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, I guess just two really quick questions. Tom, can you talk about why average selling price is down? I don't think I've ever seen that before at CarMax. And then secondarily, the stock comp, the $7.9 million, is there going to be accelerated stock comp all year, and how do we think about that and the G&A line?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the first part, I think we were down – well, I'm getting the number here – I think we were down a couple of hundred bucks. And I'm with you, Sharon, I don't generally expect ASPs to go down, so I don't have a great explanation for it. I think lower prices are better for our customers. I don't think it really is an indication of much of anything because the move was so modest. What was it last quarter?
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: $100.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We were roughly flat last quarter. I think we're up $100. So I haven't really read too much into it. It's such a small change in price. And then your second question, Sharon?
Sharon M. Zackfia - William Blair & Co. LLC: The stock comp, I think you had $7.9 million of incremental stock compensation this quarter. I'm just kind of trying to figure out if there's accelerated stock compensation all year, how we should think about that and G&A?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's largely going to be driven by how the stock performs. And a big chunk of that is in our restricted stock units that go to the vast majority of the associates who are in the equity program largely in our stores. And that's a cash-settled expense for us, and it's subject to variable accounting. So this is going to be largely based on how the stock performs and a number of other factors.
Sharon M. Zackfia - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer of Wells Fargo.
Matt R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. I wanted to just piggyback on Craig's question around mobile and web capabilities. Just wondering if you can give us an update on the EasyShop program and what we can expect in terms of future web capabilities over the next year or two.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Matt, so that was a – we originally called that out as a test. And EasyShop was a branded thing – excuse me, within the website. We're really not calling it that anymore. It's now really just expanded capabilities throughout the website, and we'll continue to test those capabilities. And when we find something that works, we'll roll it to the whole chain. And so the things I mentioned earlier, the ability to transfer a car, the ability to pay for a car, the ability to make an appointment, the ability to put a car on hold remotely, all those things are rolled throughout the company now, but we stopped branding it. We just realized it worked better as just part of the capability of our normal website. I really can't give you what I think the other things will be that – the capabilities that we'll add going forward, other than we're working really hard to try and make sure that customers can do whatever part of the transaction that they want to do from home, we want to make sure we give them that capability. So that's kind of where we're focusing. We want to improve their experience. We want to make sure we have the best search engine, we want to make sure we have the best touch screen experience, and we want to make sure we have the best mobile experience. And the other thing I would say is we need to hold ourselves to a standard of the experiences that people have in other parts of their lives and not just their experience that they have when they're shopping for a car. So the bar has definitely been raised as it relates to experiences online and experiences with mobile devices, but we're working real hard to stay out in front of it.
Matt R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And just a quick follow-up. I'm just wondering if you can give us a quick update on the small-store, small-market format.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I think we mentioned we were going to open five stores, read the results for some period of time, and then evaluate our plan going forward. On the last call, I mentioned that we feel very confident in the way we've performed so far. And if you look at our growth plans going forward, the 13 to 16 stores over the next few years, embedded in that will be small-format stores. So we've identified right now at least 80 markets that meet that criteria, and that will be part of our regular growth program going forward. Last month, the store that I mentioned in Gainesville, Florida is a little bit of a hybrid. It has a small-format front end, which means we operate it with the overhead structure that we've created for the small-format stores, but we have a full production shop in the back. So we're always going to be working on our formats and try to find out what's the most efficient way to want to run a store at various volumes. And we have incredible variation and incredible capabilities as a company to be able to go after just about any market now. We can open a market with selling as few as 75 cars a month, and we can run stores that sell as many as 1,000 cars a month. So I'm really proud of what we've accomplished in being able to address all kinds of different market sizes.
Matt R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: It sounds like they're working. That's great news, thanks so much.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks a lot. My primary question relates to the wholesale business. Obviously, units will show volatility from time to time, and the profitability of the wholesale business was terrific. But the unit growth and the ratio of wholesale to used sold was a little bit lower than we had seen. So any insights as to what drove that this quarter and how you're thinking about the wholesale business generally this year?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Matt, I've talked about this a number of times. I really don't worry about the wholesale business in any given quarter. We think about it over a very long period of time. If you look at it over a long period of time, it has essentially grown with unit sales. We're not worried at all that it's – it grew 5%. I'm glad that it grew 5%. It's a very, very big business for us. It's a very profitable business for us. It requires an incredible amount of effort in the stores. You think about every time we open up a new production store. And even in a new market, we've got to run another business within it. We have to have great customer service. We have to attract dealers to our auctions every day, and we have to give those dealers a great experience because they have other choices and they can go other places. So again, it's a big business. It grew 5% in the quarter, not quite what the retail growth was. But as you've been following us for a long time, you've seen that number dramatically in the other direction as well sometimes. So we're really thinking about that business over the long haul. And also, as you know, that business is not an independent business. It's attached to retail. Almost all the cars sold in wholesale are direct acquisitions from consumers, many of those who are buying cars from us, so we have to make sure that we're competitive. So I was very pleased with the quarter for wholesale.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And, Katharine, hopefully you won't count this follow-up as an actual question. But just the stock comp, you have – you now disclose three or four sub-categories within SG&A. Does the stock comp number spread amongst the four of them, or is it focused in compensation?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's all in compensation.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you so much, guys.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Matt, one more point on that. Almost all the variability in our stock-based compensation expense is non-executive comp, just to make that point.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And it seems like, since you offered, it seems like on a per-vehicle basis, when you exclude stock comp, the delta was actually quite favorable, pretty well controlled year on year.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Exactly. And remember, carrying – that's with 16 more stores in the base than were there last year, which as you know, in the early part of their life story is very SG&A inefficient until they grow to where we expect them to grow. And we've always said, we think we need mid to high single-digit comps to get some leverage there. I was really pleased with the way SG&A ran during the quarter.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks so much.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Montani of Evercore ISI.
Michael David Montani - Evercore ISI: Hey, good morning. I just wanted to ask first off on vehicle demographics, if you could share the penetration of zero to four-year-old vehicles. I think it was 75% last quarter and growing pretty nicely. So could you just update us there on what you're seeing?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: For the quarter, it was 76%. And you mentioned 75% was in the fourth quarter, and that's on top of 73% the year prior. So I think pre-recession, that number was 85%, and then coming out of the recession it was 70%. So yes, we've seen some shifting back towards. We've been expecting this with the shifting in supply, with the change in the SAAR. But from quarter to quarter, it was relatively flat from the fourth quarter to this quarter.
Michael David Montani - Evercore ISI: Thanks. And just to follow up on that, if I could, you mentioned that the buy rate was a little bit lower this quarter. Can you just share with us what's going on to drive that? Is there anything from a pricing dynamic that's impacting you in any way there, and also what the penetration is of retail used units that were from the appraisal lane this quarter?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It was still a pretty good number. We're buying around 30%. That's pretty good for us. It's modest fluctuations in the buy rate. We called it out only because it was there, but it's not something that I really can add any color to because I don't think there was much to it.
Michael David Montani - Evercore ISI: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy of Bank of America.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. This is actually Liz Suzuki on for John. With the loan charge-off rates running lower than expected, do you think half would be comfortable taking on a little more risk in expanding that sub-prime test even further?
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think the two are actually unrelated. We're looking at the subprime test almost as a different line of business with a different pool of credit. And as we've talked about before, we're constantly testing within our core CAF business different pockets of credit, both pricing and what we'll approve on an ongoing basis. And to the extent it makes sense and we keep the profile of the portfolio intact, then we'll roll those things out. As far as the current environment having an impact on that, these are anywhere from five to six-year loans. And I think the results in any one quarter or a couple of quarters aren't going to – aren't anything to go out and swing your credit policy for what you're going to be collecting in five years.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That makes sense. What do you attribute those lower loss rates to this quarter?
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The losses are really a combination of how many people are going bad and how many – how well we're doing recovering funds from those loans that have gone bad. And we've had some success in doing a little bit better on the recovery side, but the vast majority of what we're seeing in loss performance is that just fewer people are going bad. And I think that's not inconsistent with what's going on in the lending industry in general right now, at least, at the higher credit level.
Elizabeth Lane Suzuki - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aram Rubinson of Wolfe Research.
Chris J. Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, this is actually Chris Bottiglieri on for Aram. I had a quick question on the direct operating expenses within CAF. You've done a very nice job of managing it over time. But it seemed to slow a little bit in Q4, but now in Q1, came back down a percentage of AR. So I want to think about how you manage that over time as you continue to grow your book. And two, if the subprime test proves successful, like what does that mean for your direct expenses within CAF? Thank you.
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We try to manage those expenses over time as efficiently as we can. Unfortunately, it's not only our activity that impact that. And so if you think about what's entailed in the finance business, there's a lot of activity contacting customers. If you're in an environment where people are less delinquent and there's fewer losses that – and fewer people not paying, which we are today, that means you're making less calls. It probably needs less resource to do that. If the world changes and you got to pay more attention and be making more calls, that will have an impact on your costs. But I think the team down at CAF has done a great job of getting more efficient in both those types of environments, and we'll try to continue to do so. And as far as Tier 3, as we roll that out, to the extent we roll that out, you would expect that it's a more high-touch business and it would have some impact on CAF's overhead costs. But we're not at a point where we can forecast that for you.
Chris J. Bottiglieri - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, cool. Thanks, guys.
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hoselton of KeyBanc.
Irina Hodakovsky - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you, good morning. It's actually Irina Hodakovsky up for Brett Hoselton. A quick question for you, guys, on the used vehicle sourcing. We've been expecting an acceleration in off-lease supply to drive that supply of zero to four-year-old car inventory. And what I'm seeing is on the industry reports, on the certified vehicle sales, we're seeing double-digit increase through March, 11% up, and your increase is substantially below that. And I'm wondering if you are not getting those cars yet or if there is some sort of a bottleneck in inventory supply, or any commentary you can give us on what you're seeing in terms of zero to four-year-old vehicle supply coming in.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You can't just look at CPO by itself. You have to look at total comps for the industry. If you look at the average of all the publicly traded new car dealers, used comps during the first quarter were at 5%, so about in line with where we were. Within that is where you see the growth in CPO, so there is a distinction there that you have to make. Lease percentage right now, I think, in the new car industry is somewhere around 30%. And when you see that supply coming back is really two years and three years later after you see a high lease percentage. So I'm not sure that we've seen much of it yet, but it's never been a problem for us to source cars. And when cars are at a high lease percentage, when you look out two years and three years later, generally, they're more organized at the auction, so it's a little easier for us actually to buy those cars when we see them come back to the marketplace. But we really haven't seen lease percentage change our ability to source cars over time, and we've been at this for over 20 years. So we actually think it's not a bad thing at all that there's a higher percentage of leases right now. And over the next two years or three years, that'll give us more access to those cars.
Irina Hodakovsky - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong of C.L. King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Your weighted average contract rate for CAF was 7.4% versus 7.2% a year ago. Was there a mix going on there or are you seeing overall interest rates that you're getting from consumers starting to go up?
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I wouldn't really read too much into that much of a lift. But as I've said, we've been in environments where rates are going down. We always want to make sure we're standing with the market; and in environments where we went to – rates going up, we want to be tested as well. So we have been doing some tests with increased rates in certain pockets, but like I said, I wouldn't read much into the difference in the – the weighted average contract is pretty consistent.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And remember, we're very market-driven with a three-day guarantee for our customers to go get a better loan somewhere else and we unwind it free of cost. So that is a kind of a check and balance on how much rate we can actually get out of our consumers. But we think it's a huge competitive advantage that not only CarMax Auto Finance, but all of our other lenders as well, provide customers that opportunity to go get a better deal somewhere else, if they'd like, in the first three business days and get out of it at no cost whatsoever. So it's a good check and balance, but it's a great offering for the consumer.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Right, understood, and then just a quick follow-up. Could you tell us what your originations were for the quarter for your CAF subprime test?
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's about $15 million. As we talked about at the end of last year, we're comfortable continuing at that pace of about 5% of the Tier 3 originations. I think we're just under $90 million in total originations to-date now.
William R. Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Levin of Deutsche Bank.
Mike L. Levin - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Just to kind of follow up on CAF. We've been expecting to see the collateral spreads kind of tighten gradually over time, but the last three quarters would be kind of holding steady at about 6.3%. Does this kind of feel like a near-term equilibrium that you guys are seeing, or would you expect to see some contraction as we kind of move forward and the Fed moves rates?
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I think you hit the nail on the head. We're going to – it's going to depend on what goes on with rates. As we've talked about before, our ability to manage that spread is very much market-driven. And to the extent we see cost of funds going up with – because benchmarks are moving up, we'll clearly test and see what we can manage that spread to, but it's going to be driven by what the market will bear and what our competitors are doing, and what makes sense for the customer. So it's very hard to speculate on it. We have seen spread compression if you look year over year. We just managed to outgrow that from an income perspective with growth in the portfolio overall, some larger originations in those prior years, and some favorable loss performance the recent quarters.
Mike L. Levin - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson of Stephens.
N. Richard Nelson - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. The CFPB now oversees the large non-bank auto finance and provided CAF I assume is under their jurisdiction. Are there any changes required from an operating standpoint or a cost standpoint now that you've got this oversight?
Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think the short answer is yes, we do expect there to be greater cost in administration. Now the flipside of that is the announcement last week didn't tell us anything new from what we've been planning for quite some time. As we've expected all along, capital will be subject to the bureau's supervisory authority as a larger participant. The definition of larger participant isn't really that large. It's about 10,000 loans a year in originations. So the vast majority of auto lenders are subject to it. But I think what it means for us is we're going to continue, as we have been, to refine our compliance program and meet the bureau's expectation. We're paying careful attention to industry developments and looking at our practices. Every time we see it, we learn more about what the bureau is interested in and making sure that we're doing our best to comply with what we think they want to see. But in answer to your question, there and going to be some administrative costs around that just, like we expect with the Dodd-Frank Reg AB II. With the extended reporting requirements, it will be a cost of doing business, and we'll let you know what it is if it's material when the time comes.
N. Richard Nelson - Stephens, Inc.: Got you. Thanks, good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham of Wedbush.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Seth.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: My question is around conversion. Tom, you mentioned improved conversion helping comps. But how do those levels of improvement compared to recent quarters?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's another one that's been pretty volatile over time. And I still think of it as you have to look at it over a much longer period of time. And I've always felt that over time, we would get our comp sales improvement from a combination of traffic and conversion. So there have been quarters where conversion has outpaced traffic, and there have been quarters where traffic has outpaced conversion. In this particular quarter, we said it was divided between the two to deliver the 5% comp, but there's volatility in both of those things and I expect it to be volatile going forward, but I think over a long period of time I expect to get improvements out of both. So I'm not sure I really answered your question, but I can tell you we've had quarters where conversion improvement has been higher than this quarter, but we've had some quarters where we've been flat or behind as well. So really you have to look at it over a much longer period of time. I don't think one quarter is a good proxy for the long term, although in this quarter we had a little from both.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got you. Just as a follow-up maybe, is there anything you can point to in terms of the trends in conversion rates in certain sectors of your customer population, whether it be credit tiers or otherwise and whether or not inventory levels are affecting conversion, those types of things?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's a really good question. We spend a lot of time trying to figure that out and we don't have a lot of success. So I'd say it comes from all kinds of different areas. There's an argument that people are more prepared when they show up at the store because they've spent more time on our website. There's an argument for more inventory for selection for the customer. You can clearly see impacts from movements in credit that impact conversion as well. We have extensive training programs going on in our stores in all areas of the company, which I think help conversion of course. We can buy cars a little bit better, have the right selection at individual stores even without having more cars. So we always say around here conversion is a very big word and it includes lots of things. So I really can't attribute specific points to any one of them.
Seth M. Basham - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: All right, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston of Morningstar.
David Whiston - Morningstar Research: Thanks, good morning, more of a strategic question for you. We're in a rather robust part of the economic cycle, and I'm sure you're always optimistic about all phases of the company. But in particular, given where we are in the cycle, what parts of your business you think you're most excited about over let's say the next 12 months?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: As you said, we're excited about all parts of our business. I think for me it's two things. It's the ability to continuously improve our existing store base, which has gotten quite large, and then our ability to enter new markets successfully, whether they're small markets or medium-sized markets or metro markets, and then to be able to deliver a consumer offer that has all kinds of advantages against the competition that allow us to continue to succeed. So I'm really excited about the core business. In the last several months, I visited lots of ours stores that have been around for 15 and 20 years, some are hitting all-time highs in sales. And then I've been to some of our new grand openings, and it always gets me excited to see how engaged people are to come and work for CarMax and deliver a great consumer offer. So again, for me it's continuing to grow the existing stores and then being able to go after new markets as well.
David Whiston - Morningstar Research: That's helpful. And then just one other question. It's been tax refund time recently. I'm just curious, did you see a meaningful uptick in business with these other tax refund seasons or is it a little down or flat?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're really well past tax refund season now. For us, that's January, February, March timeframe. And over the last couple of years, we've seen some volatility around timing from just tax refunds, in general. But whatever you would've seen from tax refunds, you would've already seen in our business through the fourth quarter and then now that the first quarter is over. So it's always a big-time year for us particularly coming out of the winter and we had a big year this year as well.
David Whiston - Morningstar Research: Okay, thank you.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paresh Jain of Morgan Stanley.
Paresh B. Jain - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone. Just following up on the question on millennials and tech. CarMax has always led with technology and transparency in this business, but there is some serious money being spent by these peer-to-peer business models and they're gaining a lot of traction in millennials as well. And we've talked about this earlier and you said you're keeping a close eye on these models. And while you may not see them as direct competitors, is that an opportunity missed or is it something who can push you in the near future? And if so how quickly you can do that?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's a good question and I have the same answer as before. We're keeping a close eye on it and we'll decide if that's something we need to go after. As of this moment, we're not heading down the peer-to-peer path. But if you really think about the way CarMax works, the fact that we make a cash offer on every car is enabling a lot of peer-to-peer transactions and some of those are coming through us that would have otherwise gone peer-to-peer. So a customer who normally would have put their car online and be – or have put up in their yard and put a for-sale sign on it, now they're bringing a lot of those customers. They're bringing their cars directly to us and sell it to us. So it may not be exactly the way you're thinking of it, but I think we're getting plenty of customers who would have gone through the peer-to-peer channel and are deciding to sell their car directly to CarMax.
Paresh B. Jain - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Very well. And just a quick follow-up, would you rule out an acquisition of that kind in this space or would you do it organically?
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're evaluating all different options and we're open to any way that makes our business better and delivers a better return for our shareholders.
Paresh B. Jain - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of James Albertine of Stifel Nicolaus.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I was hoping and I apologize if I missed it in prepared remarks or another question, I dialed in a few minutes late. But hoping to get an update on the vehicle transfer activity, so the propensity for consumers to order a vehicle from outside their home market and have it shipped to their closest store. And then as a follow-up, any insight you could provide near term on sort of retail activity, particularly given some of the storms and flooding that we've been hearing in the Texas and sort of southern regions? Thanks.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So on the first question, that number has been around 30% for quite a long time now. But that's a big number. We sold 600,000 cars last year, which means we transfer roughly 200,000 cars at the customer's request to the store near them and then sold the car. So we're transferring as many cars or more than anybody else at the customer's request when they see a great presentation of that car through our website. With 40 high-definition pictures and zoom capability, I think we'll continue to make progress there, but the number has been relatively flat. But again, it's a very, very big number. In terms of our regional differences, we never comment on regional differences. The only thing I'd tell you is I continue to be very proud of our CarMax team whenever we have a disaster in any area that involves large-scale loss of products. We're able to be there for the consumer when they are ready to buy something else. And we also are a place where people can get rid of their cars, whether they – if a car is flood-damaged or hail damaged, we still make an offer on the car. We turn around and wholesale that car. We won't retail one of those cars, but we still are there for the consumer when they need us in markets that have some trouble. But I can't really comment on any differences in performance.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great, thanks again.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to the speakers for closing remarks.
Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, being there are no further questions, I want to thank everybody for your interest in CarMax and for joining us on the call today. And I especially want to thank our over 22,000 CarMax associates nationwide for all you do every day to make CarMax such a success. And we'll talk to you guys next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-04-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - VP, IR Tom Folliard - President and CEO Tom Reedy - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Craig Kennison - Baird Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs James Albertine - Stifel Aram Rubinson - Wolfe Research Michael Montani - Evercore ISI Seth Basham - Wedbush Rick Nelson - Stephens Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley David Whiston - Morningstar Michael Levin - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions].  Thank you; and Ms. Katharine Kenny, you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you, Jennifer, and good morning. Thank you all for joining our fiscal 2015 fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. As always, on the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2014, a new one will be out shortly, filed with the SEC. Before I turn over to Tom, I just want to ask you all to remember to please ask only one question and a follow-up before getting back in queue, so everyone has a chance to ask a question. Thank you. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning everyone, thanks for joining the call today. As you saw by now, we had both a record fourth quarter and a record fiscal year. During the year, total revenues grew to more than $14 billion and we sold nearly 1 million total vehicles, more than 591,000 retail cars and 376,000 wholesale cars through our in-store auctions. Here are some of the key highlights for the year; used unit comps, up 4% and total used units grew by over 10%. Wholesale vehicle gross profit, up 16%, driven by a 10% increase in units sold, and an increase in wholesale gross profit per unit of $54 per car. CAF income up 9% to more than $367 million, Tom will give some more details on that in a moment. Excluding the items we highlighted in the press release, net income for the fiscal year increased 16% and EPS grew 21%. Our data indicates, that for the calendar year 2014, we increased our share of the zero to 10 year old used vehicle market by approximately 5%. We also continue to focus on returning value to shareholders through our stock repurchase program. During fiscal 2015, we bought back 17.5 million shares at a cost of a little over $900 million. Since we began the program in fiscal 2013, we have purchased more than 30 million shares. Now on to some of the key drivers for the fourth quarter, used unit comps, up 7%, driven by an increase in traffic, as well as an improvement in conversion. Total used units grew by 12%. Wholesale gross profit, up 22%, reflecting a 12% increase in units sold, and an increase of $83 in gross profit per unit. GAAP quarterly income up 12% to $90 million, and again, excluding the items we shared in the press release, net income for the fourth quarter increased 20%, and earnings per share up 28%. With that, I will turn it over to Tom, and he will give you some details around CAF. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thanks Tom. Good morning everybody. CAF recorded another solid year, with 9% income growth to $367 million, and growth in average managed receivables of 19%. As Tom mentioned, in the fourth quarter, CAF income was $90.4 million, up 12% compared to fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, and Q4 average managed receivables grew 18%, to $8.3 billion. CAF's weighted average contract rate, that rate that we charge to customers, was flat to last year's fourth quarter at 7.2%. This rate continues to be relatively stable, at around 7% for the past couple of years. The allowance for loan losses grew to about $82 million, this represents 1% of managed receivables, which is relatively consistent with last year but during the quarter and the year CAF income did benefit from favorable loss experience. CAF net penetration was 40.9% compared to 40.1% in last year's fourth quarter. This figure includes originations from our subprime test, and if you back out those originations, this quarter's penetration would have been 40.2%, which is similar to last year. Net loan dollars originated in the quarter rose 16% to $1.2 billion, due to a combination of CarMax's unit sales growth, our modestly higher penetration and a small increase in the average amount financed. Finally, we intend to continue with our subprime test. Recall that our primary goal for this investment, was to gain knowledge regarding this space, and we expect these learnings will prove invaluable. While performance to-date is in line with our expectations, we believe allowing the receivables to [indiscernible] deeper into their life, including maturing through a full tax season, will better equip us to assess our long term strategy. On average, the terms of these contracts is nearly 70 months, and at fiscal year end, the average time on our books for loans is less than seven months. We are comfortable continuing to originate at the current target volume which is 5% of CarMax's subprime sales or a little less than 2% of CAF originations. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you. As far as mix of sales, sales of zero to four year old vehicles grew to approximately 75% of our total sales, the same as the third quarter by over five percentage points higher than last year's fourth quarter. Sales of SUVs and trucks as a percentage was similar to last year. SG&A for the quarter, increased approximately 11% to $330 million, contributing to this growth, was the addition of 18 stores, since the beginning of the fourth quarter of last year, and a $9 million increase in share based compensation expense. On a per unit basis, SG&A decreased $23 to $2186 compared to $2,209 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. During the fourth quarter, we opened one store in our new Cleveland market, in Katharine's hometown. Since the fourth quarter, we opened two more stores, one in Minneapolis, a new market for CarMax, and one yesterday in Turnersville, New Jersey, which is part of our Philadelphia market. In addition to these two, we plan to open 12 more stores in fiscal 2016, plus the relocation of our store in Rockville, Maryland. In regards to our small format test, we have now opened five stores, and as a group, they are performing at or above our expectations. We expect the small format stores to be a part of our store openings going forward. Of our 14 store openings in fiscal 2016, there will be three small format, including our first small format front store, with full production capability in the back, and that will be in Gainesville, Florida. Also, we now plan to open between 13 and 16 stores annually over the next three years. Store traffic, was up once again in the quarter, and our web traffic also continued to expand. For the fourth quarter, average monthly web visits grew over 9% compared to last year's fourth quarter, to over 14.5 million visits, and visits to our mobile site now represent approximately 32% of the total, while visits utilizing our mobile app, represent another 16% of the total. And with that, we will open it up for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Hi good morning.
Tom Folliard: Hi Brian.
Brian Nagel: Congratulations on a nice quarter and a nice year.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Brian Nagel: So I have got just a couple of questions here; a question and then I guess a follow-up. First off, just a point of clarification, you mentioned the subprime test and the continuation of that test. So are you now planning to go above the prior stated $70 million size in the test? And then if so, how should we think about -- I guess there could be the new volume relative to that initial goal…
Tom Reedy: Hey, Brian, I am sorry if I wasn't clear, but I think in the release we say we did $72 million up to the end of fiscal 2015. So that's what we did through the year. What I said is, we are comfortable continuing at the same pace, which is about 5% of the subprime business that CarMax does. So if subprime continues to be a similar number of our sales as last year, it’ll be a similar pace of volume for us.
Brian Nagel: Okay. That's helpful, thank you. Also on this follow-up; also on the subprime business, if you look at not just what you originate but what your partners originate as well, any commentary there about the willingness of your partners to lend -- I guess couple of quarters, where we saw some type of disruption, just look a lot of rumblings of the market with what's going on out there. Are you seeing any shifts at all in the willingness of your partners to lend subprime based accounts?
Tom Reedy: Well I think, if you look year-over-year, we are at 17 versus 17.6 as a percent of subprime in the business. Last year's fourth quarter is when we really first started feeling any changes in behavior. And as I mentioned, I think on the last call, we have seen pretty consistent behavior out of our partners for the last several quarters. The key thing that we are looking at, is the quality of their offers, and what that translates into, just how many of the customers that receive offers from them, actually convert to a sale. Our subprime partners cannot control the nature of what's coming into them, because the tier-2 lenders are looking at it ahead of time, and have the first look at that. So on the basis of conversions of offers, we assume their behavior would be very consistent, and we are very happy with their performance.
Brian Nagel: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. So I think, this might be -- in the press release you indicated you're doing 15 remodels this year, and one relo. And I don't really remember any remodeling program at CarMax; can you talk about kind of what you expect to do on the remodels if there is anything operationally that that will affect, or if it’s more cosmetic? And then the relo, just where is that, and is there the opportunity for more relos in the CarMax system?
Tom Folliard: Sure. So first of all, over our history, we have constantly spent capital on keeping our stores up-to-date and renovating them over time. Since we launched the next-gen concept, I forget, four or five years ago now, we have now gone back in, and we are applying some of those technology changes with some more digital screens and some digital capabilities in the store. As well as open seating, which we really had prior to next gen, but we think it’s a much more efficient use of floor space. And so the conversions are a little more extensive than they have been, because we are doing a combination of technology and converting, whether its cubes or offices into floor space, we just finished converting our Richmond store and it looks fantastic and that's the oldest store in the chain. I think we completed three or four of these types of conversions, and they're a little bit more expensive than the money that would have been spent. So we just thought we would call it out, and we plan to do another 17 this year. In terms of operational changes, it doesn't change much operationally, but I think it provides a better experience for our customers, and a better working environment for our associates as well. So we have been pretty pleased with what we have done so far, and we will gauge the results going forward, and see how much more aggressively we want to spend. In terms of the relo, that's our Rockville store; our Rockville store was originally a competitor who built a kind of a copycat. It’s a very small footprint. I think it’s only on five acres or so, and it has been a very successful store for us. This is just a situation where the lease was up for renewal, and we took the opportunity to move -- we are really only moving a short distance away from that store, to a much bigger facility, and that store has been very successful for us. But it was really undersized the whole time we had it. At this time, we don't have any other plans for relos, this one was just more opportunistic as the lease came up.
Sharon Zackfia: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys. How are you?
Tom Folliard: Good. You Scot?
Scot Ciccarelli: Good, thanks. So I think the last couple of quarters, you talked about tier-2 becoming a bit more aggressive, in terms of their lending, and that was -- subprime penetration was starting to moderate a little bit. But subprime penetration has kind of rebounded, at least sequentially the last two quarters. Does that mean tier-2s pull back a bit, or should we just see that as more overall credit availability, when you look at the overall market?
Tom Reedy: Hi Scot, this is Tom. I think you’re better to viewing it as Tier-3 stabilizing versus reading anything into overall credit availability. Tier-2 is still doing very strong for us, and we said we are happy with our partners. We brought in some new partners, we have a really good diverse stable of finance partners in tier-2 and it’s performing well for us.
Scot Ciccarelli: Can you give us an idea kind of what tier-2 is going on penetration rate, kind of on a year-over-year basis Tom?
Tom Reedy: Clearly, what we have seen is something in a low 40s for CarMax auto finance, and we have said 20% to 25% gets financed outside the CarMax system, and the rest being kind of split between tier-2 and tier-3. I'd say that in the current environment we are looking at kind of the lower end of that 20% to 25% for other, and tier-2 and tier-3 are doing 35 -- we said tier-3 was at 17, so that gives you a pretty good flavor.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Tom Folliard: Thanks Scot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Baird.
Craig Kennison: Yeah, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. First, could you just give us the buy-rate, if you did not provide that in the quarter? And then second, related to your ad spending, it appears to have declined after four quarters of strong growth. How should we think about ad spending going forward, and what are your key priorities for marketing under your leadership there?
Tom Folliard: What was the first part again?
Craig Kennison: The buy rate?
Tom Folliard: Sorry. Buy rate was right around 30%, very similar to last year, and in terms of ad spend, we did a Super Bowl last year, we did not do a Super Bowl this year. So some of that -- most of the change is just the subtraction of Super Bowl year-over-year. But in terms of kind of a regular scheduled spend, it was in line with what we were trying to accomplish.
Craig Kennison: And any change in priorities, under the new leadership?
Tom Folliard: We are making a lot of changes, and we are evaluating how best to spend our money, but that will be an ongoing process for us. So continued strong effort on TV, we are pretty much out of print, and have been for a long time, and continuing to try to optimize our paid search, as well as trying to improve our SEO, our search engine optimization through organic search. And continuing to test using outside partners as well. So, you know, a similar mix, but we will see what happens going forward.
Craig Kennison: Great. Congratulations.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew (sic) Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: Good morning. It's Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Tom Folliard: Good morning Michael.
Matthew Fassler: Go figure. My primary question here relates to wholesale. So you had -- from what I can tell is, the highest level of wholesale profitability per vehicle you've ever had in the fourth quarter. You also had the biggest year-on-year increase in wholesale gross profit per vehicle that you've had in about five years. Just curious whether there is anything in the backdrop other than your stellar execution, that would lead to that kind of pop in the wholesale profit number?
Tom Folliard: First, thank you for calling our execution stellar. And you know, really good execution continues to build year-over-year. You're right, it’s the first fourth quarter we have ever had, that exceeded $1,000 in profit per car. We have had two first quarters that have done that in the past. But, as our reputation builds, it’s a great place for dealers to come and buy this type of product. I think our stores do a great job of marketing, and we are – it’s always a balancing act between wholesale margin and making sure we have a very strong buy rate. Remember, lots of the customers that are selling us these cars are also buying a car from us. So a good barometer for how fair we are being with our customers with our buy rate, which I just mentioned was very strong at 30%. So again this is -- wholesale is always at balance with retail. It’s never a standalone business that can be managed separately. You always have to pay attention to what's happening on the retail side. So I am really proud of the stores and how well they have executed. We have some stores that are particularly tight on space, and have to manage running -- some stores running two auctions a week out in California, and we have just started -- the stores have done a fantastic job of managing relationships and making sure we get great attendance. And that has lead to a great performance.
Matthew Fassler: Has the fact that prices based on some of the Mannheim indices have been particularly resilient, maybe that surprisingly so, kind of been part of the profitability story here, or would you say that it’s independent of that?
Tom Folliard: No, I think that's a factor too. And usually at this time of the year, coming out of the winter, you start to see some movement up in the Mannheim index, and we se that as well. So that's always a little bit of a tailwind for us, in terms of margin, when we see an appreciating market. I don't think it was up that much in the last report, but it’s typically a time of the year, when we see some appreciation.
Matthew Fassler: And then, just a follow-up and hopefully you will consider this a public service request, rather than a question. Just a little bit of color on the capitalized interest add back and just what that number is, why it would have looked different this quarter versus prior quarters?
Tom Reedy: Hey Matt, the only thing we'd really say about that, is it was a miss on our part. We are required to capitalize interest on construction projects and it netted against other interest expense. So as you saw, it was 8.9 in Q4, 6.9 of that related to periods before Q4 this year. Look back at other periods, and it made the determination that the impact is not material on any earlier period. So it’s just something we will be doing going forward, but it was a miss.
Matthew Fassler: So some of it shut up in prior periods, and you shut it here, it’s a catch-up if you will?
Tom Reedy: Yes.
Matthew Fassler: Got it. Thank you so much.
Tom Reedy: And that it all would have been in this year.
Matthew Fassler: Understood.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of James Albertine with Stifel.
James Albertine: Great. Thanks for taking the question, and congratulations as well. I just had a quick sort of housekeeping; I noticed your cash balance as one of the lowest you have had in quite some time, and in light of the store growth and the renovations and remodels and everything you're working from on that perspective. Is that something that's temporary or how should we think about that from the fourth quarter?
Tom Reedy: I mean, as far as the cash balance goes, I can kind of walk you through what we did this year. If you look -- we went through $600 million in cash plus took out a $300 million term loan, that's $900 million of stock buyback during the year was a little bit greater than $917 million. So what that means is, all the other spend that we had during the year, CapEx, needs for CAF and inventory, which again totaled another $900 million, were covered by cash flow in the core business. So as far as liquidity goes, I mean, we are in an environment where we feel pretty good about our banks allowing us to step up and live up to their commitments on our revolving credit facility, a $1 billion facility. We will manage with some amount of liquidity that we can run the business with. I think the decline in the cash balance was planned and deliberate, and the business is still generating lot of cash. And if you look kind of closely at it, it reflects that.
Tom Folliard: And we sought them in the past about moving towards a more optimal capital structure, so this is just us kind of delivering on stuff that we have already talked about.
James Albertine: Very good. Just a quick follow-up if I may; any thoughts on the Wells Fargo announcement with the capping of subprime loans; and if we start to see that elsewhere, how should we sort of think about that probably over the market? Thanks.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, I am always hesitant to talk about anything outside of CarMax with regards to subprime, because everybody thinks about subprime differently. And if you recall, Wells Fargo is not one of our -- what we call our subprime partners, but I am sure in the Tier-2 space, they originate loans that some people would define as subprime. So that's one thing; I mean, that's really an evidence of why keep a diverse stable of partners, to make sure that our customers have access to financing and access to give credit offers at all times, and I think we feel like we are in a pretty good shape there. Also historically, we believe that our partners have opted to direct volume towards CarMax, at the expense of other places, because they like the origination channel, the clarity of information and the knowledge about what the asset is really worth, etcetera. So we have observed in tough times before, that we felt we were less impacted than other folks. Who knows what that means going forward, but that's probably as much color as I can give you.
James Albertine: Good. Thanks again, and good luck.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aram Rubinson with Wolfe Research.
Aram Rubinson: Hey everybody. Good morning and terrific results. Question for you on the technology, if it’s okay. I think you said your web traffic was up 9%, I know a lot of retailers have web traffic up a lot more than their own sales. And so irrespective of that, I am hoping you can give us a little lens or window into kind of technology, as you're using it incrementally to run your own business and enable sales; and also, maybe from the competitive standpoint, what you're seeing out there in terms of technology or apps or things like that, that might be causing any pressure down the road?
Tom Folliard: Thanks Aram. So we have used technology at our stores from the very beginning, and a combination of things, both for our associates and for our customers. So we employ a lot of use of data, and the ability to deliver that data back to our employees. At the moment, they need it to make good decisions. We have lots of ability to track customers through the process and make future decisions based on that. So I think we have done a pretty good job of utilizing technology in our stores, so that our associates can deliver a great customer experience. In terms of customer facing, it’s something that we continue to invest in and we will continue to invest in more, going forward. We want to make sure that we can communicate with our customers. However it is that they want to communicate with us. I have talked in the past about being a little bit behind in terms of mobile. We will continue to invest there. We have made lots of improvements over time to our pictures and the quality of our pictures. We used to take one to nine, we are up to around 40. We have high definition pictures, we have zoom capability, we have adjusted our landing pages to be more personalized, and we will continue to make some efforts in that regard as well. And I think you will see us do a lot more stuff, as it relates to mobile, and touch screen. Its -- more than 50% of our total hits to our web site are now coming from either a mobile device or a tablet, and its something that we need to make sure that the customer has a fantastic experience, if they want to communicate with us in that format. So those are the kinds of things we continue to invest in, and we have tested online capabilities, which is a lot -- you see a lot of niche-y type of things from various -- whether they're competitors, or people who enable our competitors; things such as online current applications which we are testing, the ability to transfer our car from one location to another, without speaking to our sales consultant; the ability to put a credit card payment down to have those cards transferred, which we are doing. You can go online and put a car on hold, you can make an appointment with our sales consultant. So we have done a lot of stuff, to make sure customers can do more and more of the process from home. They can fill out a good chunk of the paperwork before they show up at our store. But all these things, are the types of stuff that we need to continue to invest then. But I think we have made a lot of nice progress, but we got a long way to go.
Aram Rubinson: Sounds like you're not resting on your laurels. Thanks a lot.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Aram.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI.
Michael Montani: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask about productivity in terms of used units sold per dealership. And I guess, the way I was thinking about it is, pre-recession, you guys averaged about 4,800 units, which was well over of 4,000 of zero to four year old cars, by my math. Just looking ahead in coming years, we think the supply of zero to four year old vehicles is going to grow by about 25%, 30% over the next five or six years, and ultimately could drive a 10% to 15% tailwinded throughput. Can you just comment on that at all, about what maybe what some of the risks are to that, or if there's something that improvement missing? And then secondarily, I'd just love to get your thoughts around profitability on a dealership level, if you're able to get that kind of throughput, any structural impediments to retail EBIT margins going up in that environment?
Tom Reedy: First on your comment about throughput annualized of zero to four year old cars, we never adjust zero to four year old cars, we have always been zero to 10. So it’s a much broader spectrum of vehicles than you stated there. That number did change over time, as I stated in my comments; zero to four year old cars represent 75% of our sales, that was 70% just a couple of years ago, so it has moved by about five points. But you kind of have to look at a much broader spectrum of inventory to look at total sales fro CarMax. And it does look like, you would see a supply movement in zero to four, just base don movement in zero to four, just based on movement in SAR, and as I said before, we have historically had higher share in the zero to four year old segment. So is there a potential tailwind, probably, but the other factor there is consumer behavior, and will they trade out cars as much as they used to and you have population growth and new drivers and things like that. So there is lots of different variables and factors, and I don't think you can just say, we expect whatever the number you said, 20% or 10%, I forget what number you said there. But I don't think we can just expect that as an increase in sales. In terms of how do the stores handle it, we have been able to deliver exceptionally high volumes out of some pretty limited space in our stores, and all comp sales are more profitable than sales, once you've cleared all of your expenses. So it’s very-very profitable for the company to continue to deliver comp sales out of existing facilities, because a lot of your fixed overhead remains comp spending, really just have to add some variable overhead. So we are really pleased with the comps we delivered over the last couple of years. I think its one of the great parts of our business model, is that our stores continue to grow. As I said, we gained 5% share during the year, that's on top of a 17% share gain the year prior. But once again, that's over a zero to 10 year old car. So I think our stores are well primed to take advantage of supply increases as that translates to sales, and they are well positioned to turn that into better than average profits, because they are all on top of a base that's already covered fixed overhead.
Michael Montani: Thanks. Congratulations and good luck.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush.
Seth Basham: Good morning and thank you. My question is around comp sales growth. Tom, you spoke to traffic conversion driving the comp; maybe you can break that down, how much of it was traffic and how much was conversion? And related to that, what was driving the better conversion?
Tom Folliard: Seth, that's a good question. We get that frequently. It was roughly 50-50 in terms of conversion and traffic, and I always thought that over time, it will be 50-50. It doesn’t line up all the time, sometimes it all comes from conversion sometimes it all comes from traffic, this happens to be one where it maxed up. As we have looked at over a very long period of time and the way we think about it going forward is, I would like to be able to continue to increase traffic to our stores, and I'd like to be able to do better with the traffic that we have. And in terms of what are we doing to improve conversion, we have some really fantastic people in our stores that are dedicated and committed everyday to give the customer a great experience. We've tried to do a good job of providing additional training. Some of the stuff I talked about earlier in terms of technology as it relates to information and capabilities that our associates have, we have improved over the last several years, and plan to continue to improve going forward. So I really think it’s just a testament to our 20,000 dedicated employees in the stores who work really hard everyday to try to be more and more efficient, and give the customer a better experience. Hopefully, that turns into higher sales, and they in turn go and tell all their friends and become spokespeople for CarMax. It has worked for us in the past, and I expect it to keep working going forward.
Seth Basham: So [indiscernible] would you say there was any difference in the quality credit offers, or the credit availability that has affected the conversion trends over the last few quarters?
Tom Reedy: That's another thing that's constantly on the move. It’s a combination of what we do, a combination of what our partners do. I think Tom mentioned -- this was a relatively stable year, compared to some in the past, where we have seen some movements, whether its up or down from some of the lenders, we saw a big pullback during the recession, we saw some changes over the last coupled of years in subprime up or down. But this year has been relatively stable in terms of credit.
Seth Basham: Great. Thank you guys.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens.
Rick Nelson: How have franchise dealers have opened stores and your markets have -- you could comment there, the impact that they might be having, how you respond from a competitive standpoint and overall thoughts on those [indiscernible]?
Tom Folliard: Sure, thanks Rick. I know Sonic opened some stores in the Denver talking, and Asbury opened some stores in the Florida market. We are clearly more established in Florida, we have been there for a much longer period of time. Neither of those concepts have been open very long, so it’s very difficult for us to read any results or impacts at this time. When we have some, we will be happy to share it, but both of those concepts have been open for a very short period of time and I really can't comment on their performance.
Tom Reedy: I think Sonic has been open for less than six months, and Asbury has been open, I think around a year. So the stores are a little bit smaller than ours. Some of them are closer than others, but so far, it’s too early to comment.
Rick Nelson: In March here, you had talked about the move from zero to 10 year old bucket. Can you discuss where the gains are the biggest, and that sort of what your old bucket -- [indiscernible]?
Tom Folliard: You know Rick, I actually don't know the answer to that, I am not sure we are having that level of detail. We generally guess the whole market, you saw that we said it’s through calendar year this year. This is the data that we have bought, and the reason we have gone to yearly announcements is that data is very, I would call unstable in the short term. So we are pretty confident in the direction and the number, but in terms of dividing it very specifically, we haven't really done that.
Rick Nelson: Got you. Thanks a lot and good luck.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong: Good morning guys. I see that your average selling price for retail was down about $600 sequentially. Is that a function of mix, or are you seeing maybe some decline in pricing trends? And related to that, when you're out -- you're buying cars at auctions, what sort of trends are you seeing right now, in terms of supply and price trends?
Tom Folliard: Yes. That's mostly seasonality. We see a seasonal drop in the fourth quarter. Really fourth quarter over fourth quarter our average retails were up slightly. So not really much there. If you look at our mix sequentially of zero to four year old cars, didn't really move very much. It did move from this year's fourth quarter compared to last year's fourth quarter, by almost five points, which would lead you to believe that may be prices would go the other direction. So I think it’s more just a seasonal movement and nothing really else to read into there. In terms of what we are seeing at the auctions, this is the time of the year, when we always see appreciation in the marketplace, if you look at the most recent Mannheim Index, there really hasn't been very much movement. But if we were just thinking of it as a normal year, we would come out of January and head into the spring and expect some appreciation in the marketplace, probably into early summer, and then we would see a normal decline through the fall, if this is a normal year. But we don't like to make a lot of predictions about where the market is going to go, I think we have talked in the past about our ability to adjust and move and adapt to whatever the market brings to us, and we plan our inventory on a weekly basis. So what we are seeing right now in the wholesale marketplace is not really out of line with what we would have expected.
Bill Armstrong: There is a lot of anticipation I guess of -- an influx of more supply of the wholesale coming from off-lease vehicles and trade-ins etcetera. Are you guys seeing a more plentiful supply when you go to auctions every week or not necessarily?
Tom Folliard: Not necessarily. I mean, remember to that, leases that are originated in, I think lease percentages, is that a pretty high flip right now, somewhere around 30% in the industry. We won't see those cars for two or three years, so I think a lot of people look at lease percentages and think, oh you're going to see a big influx of cars, when its really two or three years down the road. And what we have seen in the past, and we have been at this for 20 years, and we have seen lease percentages in the 30, and we have seen lease percentages in the teens. What ends up happening is eventually those cars end up available for purchase, and we have done a nice job figuring how to have access to them.
Bill Armstrong: Okay got it. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: Morning everyone. Just a couple of questions. First, on the subprime pilot program. Just wanted to make sure that the extension doesn't really rule out a meaningful expansion of the program later, and can you highlight any specific areas that you feel need more time to evaluate versus what you were expecting earlier?
Tom Reedy: Let me address the first, I think as I said, the results to-date are in line with what our initial expectations were. This is a different asset class for us, so we are interested in seeing how it performs, because its new to us, we are willing to be patient and ensure that we understand it completely, before we understand it completely before we do any sales. It does not rule out us doing a larger amount in the future. But if you remember, when we rolled this out a year ago, we said that there was three things we are looking for, one is learning, which we are definitely getting on that, I see that's going to benefit our business, whether or not we are in this space. But the other was a risk diversification play, and we have three partners in a subprime space who are doing an awesome job. Any decisions we make will be contemplating the impact on them, and I would not expect us to ever intend to be a full player in this space like we are in the prime space.
Ravi Shanker: Got it.
Tom Reedy: Probably as much color as I can give you about where our intentions have been.
Ravi Shanker: Makes sense. And on competition, this is perhaps a more longer term strategy question, over the last 12 months, we have seen emergence of a few peer-to-peer user vehicle platforms that tried to pass on SG&A savings to customers, and show these new startups only in the few markets right now, but one can imagine them going after the high volume used markets first, where you and your peers already have a presence. So my question really is, what do you guys think about these new business models, versus the brick and mortar strategy in general?
Tom Folliard: You know, we look at every part of competition, and in terms of peer-to-peer, one thing to remember is, that is a huge chunk of the market already and always has been. About a third of all cars sold in the U.S. are sold from consumer to consumer. Whether you sell a car by putting a sign in your yard or you list it online or you just put it in the newspaper or whatever you do. So that has always been a third. One could argue that, that's where those sales could come from since they are already happen, and it’s just such a giant piece. It’s by far the biggest piece -- the biggest percentage of cars sold are sold from peer-to-peer already. A lot of what we do in our off -- when we make a cash offer to every customer on every single car, I think we probably have tapped into that as well as anybody by getting some of those cars that maybe would have been sold peer-to-peer. But its something we keep a very close eye on, and we will watch very closely and see if there is an opportunity somewhere for us.
Ravi Shanker: Got it. Thank you guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston: Thanks. Good morning. On store openings, for the upcoming year, you have got definitely a skew towards existing markets over new, and I was just curious if longer term, are you going to look to focus more on growing existing over new/old or focus more on new later on?
Tom Folliard: You know, its an ever changing landscape for us, as we continue to get more data in existing markets, it gives us more comfort with going back into those markets. But we have a healthy mix of new markets as well, and one thing to take into account; when we go into a metro market like Philadelphia, Minneapolis, or this year, we will be entering Boston, those are intentionally multiyear plays for us to really grow out the market. So when you see us go back into Philly with Turnersville, New Jersey store this year, that's just part of the long term Philadelphia plan. It looks like a skew towards an existing market, but those are existing markets that are clearly understored, and we are not where we expect to be long term. So I expect it to be a mix going forward. Some of the big ones that we have, coming in the next three years or so, Boston, San Francisco and Seattle are places where we have no presents. And it has taken us, I don't know, 15 years to get to 10 stores in LA, and you will see us continue to learn more, figure out places where we are -- zip codes where we are missing, and then try to figure out the best storing pattern to go into those bigger metro markets. So I don't read too much into that, because as I said, some of it is just planned, because the markets are bigger and more stores are required to fill them out.
David Whiston: Okay. And on buybacks, it would be helpful for modeling if you could give any clarity on dollar spend for fiscal 2016?
Tom Reedy: We don't give guidance on anything. But you can look at our release last fall, and it gives you an idea of the scale that we have, intentions for the longer term.
Tom Folliard: But its also going to be a balance based on where we are trading, and what we think makes the most sense, and its something that we have a discussion with the board on a very regular basis and we have done with a programmatic fine schedule that we put a range around and we adjust it accordingly, based on the environment that we are operating in.
David Whiston: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from the line of James Albertine with Stifel.
James Albertine: Great, thanks. Just wanted to sneak one more in; given the harsh weather on a year-over-year basis, you may have lost some day sales, and maybe mixed your comp with even stronger, in retrospect. But just wanted to maybe ask for your -- kind of your view on the weather if you will?
Tom Folliard: As you probably know James, we never like to use weather as an excuse, but it was really cold, and we did have a lot of stores closed, particularly in the back half of February. As far as attributing sales loss, we generally think we get it back, because when we are closed, everybody else is closed. It’s not like milk, if you didn't sell it, you didn't sell it, or a grocer. It’s such an infrequent purchase, where if we are closed, generally all the competition is closed as well. So I can attributed a specific sales loss to it, but we probably would have done a little better, if it wasn't so cold. We had a bunch of stores closed, particularly in the back half of February, but as I said, I think generally, we get those sales back.
James Albertine: Very good. Thanks again.
Tom Folliard: Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Hey guys, thanks for letting me back in here. Just a quick follow-up; with energy prices being such a major investor topic today, I am curious for a big ticket purchase like autos, have you seen any notable change in some of the energy centric markets, like Texas?
Tom Folliard: Well Scott, as you have learned over the years, we don't really talk about regional differences, so we are probably not going to start now.
Scot Ciccarelli: Is there any color you could provide on that, just because it does kind of indicate some sort of overall big ticket demand, even if it doesn't really -- directly to your business, just kind of changing behavior at all?
Tom Folliard: We didn't see much. S I mean, whether it’s regional or -- I feel like we had a really good quarter and a really good year. We have gotten a lot of questions around gas prices and is it potential that lowering gas prices would drive sales towards kind of SUVs and V8s and we really didn't see much of that either. So I think possibly because we have such a wide range of inventory, and we appeal to such a broad range of customers, that some of those impacts are muted with us, but who knows. I also think, in terms of gas prices, that people do not expect gas to be this cheap, and a car is a long term purchase. So although you might see some shifting, it really hasn't affected us as much as you might think.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Okay. Thanks Tom.
Tom Folliard: We don't think prices are going to go back up. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Levin: Hey guys, it’s Mike Levin on for Rod. Just wanted to see if you could discuss some of the factors that went into you guys getting increased confidence in raising your store growth plans over the next three years, from 10 to 15 to 13 to 16?
Tom Folliard: Sure. So if you recall coming out of the recession and getting back into a growth plan, we wanted to have a phase build-up. We wanted to make sure that we built up our infrastructure, and by infrastructure I mean, the ability to go out and source real estate, the ability to make sure that we provide experienced management into all these stores, where we spent a lot of dollars on relo, to make sure that first customer that walks in the door gets a great experience at CarMax, and our buildup over the few years, we opened three the first year, then five, then 10, then 13 for two years in a row. So this is kind of in line with continuing; as the base has also gotten bigger during that time. I think we have added 50 stores since 2011; increased the company size from 90-ish stores to 145 or so. And we opened 13 this year, and we plan on opening 14 next year, so it’s right in the -- just kind of in the range of what we delivered, and we wanted to give ourselves some flexibility. These are big complicated stores, sometimes one or two might slip in or out every year. So we'd like to put a range about it, but we don't plan on opening 10 anymore, so we are -- that's kind of the range we can deliver over the next few years. So its confidence and all the things that I talked about, and that's the reason we raised the range.
Michael Levin: That's great, and maybe just a follow-up; can you guys let us know how you're thinking about the pace of buybacks going forward with some of your increased capital plans?
Tom Reedy: I think we hit on that a little earlier. As Tom mentioned, I think our goal was to be in it programmatically. If you look at what happened in Q4, we bought back a fewer shares and spent less dollars at an elevated stock price. So we put some buffers on our program based on our estimation of valuation. But in general, we want to be in the market on a continuous basis, and programmatically move towards a capital structure that's got a little more leverage unit; and I think you will see that over the next couple of years.
Michael Levin: Great. Thanks guys. Congrats on the results.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: We also have a follow-up question from the line of Michael Montani with Evercore ISI.
Michael Montani: Hey guys. Just wanted to follow-up on two things, one was inventory per store, which I had up kind of low double digits. So I was just trying to understand, how much of that might be anticipated build-out, as you increase the unit growth, versus like a desire to actually increased fill rates, and have more cars on the lot? And then secondly with CapEx going from $310 million to $360 million, can you just help to understand, how much of that is related to the remodels versus the new store acceleration and what the major markets are to spend there?
Tom Reedy: Sure. What was your first question again? Inventory, yeah. So inventory in the quarter was up -- remember last year, we were behind on where we wanted to be, so some of it is, I would call it an easy comparison, because we were behind on inventory this year. We did a much better job of building, and we also had a bunch of new stores. So a lot of times when you look -- when we are in a build mode, we get a car done and saleable, we make it saleable in a store that finished it. So some stores have elevated inventory in the anticipation of a store opening, when we ship the cars over to the new store. So if you look at our total sales increase for the quarter, I think it was 12%, and you would expect inventory to go up kind of commensurate with that number, and then we had another -- during the quarter, 7% of compass, and I know inventory is slightly higher than when you add those two things together, but that I think is more of a reflection of -- we are a little behind of where we wanted to be last year. And then your second question --
Michael Montani: On the CapEx side, just understanding the step-up year-over-year in CapEx spend, how much is related to the new store openings increasing whereas remodels and the major buckets of spend in the $360 million?
Tom Reedy: Yeah, the major buckets in the $360 million, roughly 80 of it would be on existing stores, 40 of that would be in normal maintenance, and the other 40 would be in the remodels that we talked about, and all the rest goes towards new stores. And remember, CapEx is always our best guess at the year. We have a lot of movement and a lot of timing during the year, particularly in new stores and new construction. So that's our best guess and what we will spend this year, and that's roughly the breakdown.
Michael Montani: Great. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue at this time. And I would like to turn the conference back over to our presenters.
Tom Folliard: All right. Thank you very much. Thanks everyone for joining us today. We appreciate your continued support, and of course thanks to all of our more than 20,000 CarMax associates all over the country, for all they do everyday to make CarMax such a success. Thank you guys. Talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call and you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2014-12-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Katharine Kenny - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer John Murphy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brett Hoselton - Keybanc Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank [Ravi Shankar] - Morgan Stanley Rick Nelson - Stephens Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates David Whiston - Morningstar
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, my name is Aaron and I’ll be your operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the FY15 Third Quarter Earnings call. At this time, all lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After our speakers’ remarks, we will have a question and answer session. If you’d like to ask a question at that time, please press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you wish to withdraw your question, please press the pound key. I’d like to turn the call over to Ms. Katharine Kenny, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Kenny, you may begin.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you, Aaron, and good morning. Thank you everyone for joining our fiscal 2015 third quarter earnings conference call. As always, on the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO.  Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2014, filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I’d like to mention that we have a few spots available for our next regular analyst day, which will take place on January 20 here in warm Richmond. If you’re interested in attending, please let us know. As always, I hope you remember to ask just one question and a follow-up before getting back in queue. Thank you, and I’ll turn it over to Tom.
Tom Folliard: Thanks Katharine. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As you saw, we had a great third quarter. Total revenues grew 16% to $3.4 billion, net earnings grew 22% to $130 million, and earnings per share have increased almost 28% to $0.60. Used unit comps grew by 7.4% for the quarter and total used units rose by 14%. Gross profit per used unit increased $23 compared to last year to $2,172. Total wholesale units were up 10% and gross profit per wholesale unit was up $40 to $927. Other sales and revenue rose by over 30% partially due to an increase of $13 million in extended protection plan revenues. This expansion reflected the growth in unit sales offset by a somewhat lower penetration rate. Also impacting October sales and revenues growth was a $2.5 million improvement in third party finance fees. CAF income grew 7% to approximately $90 million, and I’ll turn it over to Tom to give you some more details. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thanks Tom. Good morning everybody. In Q3, CAF income grew 7% compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2014, and average managed receivables grew 18% to $8 billion. CAF weighted average contract rate - that’s the rate charged to customers - was flat to last year’s third quarter at 7%, and this rate has been relatively stable for the past eight quarters. The allowance for loan losses grew to $80 million, which represents 1% of managed receivables and is consistent with last year. At 41.8%, CAF net penetration was up slightly compared to last year’s third quarter in part due to our subprime test, which was not in place last year. Net loan dollars originated in the quarter rose 20% to $1.2 billion due to a combination of the retail unit growth, higher penetration, and an increase in the average amount financed. As you know, from time to time we test additional third party lenders and if we determine they add sufficient incremental value, we roll them out across our system. During the quarter, we moved Allied Financial out of the testing phase to become our fifth Tier 2 lender. Finally as you probably noticed from the press release, our treasury department has been quite busy this quarter. We closed a three-year, $300 million private term loan. We added $300 million to our unsecured revolver capacity, bringing it to a total of $1 billion, and added $200 million to CAF’s warehouse facility for a total of $2.3 billion. Now back to Tom.
Tom Folliard: Thank you. In regards to our mix, during the quarter despite the decrease in oil prices, we didn’t see a significant increase in our sales of SUVs and trucks compared to last year. We are starting to see some growth in sales of zero to four-year-old cars, which we’ve been talking about for a while, compared to last year - they’re now about 75% of sales, but that percentage is about the same as what it was in the second quarter.  SG&A for the quarter increased approximately 11% to $317 million. This growth is primarily due to the addition of 20 stores since the beginning of the third quarter of last year. If you remember, in the second quarter we were on top of about 18 new stores. On a per-unit basis, SG&A decreased $52 to $22.43 compared to $22.95 in the third quarter of fiscal 2014.  During the third quarter, we opened four stores, two in new markets for CarMax, Tupelo, Mississippi and Reno, Nevada, and two in existing markets, Portland, Oregon and Raleigh, North Carolina. In the fourth quarter, we’ll open one more store in our new market in Cleveland, home of Katharine Kenny.
Katharine Kenny: Woo-hoo!
Tom Folliard: Store traffic was up once again in the quarter and our web traffic also continued to expand. For the third quarter compared to last year, average monthly web visits grew over 17% to nearly 14 million. Business to our mobile site continued to represent approximately 30% of total visits while visits utilizing our mobile apps represented another 15% of the total. With that, we’d be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt Nemer from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Matt Nemer: Good morning everyone, and congrats on an outstanding quarter. First question I wanted to ask about is whether the Auto Trader and the Cars.com addition or re-launch is maybe one of the factors that’s driving your traffic, and I’d love to hear about anything else that you think is driving the traffic in the stores and on the web. Obviously it seems like it was very strong.
Tom Folliard: The first, Matt, a little background there. If you remember last year, throughout the whole year we had decided to no longer list our cars on Cars.com and AutoTrader.com, and we had 12% comps last year, 17% share gain, and one of the better years we’ve ever had in the history of the company. The reason we stopped the first time is because we weren’t making a good return on our investment. What we’ve started back with the two of them is just a test, and the test is to determine whether or not we can make a good return on the investment. So it was a test during the quarter. I don’t have a lot to report, but my guess is it had very little impact. 
Matt Nemer: Okay, then just a quick follow-up. The gross profit per unit has been extremely consistent over the last couple of years, and it ticked a little bit higher. Just wondering if you’re starting to see--if you feel like you’re getting--your ability to increase prices isn’t impacting your unit sales, and that’s kind of why that’s starting to drift, and could we see that continue? Thanks.
Tom Folliard: I view $20 as flat. If we were $20 down, we would have viewed it as just as good and just as consistent a performance, so it’s not an exact science to manage this margin across this number of sales at this price point, so I’d view that as just relatively flat and I think it just shows that we’re getting better and more analytical each and every year and each and every quarter at managing our inventory and managing to our targeted margin. Despite some depreciation that we saw in the third quarter, which I think was pretty apparent in some external sources, we were able to manage our margins pretty tightly once again and deliver a 7.5% comp, so I’m pretty proud of what we’ve accomplished but we continue to work on it every year, and I think we get a little better each year.
Matt Nemer: Great. Nice work, and happy holidays.
Tom Folliard: Thanks. You too, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Brian Nagel: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on a really nice quarter. My first question, and it may be a follow-on to Matt’s question too, but there’s been a lot of chatter amongst investors with respect to declines in used car pricing and what impact that could have on CarMax. You saw some of your competitors have troubles; you obviously did not. Bigger picture, how are you thinking about it as you’re looking at maybe the used car market now following a more normal pricing trajectory? How is that affecting, if at all, the CarMax business model?
Tom Folliard: You know, we’ve been at this for a while, Brian, and the fall is a time when we always see depreciation. We’ve had some anomalies going into the recession and coming out of the recession, but in a normal year you expect some appreciation in January through the spring, and then we expect some depreciation throughout the rest of the year all the way through December. I think we’ve proven that we can manage in all kinds of different volatile environments, and this one is not as volatile as we’ve seen in the past, so we view this as--I don’t want to say it’s business as usual, but it’s normal depreciation that we see during the third quarter if you look at a 20-year history and say what does an average year look like. So I just think it’s something that we’re getting a little bit better at every year, just as I said to Matt on the last question.
Brian Nagel: That’s helpful. My follow-up question would be on the buyback. It wasn’t that long ago you and your board introduced a pretty significant buyback plan for CarMax, and we did see buyback activity step up somewhat here in the third quarter. Any guidance you can give us how we should expect you to execute on that buyback as we going into 2015 and beyond?
Tom Folliard: You know, Brian, I think the announcement that you saw from management and from our board was really just an authorization and a further commitment to delivering capital back to shareholders with a rather lengthy expiration date on it, so that it gave us the flexibility to continue to run the program that we’ve been running. We could go a little more aggressively if we wanted, but it’s just what it says - it’s an authorization, it has a two-year limit on it, but I think it’s a nice show of confidence from our board in our ability over the next few years to continue to run a good business and put ourselves in a position to keep delivering capital back to shareholders through the buyback. 
Brian Nagel: Got it. Thanks and congrats again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
John Murphy: Good morning, guys. A follow-up question on used car pricing, or to Brian’s question there. Tom, there’s a lot of concern that used car pricing might fade, yet all the data from you and the public dealers is actually positive on transaction prices. Is there the potential here that we’re seeing some supply increase but demand actually increasing faster than that supply is increasing, and we might be in an environment where pricing stays relatively stable even as supply is increasing, which is really kind of a Goldilocks scenario for your business?
Tom Folliard: You know, that’s impossible to tell. Our average retail was actually down in the quarter compared to the second quarter of this year by $300, so I think that reflects a little bit of depreciation. As I’ve said before, we don’t spend a lot of time trying to figure out what’s going to happen a year from now. It’s pretty irrelevant to us running our business day-to-day, and we turn our inventory quick enough that I think we’re able to respond to whatever volatility the market has to offer. But I do think we’ve seen some improvements in the economy. We saw a nice tick-up in the SAR. We’ve always said whenever we see new car sales in the up-tick, that that shows that people are willing to get out there and buy a car and sign up for a loan, and I think that’s good for us, it’s good for the consumer overall in terms of their activity. But it’s really difficult to predict what’s going to happen in the future.
John Murphy: Okay, and then just sort of a follow-up question here on SG&A. Typically we think there’s leverage in the model at about a 7.5% positive same store sales comp, but as the store base gets larger, is it possible that that comes down over time and might get closer to 5%? I’m just trying to understand how you think about leverage on SG&A as the store base gets larger.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, that’s possible. We’ve never given a precise number because we’re not sure what that number is. You never know what kind of incremental investments you might make at any given point in time. This is the most stores, the most new stores, so stores that are the most SG&A inefficient, that we’ve ever carried, which is 20 during the third quarter, and we were still able to leverage by $50 on a per-unit basis our total SG&A with the 7.5% comp. So there’s a combination of factors that are going to allow us to either leverage or not, so it happened to work out this quarter. I couldn’t give you an exact number, but it does make sense logically that unless we dramatically accelerated our growth rate, that we’d be able to leverage a little bit better as the base gets bigger.
John Murphy: Thanks a lot. Great execution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hoselton from Keybanc. Your line is now open.
Brett Hoselton: Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about CAF profitability, specifically how do we think about a rising interest rate environment negatively impacting CAF profitability? How do you think about your cost of funds, what might be the best representative rate that you use or something like that, and is there any way that you can kind of say look, if we saw 100 basis point increase in that cost of funds, that would represent some sort of a dollar amount headwind to that $90 million that you made in the third quarter? How can we kind of quantify that?
Tom Reedy: Well first off, I’ve got to remind everybody, we’re going to run a market business and kind of our APRs are going to be driven by competition and our cost of funds are going to be driven by what we can achieve in the marketplace. As far as what to look at for cost of funds, you can look at our securitization deals and the benchmarks in those, and that gives you kind of a good estimate of where we’re locking down long-term financing. As far as profitability, we believe over time we can manage to a reasonable profit, at least to a market profit. In fact, if you look back at 2007, early 2008 to our securitization that we did back then, we were running at a very similar spread between APR and cost of funds then as we are today, and interest rates were 400 to 500 basis points higher than they are today. So we don’t believe a higher interest rate market precludes a finance company from making the kind of returns that we’ve been making recently; however, as you migrate towards higher interest rates, APRs are typically sticky upward and downward, and there might be a little bit of lag time for the market to adjust to rates rising, so you might see some compression in that as things are moving. We’ve benefited from that when rates have fallen, we’ve felt the pressure as rates are rising; but overall, I think we can manage a market rate of return on the business.
Brett Hoselton: Okay. And then I apologize, Katharine, I’m just getting a lot of questions about rising used vehicle--or excuse me, declining used vehicle growth or used vehicle prices. Obviously they haven’t declined recently, but the general expectation is that used vehicle prices are going to decline, so getting a lot of questions from investors as to is that a net positive or a net negative for your firm? I think that we believe that it’s a net position for you, but can you explain why you see that as a net positive, because I think you believe that as well.
Tom Folliard: You know, I’ve kind of answered that a couple of times, which is whatever the market delivers, we’ve done a pretty decent job of navigating through it. I’m always a believer lower prices are better for the consumer, and we turn our inventory quick enough that we can manage margins in a declining environment, but I’m also not a believer we’re going to see this giant decline in car prices because there’s some tidal wave of supply coming our way. I think things tend to find a way to equal out.
Brett Hoselton: Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scot Ciccarelli: Good morning guys. I was looking for clarification real quick. Did you say Allied was added to the Tier 2 or Tier 3?
Tom Reedy: Tier 2, Scot. 
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Obviously subprime bounced back--subprime penetration bounced back sequentially from what we saw last quarter. Can you help us understand a little bit more about that, because obviously we had seen some deterioration in that trend over the prior last few quarters, and is that just a function of guys like Santander becoming more aggressive? Was there any other changes that might have happened on the subprime side, just to help us think about what happens in the future?
Tom Reedy: You know, I can’t really speak to if there’s been any changes. What I can speak to is we have seen over the past several months relatively stable behavior from our subprime lenders. We saw the big correction last year as they adjusted their behavior, but if we look at conversion of customers that were given acceptances, I think it would be fair to say that the behaviors have been relatively consistent over the last several months. As to where that goes going forward, we want them to run a good and sustainable business, and we’re going to encourage them to do that, and things will shake out the way they do. There’s really nothing beyond that I can really say about the bounce back, other than we feel like we’ve been in a pretty stable place for the last several months.
Tom Folliard: Hey, it’s only a point and a half or two in terms of percent of sales, so it’s not--it wasn’t anything significant, Scot.
Scot Ciccarelli: Right, no I understand. One thing that I think had been mentioned previously is there’s been a blending of some of the, let’s call it top tier subprime customers where some of the Tier 2 lenders have kind of moved into that portion of the customer base. Any feel for what the impact is or any way to kind of size the impact of Tier 2 getting a little bit more aggressive on the down side?
Tom Reedy: I think the easiest way to look at it--the way we look at it is we’re moving customers from a bucket where we’re paying a discount to our lenders to one where we’re receiving a premium from them, so there’s a significant shift in profitability. Just like the Tier 3 lenders, we’re encouraging the Tier 2 lenders to run a business that’s sustainable for them over a long time. I think we’ve seen their credit appetite increase over the last several quarters - that’s been a good thing for us, and the reason we manage a large stable of lenders there is so that we can get the best offers for CarMax customers on an ongoing basis.
Tom Folliard: But Scot, it’s also difficult to quantify very specifically because of the way we run our credit. We run a waterfall of credit. It goes from one tier of lenders down to the next, down to the next. If it gets picked up in the middle, then the bottom tier never see the application in the first place. So it’s not as easy as it sounds to say, oh, we got half a point or a point and a half from this or that; but to Tom’s point, anything that gets picked up on the way down is a positive, and we have a bunch of lending partners and we’re grateful for all the relationships that we’ve built over the years, but they all run their own models and we hope they run them profitably and they can stay with us for a long time.
Scot Ciccarelli: All right, got it. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison from Baird. Please go ahead.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question as well. Tom, you mentioned the drop in oil, and that seems like good news for most of your customers, but I also imagine it signals some tougher times in oil-based economies. Just wondering if you’ve seen that dynamic play out at all in some of those markets.
Tom Folliard: Not that I know of. The way I look at that is you remember that the CarMax customer is the average American consumer, and the average American consumer has a little more spending money at this gas rate than they had before, so I think that’s a positive for people’s outlook, for their budget, for their wallet, for their consideration when they’re looking to sign up for a loan for a few years. I think on the new car side, you saw it really impact the mix, and although we haven’t seen it impact the mix as much, we were probably already a little more heavily skewed to SUVs and things like that in the first place. So we haven’t really seen an impact on mix much, but I think the American consumer having a little more money to spend is a good thing.
Craig Kennison: And is CAF or are your lending partners at all looking at markets like Texas or other oil-based markets and saying, you know what? We’ve got to score that customer differently because their incomes may actually change?
Tom Reedy: We haven’t had any discussions with them along that front. Like Tom and I said, we’re going to encourage them to run a business that makes sense for them, and we’re going to do the same; and if we have something to talk about on that front, then we will.
Tom Folliard: There’s volatility in gas prices. I’m not sure if you’re a lender, you want to assume that this is where gas prices are going to stay for the next five years.
Craig Kennison: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot, and good morning. I’ve got one follow-up to someone else’s question and then one of my own. On the subprime piece, can you talk about whether the mix of your Tier 3 providers has changed meaningfully over the course of the past year, and whether that might have contributed at all to the moderate decline in subprime penetration?
Tom Reedy: No Matt, the mix has been very consistent over the past year. The only change has been that, as you know, CarMax is running a test and took a little bit of that volume starting this year, a very small part of the volume, and we are not behaving any differently or more aggressively than our partners.
Matthew Fassler: Got it, and then secondly, your wholesale profitability, while it was not off the charts, it was very good and showed a bit of a pick-up year-on-year in the rate of growth in wholesale margins. Any comments on what’s driving your ability to continue to extract more in terms of gross profit per vehicle through your auction process?
Tom Folliard: Similar to what I said on the retail side, Matt, it’s $40 up, down, pretty close. It’s just good management. As you know how we run our auctions, the car sells to the top bidder, and we adjust our prices weekly as we sell through our auction. We’ve had great execution in our stores, we’ve had great attendance from our dealers who come to our auction and support our pricing each and every week, and I think we just continue to do a good job running our auctions. But as I said before, if we get pretty close on the margin, we consider that to be good, so it was slightly up but that’s essentially flat for us.
Matthew Fassler: Understood. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rod Lache: Thanks. Good morning everybody. On that improvement in conversion that you mentioned in your release, is that a function of the types of customers that you’re seeing coming through the door, lender behavior, or is it something else? I would imagine that if trade-in volumes moderated a little bit, that would not have necessarily helped.
Tom Folliard: No, you know, conversion for us is really a team effort. It’s a combination of buying the right cars, having the right inventory at the right store at the right time, doing a great job reconditioning, having high quality cars. We’ve done a lot of training with our sales force to be able to execute and help customers overcome objections, whether it’s on the trade-in or their financing or what car they want to buy. Financing is obviously access to financing, and the rate that they receive is another piece of conversion. The search engine we have on our website, I just think over time we expect to be able to continue to improve conversion, but it’s very difficult to point to one specific area. But as it relates directly to finance, we didn’t have anything significant change in the quarter to contribute to that. As we said in the press release, our comps were driven partly by an increase in traffic and partly by an increase in conversion, and that’s what I would expect over time for us, is to be able to improve both of those marginally over time.
Rod Lache: Okay, and just really quickly, I was wondering if you had any other follow-up comments on the CAF test in subprime. What are some of the takeaways and adjustments you’re making, and what is sort of the trajectory we should be expecting from here?
Tom Reedy: Yeah, it’s still a bit early. We’re seeing the first vintages that we originated kind of across a six-month time frame, and we really need to go through a full tax season, a full cycle with this product before we can make any conclusions. So what I can say is that we have not seen anything negative and unexpected that would lead us to dial back or not continue to test. Like I said, we’d like to get through tax season and continue through the test that we have, and figure out where we go from there at the end of the year. We’ll probably have something to say about where we’re going because we’re likely to use up that initial $70 million during the quarter.
Rod Lache: Great, thank you. Congratulations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Shankar from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
[Ravi Shankar]: Good morning everyone. This is [indiscernible] in for Ravi. Just to follow up on the subprime pilot program, you initially set out to do $70 million through the end of last quarter. If you can provide some color as to what prevented you from deploying the entire $70 million?
Tom Reedy: I think we’ve said we were going to run a test for $70 million. I don’t think we gave any guidance on how long it would take. We’ve been doing a bit of it every quarter and we’re continuing to test it as we go; and as I said, next quarter I think we can give you some more visibility to where we’ll go from beyond that initial 70 test.
[Ravi Shankar]: Thanks for the clarification. Then on competition, you’re planning to expand your presence in the Denver market with, I think, a couple more stores in addition to a couple already there. Sonic recently launched their EchoPark stores in that market and are looking to add more stores as well. Wanted to get your thoughts on what the initial share and pricing response has been like, and where do you see it going?
Tom Folliard: We really don’t have anything to report there. They’ve been open for a very short window of time. We’ve been open for a couple of years with two stores. Denver has always been a very attractive market for us. We’ve owned real estate there for a number of years. We have a couple more stores coming in the next 12 to 18 months, but they were coming anyway, and then we have an additional store down in Colorado Springs. But their store has been open for only a month or two, so nothing to report at this time.
[Ravi Shankar]: Thanks so much.
Operator: Again if you’d like to ask a question, please press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Rick Nelson: Thanks, good morning. I’d like to ask about the other segment revenues. The growth in extended protection plan revenue really accelerated this quarter. If you could comment there, that’d be helpful.
Tom Reedy: If you remember, last year we had a significant adjustment in the extended protection plan reserve, and so the reason you see a significant increase this year year-over-year is really because last year was impaired a bit. If you back out that adjustment, it’s more like a 9% increase in those other revenues, and that comes from a combination of the extended protection plans, an improvement in the mix between subprime and non-prime, which means we have less discount that we pay to the subprime providers, and kind of relatively flat service income. But the reason that’s such a big step-up was because last year was down.
Rick Nelson: Thank you for that. Also, you opened 13 stores last year, 10 the year before. Any color on as to how those stores are coming into the comps and how big a driver they are to the nice comp you reported this quarter? That’d be helpful.
Tom Folliard: Well, it’s awfully early in their life, but if you look at the size of the base, one year’s worth of openings impact on comps, the first year that those stores become comp stores is very, very little. But obviously over time, they’ll add to the total sales. You look at our total increase of 14% - half of that is coming from new stores and half of that is coming from the existing stores with the 7% comp. But we’re on a pretty steady opening pace. You mentioned we opened 10 the year prior, 13 last year. We’ll get another 13 open this year and we’re still on that 10 to 15 store pace for the next couple of years, and lots of great places for us to go build stores, lots of markets that we’re going back in and adding new stores. 
Rick Nelson: Thanks a lot, and good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong from CL King & Associates. Please go ahead.
Bill Armstrong: Good morning. The only question I have left is on the EPP penetration rate. It was lower a little bit. I was wondering if you could expand on that, and maybe I don’t know if you would disclose what the actual penetration rates are this year versus last year and why they are down.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, it is down a couple points. It’s not down significantly. As we discussed early in the year with the change in the reserve, we were going to make some changes to pricing to recover that additional reserve, and we also talked about the fact that our partners continually are having us change prices on their product in order to preserve their business, based on the experience they see in the portfolio. There have been price changes based on their needs as well, so what we’ve seen is some price changes and we’ve seen a little bit of a degradation in penetration, but I think we need to see where that’s going to shake out over the course of the year because penetration is also highly dependent on people’s performance in the stores and the initiatives that we have around selling that product.
Tom Folliard: But our penetration is around 60%. We’re really proud of our execution. I think our store teams do a great job of working with customers and showing them the value of buying an extended service plan, and our providers do a really good job of managing that through the life of the car. So we think we offer a great product and our customers realize the value in it, and we do as good a job as anybody out there in selling this product and then delivering a great experience for the customer after.
Bill Armstrong: So it sounds like the decline in penetration is more an issue of pricing rather than execution?
Tom Folliard: Yeah, and as Tom said, we talked about that at the beginning of this year.
Bill Armstrong: Yeah, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of David Whiston from Morningstar. Please go ahead.
David Whiston: Thanks, good morning. Looking at your cash flow statement and ignoring the increase in auto loan receivables, and then just doing an adjusted CFO minus CAPEX and free cash flow as a percentage of revenue, and for the nine months ’14 versus nine months ’13, it’s down quite a bit, which looks to be the increase in inventory. So obviously we’ve got a lot more inventory supply coming online. Do you think over the next 12 months you’re going to continue to have a lot of decrease in working capital from inventory accumulation?
Tom Folliard: We’re going to manage our inventory in line with what our sales expectations are, and then also with the fact that we are continuing to build stores and we’re building them all over the place, and we’re building at a pace of about a store a month or a little better than that. So oftentimes--a lot of times, you look at our inventory and some of it is just based on timing - when is the next store being opened, are we reconditioning those cars in another market, getting them ready for that other store. But even if you look at our inventory reported at the end of the quarter, about half of the unit increase is in our existing stores, which delivered a 7.5% comp, and about half our unit increase in represented in our new stores. So our inventory will go up as our store base goes up and our comp sales go up, but it won’t necessarily--it’s not going to exceed that to any great degree.
Tom Reedy: I think there’s a bit of seasonality in that as well. Q3 was a significant inventory build as we’re coming into the tax season, so you’d need to look at it over a more spread out period, I think.
David Whiston: Okay. Last question - I know in the past you’ve talked about starting from scratch on targeting inventory mix weekly, but I’m sure there’s a lot more IT in the company over the past few years. Are you really at the point where you’re sourcing, maybe even changing your sourcing habits daily or several times a day?
Tom Folliard: No, not really. It doesn’t move that fast. Weekly is pretty fast, especially with the size of the investment in each individual car. Remember that half of our cars right now are coming from appraisals that we’re buying directly from the consumer, and you really need a week’s worth of data at least before you can make a decision about what to do the following week. So we’re pretty comfortable with the way we’re managing it right now. I think what has gotten better and better for us each and every year is the ability to apply that data to a buying model that is very, very store-specific, and then the other benefit that we’ve gained over the last several years is as our brand gets stronger, the more cars that are on our website, the better the pictures, the better the search engine, the more accessibility the customer has to inventory in other markets, and that’s about a third of our sales, are cars transferred at the customer’s request, so it’s another way for us to leverage that inventory. But I think hopefully we’ll continue to get better at this.
David Whiston: You said transfers are a third of sales?
Tom Folliard: Roughly, yeah - right around 30%.
David Whiston: Okay, thanks.
Operator: We have no further questions in the queue. I’ll turn the call back over to Mr. Tom Folliard, CEO.
[end of Q&A]:
Tom Folliard: All right, thank you very much. I want to thank all of you for joining us today on the call. I also of course want to thank all of our associates for everything they do every day, especially around the holiday season. I wish all of you guys happy holidays, and we will talk to you again next quarter. Thanks for joining us. 
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-09-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Folliard – President, Chief Executive Officer Tom Reedy – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Katharine Kenny – Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Aram Rubinson – Wolfe Research Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer Liz Suzuki – Bank of America Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital James Albertine – Stifel Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates David Whiston – Morningstar
Operator: Good morning. My name is Charlene and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Fiscal Year ’15 Second Quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during that time, simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you wish to withdraw your question, please press the pound key. Thank you. Ms. Katharine Kenny, Vice President of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you and good morning. Thank you all for joining our fiscal 2015 second quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual result to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2014 filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I would like to mention that we have some spots left for our next two regular headquarters analyst days, which take place on September 30 and October 30. If you’re interested in attending, please let us know; and as always, I know that you will all remember to ask only question and a follow-up before getting back in queue in order to let everyone get a chance to ask a question. Thanks. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. In the second quarter, total revenues grew 11% to $3.6 billion, net earnings grew 10% to $155 million, and earnings per share increased by 13% to $0.70 per share. Earnings per share for the quarter included $0.06 related to the receipt of the Toyota legal settlement proceeds. In terms of other key drivers for the quarter, used unit comps increased slightly for the quarter and total used units rose by over 6%. Gross profit per used unit remained flat compared to last year at $21.73. Total wholesale units grew by over 7% and gross profit per wholesale unit expanded by 3% or $25. Other sales and revenue increased 11% year-over-year due to an $8.5 million improvement in third party finance fees, and CAF income grew 10% to approximately $93 million. I’ll now turn the call over to Tom Reedy to discuss finance. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thanks Tom. Good morning everybody. Overall, the CAF story is not too different from what we discussed in Q1. In the second quarter, CAF income grew 10% compared to the second quarter of FY14, and average managed receivables grew 19% to $7.7 billion. CAF weighted average contract rate – the rate charged to customers – was 7% versus 6.8% in last year’s second quarter. This rate has been relatively stable at around 7% for the past several quarters. The allowance for loan losses grew to $78 million. This represents 1% of average managed receivables, which is consistent with last year. As we saw earlier in the year, credit losses for the quarter were moderately better than our expectations. CAF net penetration at 41% was relatively flat compared to last year’s second quarter, and net loans originated in the quarter rose 7% to $1.2 billion. That’s in line with the total growth in unit sales. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you. SG&A for the quarter increased approximately 5% to $298 million. Excluding the legal settlement gain, SG&A expenses increased 13% primarily due to the addition of 18 stores since the beginning of the second quarter of last year and a $6.4 million increase in stock-based compensation expense. On a per-unit basis excluding the legal settlement gain, SG&A increased $116 to $2,183 compared to $2,067 in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. During the second quarter, we opened four stores, three in new markets for us: Madison, Wisconsin, Lynchburg, Virginia, and Portland, Oregon, and one in our existing Dallas market. Store traffic was up modestly in the quarter and our web traffic also continued to expand. For the quarter, average monthly web visits grew to nearly 14 million, up 15% compared to the same period last year. Visitors to our mobile site continue to represent approximately 30% of total visits while visits utilizing our mobile apps represented another 15% of the total. With that, we’d be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matt Nemer. Your line is open.
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo: Good morning everyone.
Tom Folliard: Hey Matt.
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo: So just quickly on SG&A expense, should we expect—you’ve got fewer stores opening in the back half. Should we expect that the growth rate in SG&A could go back to the single digits or do you think we’ll stay at this elevated level for the rest of the year?
Tom Folliard: I’m not sure, Matt. We deleveraged in the quarter, but that was largely due to a relatively low comp. I’m not sure of the timing of openings during the rest of the year, but it was definitely impacted by a heavy weight of newer stores in the quarter.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, we had a heavy weight of new stores at the end of last year and early this year, so it’s definitely the most effective new locations we’ve had in recent history.
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo: Okay, and then secondly, could you just talk to the reasons behind the lower EPP penetration and the higher cancel rates? Any change in the program that’s causing that?
Tom Folliard: The changes in the program, we discussed at the end of the year when we talked about having to make adjustments for the reserve, so we had some price changes and we saw some impact in penetration, but we’ve had price changes several times over the last 20 years that we’ve been doing this, and occasionally it has a little bit bigger of an impact. It’s still a very strong ESP penetration for the quarter, and EPP is a combination of both ESP and GAP, both of which had price changes since the last time we talked.
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo: Got it, okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aram Rubinson. Your line is open.
Aram Rubinson – Wolfe Research: Thanks for taking my question, guys. Two things – one, can you give us some color on the subprime? I know it was down as a percent, but can you tell us kind of where the non-subprime creditors, like this Exeter and others, fit into the mix, and if you were to look at your prime business only, what kind of comps you might have kind of seen in prime only.
Tom Reedy: Yeah, it’s very hard to pull that all apart, and we’re not in a position to talk about how much specific headwind Tier 3 was. As you saw, it was down about five points year-over-year as a percent of our sales, which is consistent with last year; but we need to remember that Tier 3 is not only impacted by their behavior but by what’s going on above them and what’s coming through the door. Over time, we’ve seen the mix of Tier 2 to Tier 3 change – you know, two years ago Tier 2 was a bigger percentage of sales, last year Tier 3 was bigger. This year, we’ve seen Tier 2 pick up somewhat, so they’ve been picking up some of the penetration that Tier 3 lost, but it’s difficult to discern exactly how that translates through the comps because Tier 3’s behavior is also a byproduct of what they’re seeing and what they’re experiencing in their portfolio.
Tom Folliard: If you remember, our water flow of assets starts with CAF and goes on to Tier 2, and from there to Tier 3, so Tier 3 doesn’t see any of the applications that are approved and booked by anything above them.
Aram Rubinson – Wolfe Research: Okay.
Tom Folliard: And this change in percent of sales is similar to the change we saw in the first quarter.
Aram Rubinson – Wolfe Research: Can you just tell us, is there any reason to think as the back half your comparisons get easier – they go from 16% down to 10% and then 7%. Is there any reason to think that the sales trend wouldn’t improve commensurate with that?
Tom Folliard: Yeah, we don’t give any forward-looking guidance.
Aram Rubinson – Wolfe Research: All right, I was asking for it a little differently, but I appreciate that. Have a good day.
Tom Folliard: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer: Hi, good morning. I wanted to maybe ask the subprime question a little bit differently, but if we look at—like you just mentioned in response to the prior question, you’ve had now a couple quarters with a pretty significant decline in subprime as a percentage of total sales. But does that reflect—as we think about what’s happening behind that, is that just simply a mix shift, or are you seeing further tightening, if you will, on the part of your partners? Then the follow-up question on that, and I think you mentioned it briefly in your press release, but maybe just some update on your own subprime test and how that’s going, and what we should expect going forward.
Tom Reedy: Sure, I can comment a little bit on that. The Tier 3, as I said, it’s a combination of factors. We’re clearly seeing them continue to provide, I’ll say less attractive offers than they were a year ago, less compelling offers for the customer so therefore we’re seeing less conversion in that space. But as I mentioned, it’s a byproduct of their behavior plus what they’re seeing coming through the door, and we’ve seen some pickup in the behavior of our other partner lenders. With regard to our Tier 3 experiment, we’re still early into it – we just started. I think the first wave of originations is just starting to anniversary six months, so we’re really not in a position to talk about how that’s going yet, and we’ll have an update for you as soon as something makes sense to talk about. But it’s on track, we’re expecting to continue to do it throughout the year and get through the test as we announced it.
Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer: So if I could just follow up, and not to get too cute with this, but we’ve been talking a lot about subprime and CarMax, and there was a point last year where you really called out your partners, you know, for one reason or another seemingly getting—well, pulling back some of the business. So you commented again about year-on-year, but if we look at it maybe not year-on-year but Q2 versus Q1, is there still a further pull back or has it stayed about the same?
Tom Reedy: I wouldn’t know specifically. I’d say we’re seeing the same type of trend as we did in Q1. Remember, we first talked about this at the very end of—we saw it happening at the very end of Q3. There was a notable shift in behavior. I think—you know, we have no reason to think behavior is changing from where it is today. We want those guys to run a profitable business that’s going to be sustainable and support our customers for the long run. They are going to test and make changes as appropriate for their portfolio, and we wish them all the best of luck in doing it. As far as Q1 to Q2, though, I would say it’s more of a continuation of the same. We’re seeing less attractive offers than a year ago being presented to the customer, and therefore less take-up on the Tier 3.
Tom Folliard: It’s a similar drop-off, Brian, in points of sale – about five points in the first quarter, five points in the second quarter. It still represents 15% of our sales, it’s still business that we’re really happy to do, and really happy to have a credit offer that reaches all kinds of different customers.
Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Murphy from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Liz Suzuki – Bank of America: Good morning, this is Liz Suzuki on for John. It looks like comps were a little lower than what we expected, even adjusting for the lost Saturday. Do you think consumers are substituting new vehicles for used, given the attractive financing rates available, and are you seeing more competition from new vehicle dealers, particularly on a monthly payment basis?
Tom Folliard: It’s really hard to tell the reasons why somebody would buy new over used. I think it’s good for us when we see the SAAR continuing to grow, as we’ve talked about. Over time, I think it will have long-term benefits for us, both on the supply side and the fact that consumers are more willing to get out there and sign up for a loan and buy a car. As far as our comps are concerned, I don’t really view it as very much different from the first quarter. It was three points in the first quarter. If you add back a point for Saturday, we’re really just not that far off. I’m really pleased with the way the quarter turned out. It’s the most cars we’ve ever sold.
Liz Suzuki – Bank of America: Great, thanks. Just one follow-up, which is do you have what the typical monthly payment amount is for a CarMax customer?
Tom Folliard: I don’t think we do off the top of our heads, but it’s $20,000 average sale price, it’s 90 or 95%.
Tom Reedy: We’ll get back to you.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, we can get back to you on that. I’m not sure.
Liz Suzuki – Bank of America: All right, thank you.
Tom Folliard: You can back into it with our contract rate from CAF, but then you’d have to go all the way down the credit tier as well, so.
Liz Suzuki – Bank of America: All right, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot, good morning. My primary question here relates to SG&A. We saw some volatility, I guess, in the year-on-year trends, particularly for compensation and benefits per vehicle retail. I know that’s the biggest line item in SG&A. It was down a chunk year-on-year in the first quarter, up a chunk year-on-year in the second quarter, kind of nets out to kind of flattish year-on-year. Anything significant driving that volatility, and how would you think about—which quarter would you say is more representative of the trend you’d expect to see going forward?
Tom Reedy: Hey Matt, it’s Tom Reedy. If you look at that, and I think if you remember last quarter, we noted that stock-based comp was favorable in the quarter and didn’t want to take any credit for it. This quarter, it went back the other way because the stock price went up, and I think you’re right to look at it in kind of a year-to-date basis rather than a quarter-to-quarter, because that piece has been quite volatile.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Understood, okay. Secondly, just a follow-up on some of the questions that you’ve already gotten on subprime. Presumably you have a long range view about where subprime essentially lands. Historically it’s been as low as mid-single digits and obviously as high more recently as the low 20’s. When all is said and done, and I’m sure you’re modeling the business out by source of finance, or at least have some sense of where you’d expect it to be, where do you think this ultimately settles in terms of subprime penetration?
Tom Folliard: Matt, we actually don’t model it and we don’t know where it’s going to settle out. As Tom mentioned earlier, it’s a reflection of our partners’ behavior and the credit we have coming through the door. We’re happy to do every one of these deals. We think they’re 100% incremental. Remember – Tier 3 lenders don’t see an application until it’s declined by every other lender, so it’s a part of the business that’s going to come out the way it comes out, and we expect some volatility there but we don’t really have any view into where we expect it to shake out long-term.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Understood. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Seth Basham from Wedbush. Your line is open.
Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities: My question revolves around the finance lending program as well. Specifically, can you comment on what the approval rates were this year relative to last?
Tom Reedy: Down very slightly, but we’re still seeing over 90% of our customers receiving approval of some kind in our stores. If you remember, as we’ve been talking about the last couple of quarters, the decline in kind of attach on the subprime business is more a byproduct of the nature of the offers that the lenders are providing, whereas in the past a $13,000 loan may have had a $100 or $200 down payment requirement, that number may be several hundred dollars higher today, making it a more difficult transaction for the customer. So it’s a combination of a number of things, but as far as actually receiving an offer, it’s still very strong in our stores and overall we’re very happy with the finance environment. We think we have a great array of lenders for our customers, and customers have great access to financing in the CarMax system.
Tom Folliard: Yeah Seth, as Tom said, 90% of customers are getting approval from somebody in our kind of hemisphere of lending, and that number has been—you know, 90 has kind of been as high as it’s ever been for us, but it’s been stable there for a couple of years now.
Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities: Got it, understood. So you mentioned that traffic was up a bit or flat, but conversion was down – a little bit different trend than in recent quarters, I believe. When you think about conversion in credit tier, was there any change in the tiers other than the subprime?
Tom Folliard: This quarter was not very much different from last quarter. Whenever we talk about conversion and traffic, my view is that you have to look at both of those things on a much longer term basis than just one quarter, and I’ve always felt like our growth will come partially from growth, but it never seems to match up exactly in a quarter. So like you said, conversion was flattish, traffic was slightly up, but I’m not sure what that says for the quarters going forward.
Tom Reedy: CAF was relatively flat as far as penetration for the quarter, and we saw subprime down a few points. We saw an increase in Tier 2 and a smaller increase in the customers that did not need financing in our system.
Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities: Understood, and the last follow-up – just thinking about conversion, is there anything besides credit that might have affected the conversion rate this quarter relative to the last couple quarters?
Tom Folliard: No.
Seth Basham – Wedbush Securities: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next questions comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital: Thank you. Can I just clarify something? So what you outlined for subprime, so the 13.8% penetration, that is purely the Tier 3 providers, and some of the drop-off we saw there was picked up by what you consider Tier 2 providers. Is that the right way to think about that?
Tom Reedy: Scot, that number is the Tier 3 providers plus the CAF test, so it’s all customers that would have been funded in that space, including ours, which is a very small portion of it is CAF.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital: Got it – okay. And then out of the CAF approvals that you have in the regular CAF program, how much of that—I know you guys have your proprietary scorecard, but how much of that would you guys generally consider subprime, because obviously if you go through the securitizations, you’re charging mid-teens interest rates for a lot of people, and I’m assuming those aren’t what you and I would call prime customers.
Tom Reedy: No, as we’ve talked about before, Scot, CAF’s (indiscernible) if you want to call it that, is across a broad spectrum of credit, and it’s customers that we’re experienced with in our system, we have a good track record with and we’re able to securitize. I’m very hesitant to define subprime because I think it’s different in the eyes of almost anyone you ask. You can look at the strat tables in our deals and kind of get a feel for it, but—you know, we like every customer we do at CAF. That’s why we’re approving them.
Tom Folliard: And as you know, Scot, we’ve been doing this for a long time. We’ve done lots of securitizations, and when you look at the aggregate portfolio that we’re originating, it’s delivering a very low loss rate and is very attractive to investors.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital: Right, understood. The last question is inventory was up kind of sharply this quarter – it was up in 1Q as well. What’s the outlook for that and kind of the right way to think about inventory growth going forward? Thanks a lot, guys.
Tom Folliard: Sure, thank you, Scot. Most of inventory growth in the first couple of quarters has been around a combination of new stores that are open and building inventory for new stores that are about to be open. We have some stores that are carrying more inventory than they did last year, and we were a little bit low last year and we had relatively high turns with pretty good comps in the first and second quarter last year. So it’s a combination of we were probably a little behind where we wanted to be last year. We intentionally are a little ahead this year, but it’s mostly driven by either new stores that are open or preparing to open new stores, so we have to buy cars in advance, we have recondition them, we have to have them in process, and in many cases shipping some pretty significant distances to get new stores open, like the last one in Portland.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital: But comfortable with the levels today?
Tom Folliard: Yeah, absolutely.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital: Got it. Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Albertine from Stifel. Your line is open.
James Albertine – Stifel: Great, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Wanted to get a sense on an updated view from you guys on the broader supply environment. I think most would expect, given the trail for the new vehicle growth in the market, that perhaps we’re earlier innings in the used supply ramp; and yet, your pricing for the used retail side was up, I think ahead of our expectations. It was pretty considerable, I would think, in the second quarter, so I just wanted to get kind of your idea to maybe diagnose what’s going on from the supply side and what’s driving pricing with respect to what you’re seeing in the market. Thanks.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, our average retail was pretty close in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. In terms of supply, the first part for us is looking at self-sufficiency. Self-sufficiency was slightly over 50%, so those are the cars that we buy through the appraisaling that then become retail cars for us, but not much of a change from the first quarter. In terms of the new car sales translating to future supply, I think you said it – we’re in the early innings, and I would agree with you although we’ve seen a nice pick-up in SAAR. The supply kind of trickle down will happen over the next couple of years, so we’re excited about that. We have said in the past that we historically over-perform in kind of two, three, four-year-old cars. That mix of sales for us was slightly up in the quarter but not very much, and so we still think that is yet to come.
James Albertine – Stifel: Just as a quick follow-up, do you think pricing can hold at these levels as supply continues to ramp?
Tom Folliard: I don’t really have much of a prediction on that. The only time we’ve ever seen significant drop-off in our average retail was during the recession, when we saw our average retail drop by over $2,000. Other than that, due to inflation and due to just continued increased costs of new cars, a new car now is over $30,000, it’s just not something that I think will go backwards.
James Albertine – Stifel: Appreciate it. Thanks again, and good luck in the third quarter.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: As a reminder, if you do have a question, please press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong from CL King & Associates. Your line is open.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Good morning, guys. Back to subprime, is it fair to say that the traffic trends or maybe the number of subprime applications was down year-over-year?
Tom Reedy: I can say overall through the quarter, we saw credit applications down very slightly. There’s nothing specific to talk about as far as volumes through the door. I don’t think there’s much—
Tom Folliard: No, and as Tom said earlier, if you look at our applicant flow, 90% of customers get an approval of some kind from one of the lenders that we provide or that partners with us, but it’s not just an approval, it’s the quality of the approval. So it’s a combination of a number of different things. Everybody has their own scorecard, everybody runs their own business. We do the best we can with the approvals that we get, and our stores, I think, do a fantastic job of trying to help customers get through whatever challenges that they may have, whether it’s on the credit side or the trade-in side. We’re really proud of the offers that we have for our consumers from top to bottom in the credit tiers.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Okay, and then just one quick one – the EPP estimated cancellation reserve rates, was that something material, and would we see more of that going forward?
Tom Reedy: No, if you remember earlier in the—or at the end of last year, we adjusted the rates at which we reserve on both ESP and the GAP product. This year, part of the reason that we are seeing increased costs, or a lower amount of revenue margin in those products, is that we are reserving at that higher rate. As far as—there’s no major adjustments embedded in that, but we are reserving at a higher rate than we were a year ago, and have been all this year.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, and remember – whenever we reserve at a higher rate, that’s the rate we think we should be reserving at, so we have it set for what our best prediction is of what’s going to happen with returns going forward, both on the ESP side and on the GAP insurance side.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Okay, and then could you just remind us when we will anniversary that higher reserve rate that you’ve put in place?
Tom Reedy: Q1 of next year.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Q1 – okay, got it. Okay, thank you.
Tom Folliard: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Whiston from Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston – Morningstar: Thanks. Good morning. Any detail you can give on the quarter relative to prior year quarter on traffic and the conversion rate?
Tom Folliard: We said traffic was up modestly and conversion was flattish.
David Whiston – Morningstar: Okay, thanks. Then more a strategic question – are you guys considering or actually doing basically a substitute for Craigslist for private sale where two customers could buy a used vehicle at a CarMax store with a CarMax inspection done for a fee?
Tom Folliard: No. I’m not sure what you mean there, but no, we’re not doing that. We’re only selling cars that we own.
David Whiston – Morningstar: Okay, thank you.
Tom Folliard: All right.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Tom Folliard: All right, thank you very much. Thanks for joining us today, and thanks for your continued interested in CarMax, and of course thanks to all of our associates for all you do every day, and we’ll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-06-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Folliard - President and CEO Tom Reedy - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Liz Suzuki - Bank of America Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Craig Kennison - Baird Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities James Albertine - Stifel Rick Nelson - Stephens David Whiston - Morningstar Alex Knight - Tiger Management Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates
Operator: Good morning. My name is Beth, and I will be your conference operator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to our FY15 First Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Katharine Kenny, you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you, Beth. Good morning. And thank you all for joining our fiscal 2015 first quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today as Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me as usual remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance, are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2014, which is filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me mention a new addition to CarMax’s Investor Relations website. As of today, we have added a significant amount of historical quarterly information to the Financial Report section of the website that we hope will assist you in your understanding of the company and in developing your models. We will update that with also some information about cash on a quarterly basis sometime in the next two weeks. We would welcome any feedback on this additional information. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. The first quarter was a terrific one for CarMax. Total revenues grew 13% to nearly $4 billion, net earnings up 16% to $169 million and earnings per share up 19% to $0.76. Key drivers for the quarter, used unit comps increased by a little over 3% and total used units rose by nearly 10%. Our ASP was a little over 20,000 for the first time ever, largely due to stronger prices we observed in the wholesale market and as evidenced by our relatively flat per unit margins. Total wholesale units grew by 10% and gross profit per vehicle unit -- gross profit per Wholesale unit grew by 7% or $67. Other sales and revenues increased 13% year-over-year due to a $9 million improvement in third-party finance fees; CAF income up 9% to approximately $95 million. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Reedy to talk about finance. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. In the first quarter CAF income grew 9% compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2014 and average managed receivables grew 20% to $7.4 billion. CAF weighted average contract rate, the rate charged to customers was 7.2% versus 7.0% in last year's first quarter. This rate continues to be relatively stable at around 7% for the past six quarters. The allowance for loan losses grew to $75 million. This represents 1% of managed receivables which is consistent with last year. Credit losses for the quarter were moderately better than our expectations. And CAF net penetration at 41% was relatively flat compared to last year’s first quarter. Net loans originated in the quarter rose 10% to $1.2 billion in line with the growth in the total used unit sales. Customers funded in the subprime space, those for which we have historically paid a discount, represented about 16% of our sales in the first quarter compared with 21% of our sales in last year’s first quarter and approximately one of this -- one point of this was related to CAF test. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you. SG&A for the quarter increased approximately 8% to $313 million. On a per unit basis, SG&A declined $39 to $2,047 per unit compared to $2,086 in the first quarter of fiscal ‘14. SG&A on a per unit basis benefited from a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of $56. During the first quarter, we opened up four new stores, three in new markets for CarMax in Rochester, Dothan, Alabama and Spokane, Washington, our first store in the Pacific North West and one in our Harrisburg, Pennsylvania market. After the first quarter ended, we also opened a store in Madison, Wisconsin, another new market for CarMax. It’s the first of four stores we plan to open in the second quarter of this year. Our comps for the quarter were driven by our growth in store traffic. Our web traffic also continued to expand significantly for the quarter. Average monthly web visits grew to over 14 million, up 25% compared to the same period last year. Visits to our mobile site represented approximately 30% of total visits while visit utilizing our mobile app represented another 13% of the total. And with that, operator, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel, Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: Hi. It’s Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer. Good morning.
Tom Reedy: Hi Brian.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: Congratulations on a real nice quarter.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: So I thought, I want to start with a bigger picture question for Tom Folliard and then I had a couple of smaller kind of detailed questions. But the bigger picture question I have, Tom, is if you look at these results today and they were really good. If you look at the business and the environment you’re operating, did something shift positively here in the first quarter of fiscal ‘14 that maybe wasn’t in place through last year. And maybe the other way to ask the question is we think about our models and what we see here in the first quarter. How sustainable are the trends that we saw really throughout the P&L and throughout the divisions of this business?
Tom Folliard: First off, Brian, we didn’t do anything different in the quarter. We’re just trying to run a great business and execute better every day and control cost and provide a great customer experience. And I apologize that our business isn’t that predictable and it’s a little difficult to model because we have what I think is a terrific source of profit that are quite diversified. And you see our comps are only up three, four points but over two year, they are up 20. Our wholesale has been a little behind retail for a while but that was up 10 in the quarter. CAF continues to deliver good results but there is nothing structurally different in what we did. Our stores continue to provide a great experience for our customers and they continue to grow. And then we’re opening up stores at a pace that is the fastest pace we’ve ever done before, opening 13 stores this year, another 13 -- I mean 13 last year and another 13 scheduled for this year. So I’d say we’re just doing the things that we said we’re going to do.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: Got it. And then some of these more detailed question. We’ve looked at the subprime penetration which is something around 16% this year -- I'm sorry this quarter, down from over 20% same quarter last year. I know you don’t manage towards this but how should we think about subprime penetration going forward?
Tom Folliard: We don’t have to think about going forward. It’s largely the result of the credit flow through our stores. We’ve always talked about the fact that we want to make sure our customers have access to credit at all kinds of different scales of credit. And if you look at our applicant flow, we’re still at 90% of our applicants are getting approval of some kind. We told you last year at this time that our subprime providers had got a little more aggressive. We told you in the third quarter that they had pulled back a little bit. And so it makes sense. It was 21% last year when we thought people would be a little bit more aggressive and we saw a little pull back. We were flat in the fourth quarter. We’re slightly down in this quarter. It’s not that surprising based on what we have told everybody. But in terms of where it comes out long term, it’s not really within our control.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: Got it. And then the final question. On the wholesale, gross profit for wholesale vehicle, that popped up more and was there something funny there or was that somewhat reflective of the overall environment too?
Tom Folliard: I think that there has been, there is some -- if you look at all of the external data on appreciation, there was some slightly higher appreciation during the quarter. That’s always going to benefit our buy rate a little bit and it always going to benefit our margin. So that’s the one that -- I think it’s only the second time, we’ve been over $1000. I didn’t think it was sustainable before and I don’t think it is now.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer: Got it. Well, thanks and congrats.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia, William Blair. Your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Hi. Good morning. So just two questions. I guess, first on the wholesale business because that was a really big surprise on the quarter how well that business did. I think it was the best quarter in a year or two in that business. Was it just external dynamics that really contributed to that or wasn’t anything different internally that you were doing that was helping kind of raise the traffic or that buy rate?
Tom Folliard: No, not a thing. You know, what I’ve been saying and I’m glad I’m finally right is that I believe over time wholesale and retail will grow at a similar pace. I don’t think there -- they seem to almost never be connected in a quarter. They happen to be this quarter. Both group total sales were -- total retail sales grew at 10%, total wholesale grew at 10%. But if you remember just two or three years ago, we had wholesales sales grow 30% in the first quarter on top of 50% in the first quarter prior. So there is a lot of volatility in that business as well but I still believe over time that retail and wholesale will grow similarly over a long period of time. This quarter they happened to match up.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Are you still seeing as the market ages the wholesale business pick up as people become more familiar with that option at CarMax. And I was wondering, I guess, if the national advertising that you do now, if you focus at all about we’ll buy your car and if that might help around the edges?
Tom Folliard: We’ve always had a piece of our advertising around we’ll buy your car, it wasn’t -- we did not change it in the quarter. So there was nothing different about the way we advertised or approached the business this quarter.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: So you know it came out the way it did.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: All right. Thanks.
Tom Folliard: Thanks Sharon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy, Bank of America. Your line is open.
Liz Suzuki - Bank of America: Good morning. This is Liz Suzuki on for John. The $39 per vehicle reduction in SG&A this quarter was pretty impressive. What were the major components of that cost reduction and can we expect that kind of improvement going forward?
Tom Folliard: Well, $56 of the $39 came from stock-based compensation expense. So that’s not necessarily a good guy. And I think a 3-ish percent comps we wouldn’t expect to get leverage like this. So if not for stock-based compensation expense change, I mean, reduction of $56, we would not have leveraged.
Liz Suzuki - Bank of America: Got it. Okay.
Tom Folliard: We need mid-to-high single digits if we’re in a growth phase to leverage. And we still believe that.
Liz Suzuki - Bank of America: Got it. And would you categorize the lower subprime penetration rate this quarter as being driven more from the supply side or the demand side. I mean, in other words, are your lenders pulling back a little bit or are you seeing fewer subprime customers coming in?
Tom Reedy: It was a question on Tier 3 or on cap. I’m sorry.
Tom Folliard: It was on subprime.
Tom Reedy: No, I think it’s -- we need to take step back and think about it, subprime penetration is going to be a combination of factors driving it. One is the credit coming through the door and then another is the behavior of the other lenders in the system. And over time we worked to try to build, as Tom mentioned, a broad spectrum of lenders so that customers have access to credit and I think we are very happy with the partners we have today. We’ve got nothing but praise for them. You look at cash penetration, it was flat. Subprime was down a little bit. We did see a lift in sales that were funded by sources outside of our system. We did see a lift in sales funded by our Tier 2 partners which means they stepped up and took some customers that they may have declined in the past. So Tier 3 behavior is going to be a combination of what’s coming through the door and what makes it down to them, and finally their behavior and their credit appetite.
Tom Reedy: And then our stores ability to convert ones we have approvals to work with and the higher, the better the quality of approval, in other words lower the down payment, the better chance we have a conversion. So I would expect over time those things are going to be constantly moving as lenders continue to tweak their scorecard and make adjustments based on the performance of the portfolio that they have originated. Just like it’s been going on for the last the whole time we’ve got in business.
Liz Suzuki - Bank of America: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli, RBC. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC: So she got Ciccarelli but missed Nagel, interesting. Couple of questions, guys. First of all, Tom Reedy, can you give a little bit more color about your commentary regarding vehicles funded outside your system? Do you have any feel for kind of what kind of credit tiering that’s on? Or is that just, you just suspect that you’re still 90% plus that your subprime penetration was down?
Tom Reedy: No, Scot, we’ve historically said 20% to 25% of our business is going to get done outside of the system. That typically means credit unions or customers who have good access to financing elsewhere or cash. And then, we’ve said that cash is going to run somewhere in the low-40s and the remainder it would be split between our Tier 2 and Tier 3 partners. That’s moved around. This year Tier 2 -- this quarter Tier 2 was a bit higher than Tier 3. Last year Tier 3 was higher, but the year before Tier 2 was high. So it just depends what’s come through the door and what’s going on with the individual lenders and their credit appetite at the time.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC: Okay. Understood. And then, since I have you on the line here, with the latest securitization, Tom, it looks like losses per receivable were up quite a bit in the last three months and it basically looks like recoveries had declined, but that seems odd given the fact that wholesale pricing was so strong. Do you have any more detail or reasoning as to why the numbers look shaking out the way they did?
Tom Reedy: Not, at this point, Scot. I mean, it’s early into that deal, so I think you need to let it incubate for a little while, but we can follow up with you afterwards on if you want more - need to dig in more detail.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC: Understood. And the last question for Tom Folliard. Tom, why do you think wholesale pricing was so strong? I mean, should we be on more of a normal depreciation curve at this point as kind of that lack of supply has been filled in over the last couple of years? I just find it’s surprising that even at the Manheim level, we’ve seen prices rising, which just seems counterintuitive?
Tom Folliard: Well, in the spring, if this was what we would say a normal year, we would see some appreciation in the spring and then kind of a steady decline throughout the rest of the year. And this year, we saw more appreciation in the spring than we are used to. And lots of people attributed to weather and pent-up demand for inventory. So we will go with that.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC: I understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison, Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison - Baird: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to focus on your web traffic, I think you said it was up 25%. Would love to hear what is driving the strong growth in that metric?
Tom Folliard: That’s a measure of traffic, that’s continued to grow kind of around that pace for several years now. I think there’s a number of different factors. First and foremost, I think we have a great website. I think we have a great search engine. I think we’ve done a really nice job of making sure that when customers are on our site, whether it’s through mobile or desktop or touchscreen that they have a good experience. So I think there is that. Clearly, the Internet is becoming bigger and bigger every single year as a source of information. So I think customers just naturally are going to go to the web first. We continue to expand our geographic footprint. So we are in more markets. So we are going to get some growth there as well. Remember, that’s not comp, that’s just total traffic. So as we grow the company and we add more stores and we sell more cars and we get more -- kind of more CarMax sports people on the road, I would expect that number to continue to rise as well. So I don’t know if any one thing, I think it’s a number of different things.
Craig Kennison - Baird: I am curious whether you can analyze any of the traffic you’re getting to improve where you choose to locate stores, for example if you get a lot of traffic, it matters to Wisconsin. Is that a helpful metric as you decide in your next store?
Tom Folliard: Well, it hasn’t, I mean at this point we think the CarMax consumer offer works in just about any market in the U.S. and we are very excited to go to the places that we’re not, but we are also very excited to continue to add stores in the places where we are. And we haven’t seen that web traffic by a particular locale is an indicative of where we should build the next store. We really want to go build our stores where people are, because then they need cars and then they are buying from us.
Craig Kennison - Baird: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Fassler, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot and good morning. My first question, thinking about wholesale and the upside that you showed there. The pricing would explain the profitability, the units in the sense were really what took off most dramatically from the trend whether you compare to the prior couple of quarters, if you look at it as a percent relative to the sales of used cars. What kind of visibility do you think you have given the trends that we saw, the wholesale volume is going for? Do you think the volume piece of that could be sustainable?
Tom Folliard: Like I said, earlier, Matt, I think that wholesale volumes and retail volumes over a very long period of time will grow about the same. They seem to never be connected. They happen to be connected this time. If you think about the variables that go into that deliver a wholesale volume for us as how many customers show up at the store? Of those customers, how many get their car praised? Of the ones who get their car praised, who many sales a car? If all of those things were flat year-over-year, we should have gone up 10% because our sales went up 10%, so -- but they are never always flat. There is always movement in some of those variables. We had a strong buyer rate, a little over 30%, slightly up compared to the year prior and with total sales being up 10% and that been driven by foot traffic. It’s time to come out the way you would think it would come out. But as I said, it’s just on a quarter by quarter basis, these two things are never exactly connected.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Got it. A quick follow-up. The stock-based comp piece, can you talk about how chunky that tends to be, in other words is that an item that is more typically for Q1 based on options timing or is this something that can be volatile as it was during Q1 and throughout the year?
Tom Reedy: Matt, it’s really going to be driven of stock price. So last year in Q1, we saw stock price appreciate, this year and do so well. There is a -- we have outstanding equity grants to folks that we have to account for based on changes in stock prices and that’s really who is going to drive it.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: But you would view this as sort of an outlier move in one direction or the other, it sounds like?
Tom Folliard: It’s just something we are going to adjust on a regular basis based on the stock price. Street, it’s pretty much street, Matt.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Understood. But, is this one of the bigger moves you’ve seen in that number that you called that up?
Tom Folliard: No, I mean, we’ve seen it go the other direction as well.
Tom Reedy: Yes. Matt, we called it out mostly because it was a little distortive of our ability to leverage SG&A.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Got it.
Tom Reedy: We really want to talk that. We want to get credit for leverage on SG&A on something that’s not really under our control.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Understood. And then finally if you think about the supply of vehicles at auction and the sources thereof, are you seeing the new vehicle hit in a way that you can get access to them?
Tom Folliard: We’ve seen a few movements in our percent of sales in the first quarter by a few points over to 0 to 4 from 5 to 10 but only by 2 or 3 points, so wasn’t significant. I have been saying all along I expect that supply to come back. We have historically done really well in that segment of inventory and I expect us to do well again. But overall, there wasn’t a ton of movement.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Is that the biggest move you’ve seen in this cycle so far, that incremental creep?
Tom Folliard: Yeah, two or three points, yeah, I think over the last several quarters it’s been pretty flat, so yes.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thank you so much guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham, Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Good morning. It’s Seth Basham. First question for you is on third-party subprime penetration. You guys have talked about one lender pulling back in the past. Have you seen any of your other lending partners start to pull back?
Tom Folliard: No, I don’t recall talking about one lender specific in the past. And I will say that we’ve observed across the board in our portfolio, a bit of a tightening in terms from our lenders. We look at the sales applications rate of ourselves of all of our partners and we’ve seen that dial back a little bit for the quarter.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Got you. Okay. And as it relates to your own subprime test, it seems to be ramping a little bit more quickly than I anticipated. You guys still planning to complete that at the end of the year or is that ahead of schedule?
Tom Reedy: I say it’s on track. We said we’ve done about $30 million to date and really nothing specific to report yet. Yes, it is going to take us getting a critical mass of receivables and watching those incubate for a while before we have anything to start reporting on it. But I wouldn’t read anything into the volume today.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: And was there any impact at all on your CAF results from the additional subprime loans that you guys issued?
Tom Reedy: Not on the results. I mean, at this point it’s little early in the process with the subprime and the expected losses are still high. It’s actually a little bit of a drag on CAF earnings but it’s nothing material. We have to reserve 12 months of losses out the gate as we originate those loans. And with those loans having a higher expected loss rate than our regular portfolio until we start building up a critical mass, it’s actually going to be a little bit of a drag on our earnings but it’s very minimal and nothing to report. And as we go forward, it may have some impact on the loss provision, our average contract rate and the overall allowance. And to the extent, it does become something that merits calling out. We’ll give you that color.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Are you being extra conservative in terms to your loss provisions on the new subprime loans without the history yet?
Tom Reedy: We’re being -- we believe appropriately conservative.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Okay. And then on the wholesale, buy rate being up, that’s good. But what about the mix of cars that you guys are buying? Have you seen the mix shift back towards older cars or you still seeing that mix shift towards new or late model cars?
Tom Folliard: Well, wholesale is all stuff that doesn’t meet our retail standard. So the mix of that product has been pretty much the same and the mix of retail, I talked about earlier, couple of points of movement but not really too much.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: No, I’m just thinking about the cars you’re buying from the appraisal lanes. Are you seeing a mix shift between newer used cars and older used cars?
Tom Folliard: No. And remember the cars we buy in the appraisal lane, a whole bunch of them we sell at retail and then the rest go to wholesale so.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Okay. And then lastly on the ASPs, obviously very strong this quarter. Were you guys anticipating the strength in the ASPs wholesale car prices this quarter to be a strong as they were? If not, how did that benefit your retail business?
Tom Folliard: No. And I never like prices going up. I rather have prices go down, although I don’t think they will. So it’s a first time we have been over $20,000 average retail, since we started the business. But our margins per car were flat. So it was clearly a reflection of what the market was doing. And we talked about wholesale pricing being up during the quarter and it was simply that. And really, the only benefit from higher ASP is we get a little more on the spread when we do a CAF loan but other than that I rather see us provide lower prices to customers.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: All right. Okay. If I could sneak one last one in, the recovery rate on…
Tom Folliard: We have got to move on there, Seth.
Seth Basham - Wedbush Securities: Okay. No problem. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine, Stifel. Your line is open.
James Albertine - Stifel: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Congratulations on the solid quarter. So really quickly on just the small store formats, just a quick update there. Are there any plans within the store count openings that you suggested to incrementally add some small store formats? And then separately, I guess related, anything that you’re learning from those initiative that you maybe help glean to more efficient super store model?
Tom Folliard: So we have three small formats stores open, only one has been open for than a year, so there’s very little of anything to report. Other than we have some processes that needed to take place in order for those stores to work just from an operational standpoint and they’re working very well. They have very small inventory. We have to move cars a little bit quicker. We have cross train lots of our employees in those stores to be able to do multiple tasks and that stuffs all working really great. We don’t really have any results to report, because we just don’t have enough time under our belt with only three stores open. In this year’s growth plan, we have two more those planned, one in Lynchburg, Virginia and one in Tupelo, Mississippi. We’ve said we’re going to get five of these open and read the results for a little while. So that’s kind of where we stand. I think there will be some learnings over time with some of the stuff I just mentioned, cross-training of people and maybe the ability to run a store little bit more efficiently, but we’re long ways away from that.
James Albertine - Stifel: Great. Thank you very much. And then a quick clarification on the website, the benefits of the increase in web traffic over time, are there any transactional benefits or you precluded from transacting still online to a degree based on state by state regulations?
Tom Folliard: We don’t fully transact online. There isn’t really a preclusion. If we wanted to really press down that path, we could. We found that customers want to test drive cars. They want to -- particularly, our average cars is almost four years old, with almost 40,000 miles on it. We’ve been adding more and more capabilities for customers to do from home and they’ve been taking advantage of that and we’re very pleased with that so far. But in the last six months we now allow our customers to put cars on hold and make appointments online without speaking to anybody. We still have the capability in the number of stores for customers to transfer cars, even a pay transfer by giving their credit card online without speaking to anybody and having that car delivered. They can actually start their paper work online, making appointment for the sales consultant and show up a lot of the work already done. But in terms of fully consummating the deal online, we’re not doing that yet.
James Albertine - Stifel: Great. Thanks and good luck.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson, Stephens. Your line is now open.
Rick Nelson - Stephens: Thanks. Good morning. It’s Stephens. Can you -- comps store traffic, could you see a meaningful acceleration there this quarter?
Tom Folliard: Well, we said our comps were due to store traffic. Our comps were a little over three. I think of traffic and conversion, like I’ve mentioned wholesale earlier. I think over time that our comps will be driven partly by traffic and partly by execution increases or conversion increases. What happened over the last several years is we’ve had few quarters where all of our sales increase was driven by conversion and we’ve had sometimes where all of it has been driven by traffic. There were times when it was about a 50-50 split and I think over a long period of time, that’s kind of what we expect. It’s just so happened this quarter that our conversion was relatively flat and our comps were driven by traffic.
Rick Nelson - Stephens: Okay. And do you think you are getting any kind of benefits from the snowstorms that the business shifting from the fourth quarter to that March and May timeframe?
Tom Folliard: That’s a really difficult thing for us to measure. We’ve never really made a big deal out of weather. I think because we are an in infrequent purchase that we don’t view that we lose. We’re not like a grocery business where if you don’t sell milk, then you never get to sell that milk. We sell a car. People buy it once every five years and what we’ve seen in our history is, if we miss some sales then we kind of get them back overtime. But it’s really hard to measure. So, I wouldn’t attribute anything. We didn’t attribute anything in the fourth quarter to it and we don’t attribute anything in this quarter to it.
Rick Nelson - Stephens: Yeah. And I know you don’t like to discuss weather as an issue, but thanks very much and good luck.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston, Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston - Morningstar: Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to, I guess, two longer term questions. Can you give any color on what -- with your cash continuing to grow so well and you are doing the share buybacks? Can you disclose a minimum cash levels to run the business either in dollar terms or as a percentage of revenue?
Tom Reedy: We are not -- I don’t think we are going to talk about it in dollar terms as a percent of revenue. But we look at it more as minimum amount of liquidity to make sure that we have ample liquidity to keep inventory in our stores to keep CAF funded in the short-term period between securitization, et cetera. We are very comfortable with our levels today.
Tom Folliard: And to build stores.
Tom Reedy: And obviously to build stores and I don’t think there is anything we can really talk about as far as minimum. I would say that we are comfortable moving to a position of more leverage than we have today in the current capital structure. When you see we are doing stock buyback program and I want to extrapolate from there, but that, you have seen us before having significantly more depth than we have today and we are not uncomfortable with the level that’s higher than today.
David Whiston - Morningstar: Okay. And then what, hopefully, the very long-term question is what are you doing over the next year or so and today strategically in your planning to protect profits for the inevitable next recession?
Tom Folliard: I mean, we are just running the business and trying to get more and more efficient each and everyday. I think, we learned a lot during the last recession. We significantly improved our profitability and our execution and because of those learnings, we have been hyper focused on not losing that momentum. So I think, our store teams are doing a fantastic job of controlling cost and trying to be more and more efficient with the customer, where we have proven to be pretty good at managing inventory across a very short timeframe and I feel very confident that we were not just sitting still in that regard, we are actually better at it than we were couple a year ago. So I feel like working on what we do everyday and trying to get better at each of those things is the best defense against the recession.
David Whiston - Morningstar: Okay. It’s very helpful. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Knight, Tiger Management. Your line is open.
Alex Knight - Tiger Management: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on a great quarter. You’ve said in the past that one of the main limitations on your expansion is the number of associates you can train? Can you give us some color on ease of finding and training associates for the new stores and any progress you are making there?
Tom Folliard: Sure. We feel pretty good about where we are right now. We are, as I mentioned, although, our pace of store growth, 13 stores last year and 13 stores this year, is the most number of stores we have opened. As a percentage of our total store base, we have been much more aggressive at two different periods in the past. And I think we learned that those were little bit too fast in terms of being able to higher train, develop and have people ready to not just open new stores but to replace people in stores that they vacated. So at this pace right now we are very analytical about how we do it. We look at each position in the store. We factor in turnover levels. We try to hire people in advance. We try to hire people regionally, if we know we have store openings coming for example in California, we are going to try to staff up in stores that are closed and I feel like we have a great group of people working on that and a pretty good training program. But again, it’s something we are not satisfied with and we want to get better at everyday and we are focused on that. But right now we feel in very good shape to open up the stores that we have planned.
Alex Knight - Tiger Management: All right. Thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong, CL King & Associates. Your line is open.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Good morning. Just getting back to the average selling price, I know you talked about higher overall levels of pricing? But also to what extent might that have been influenced by mix, particularly since you had a lower sub-prime penetration in the sales mix during the quarter?
Tom Reedy: Yeah. I never think about mix of inventory based on levels of credit. I think mix of inventory based on the actual cars that we sold and there was, I mentioned, there was a slight movement towards, we said, zero to four-year old cars for a while now have been 70% of sales and five to 10-year old cars have been 30% of sales, and remember that number of, I am sorry, of five to 10-year old cars used to be 15% a long time ago and it doubled. And then we have seen that stay relatively flat for a number of years and then this quarter we saw couple of points movement. So I would say that had a little impact on the ASP but I am not sure to what extent. And I don’t know what our ASP was the quarter before, was it 19.5, somebody know.
Katharine Kenny: Yes.
Tom Reedy: 19.4, 5, so it’s up a few hundred bucks.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Yeah. And at the auctions, we hearing a lot of off-lease vehicles coming to the auctions that obviously relatively new cars three years old on average? Are you seeing more availability of those types of cars when you are looking for inventory at auctions, whether it’s Manheim, Odessa, et cetera?
Tom Folliard: Yeah. We are always, depending on what the lease rate was, two years ago and three years ago, we have very high lease rate right now, then you see those cars back at the auction. The truth is, you always see those cars back at the auction in shape or form, but if they were leased then they come back in more of an organized lane. But it is largely driven by consumer behavior not just people who lease cars, but people who buy cars and how quickly do they then trade those cars in and we have seen this -- we have kind of seen this act before with leases as a percent of total retail sales. I would say being as low as 12% or 13% and as high as 30%. But that’s a cycle, that happen, that goes up and down over the last 20 years multiple times and we have never had a problem accessing inventory.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Got it. Okay. And then just finally, you mentioned a modest reduction ESP penetration rate, anything to call out there?
Tom Folliard: No. Nothing really, we mentioned last quarter that our partners were making some pricing adjustments. We make pricing adjustments on that product all the time based on the performance of their portfolio. Remember that’s two different third parties that do our extended service plans and they manage their business to be profitable. So we had some price changes. We saw a little decline in penetration.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Matt Fassler, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. I am back.
Tom Folliard: Hi, Matt.
Tom Reedy: Okay.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Two very quick follow-ups, first of all, could you talk about your self-sufficiency ratio just year-on-year how it looked?
Tom Folliard: I didn’t, but it was around 46%, 47%, it was flattish year-over-year.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: 46%, 47%. Thank you. And then secondly, obviously, we recently saw an IPO from the company called TrueCar, is that, I know has focused on price transparency to the new dealer, to the new car channel, working hand-in-hand with dealers it seems, but also has a product for used cars, interested on your perspective on some of these tools? I guess, this one in particular, because of its profile, whether you see this is an emerging trend and what your best sense is of how to deal with that?
Tom Folliard: Nobody is more transparent than us with pricing and we have never really had to use the third-party to show customers what a great offer we have at CarMax.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: And is it putting any pressure on the market that you see or really no impact?
Tom Folliard: Nothing that we have seen.
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. We turn the call back to our presenters.
Tom Folliard: All right. Thank you very much. Thanks everyone for joining us and most of all thanks to all of our associates for all you do everyday and we will see you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-04-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Briana (Ph), and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the FY14 Q4 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Katharine Kenny, Vice President, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you and good morning. Thanks a lot for joining our fiscal 2014 fourth quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today as always are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance, are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events, results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2013, filed with the SEC and our new 10-K will be out shortly. Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me again ask you to refrain from asking more than one question before rejoining the queue so that everyone can have a chance. Thank you very much. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Well all-in-all, it was a great year for CarMax I’ll go through some of the highlights of the year and of the quarter. First for the year total revenues were up 15% to a little over $12.5 billion. Used unit comps increased by 12%, our strongest comp performance since fiscal 2002 and total used units grew by 18%. Wholesale units up 5%, CAF income grew 12% to more than $336 million, net earnings grew 13% to a record $493 million and net earnings per diluted share rose 16% to $2.16. On the market share front our data indicates that we increased our share of the zero to 10 year old used vehicle markets by about 17%, bringing our total to approximately 5%. We also opened 13 stores during the fiscal year, the most in any year in our history. As for the fourth quarter, used unit comps up 7%, that’s a combination of a modest traffic improvement and continued improvements in conversion and total used units grew by 12%. Total used vehicle gross profit grew by 12%; used vehicle gross profit per unit was $2,141 in both this and last year’s fourth quarter. Wholesale units increased by 2%, and have a little bit more than 30% our appraisal buy rate was slightly higher than last year’s fourth quarter. Our gross profit per vehicle fell $32 to $953 per unit. CAF quarterly income grew by 6% to $81 million this quarter. I’ll now turn it over to Tom Reedy. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thanks Tom. Good morning everybody. CAF delivered another solid year with income up 12% and average managed receivables growing 23% to more than $7 billion. In the fourth quarter, CAF income grew 6% compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. Weighted average contract rate, the average rate charged to customers, has been relatively stable over the past several quarters. For accounts originated during the quarter the rate was 7.2% compared to 7.1% in last year’s fourth quarter and 7% in this year’s third quarter. The allowance for the loan losses increased to $70 million in line with growth in managed receivables and a 1% flat as percentage of net receivables compared to last year. For CAF, net loans originated in the quarter rose 4% to $1 billion. Our net penetration was 40% for the current year’s fourth quarter versus 43% for the prior year's fourth quarter. Third-party subprime providers accounted for about 17% of our sales in the fourth quarter. That’s flat year-over-year which represent some moderation versus the first three quarters where we saw an increase to 5 points in Q1 and 3 points in each of Q2 and Q3. As we said in the press release, we launched our test in January to learn more about originating and servicing customers who would typically be funded by our subprime providers. During the quarter, we originated $9 million. It’s very early in this process and we will share information and learnings once it is appropriate. Before I turn the call back to Tom, I will take a moment to discuss the accounting correction associated with our cancellation of reserves for the ESP and GAP products. During the fourth quarter, we developed a new approach to projecting cancellations for ESP and GAP. Our previous method works well historically when trends were relatively stable. However, we learned it was too slow to identify changes in underlying cancellation trends. Over time, modifications to the products and our administration of them along with an evolution in our business, meaning a greater percentage of our sales coming from subprime financing caused changes in the overall cancellation profile of these products. We failed to adequately reflect these changes in our cancellation reserve and have made the Q4 correction described in the release. We are now using a more sophisticated model that takes more granular view of the data and we believe we will provide a better and more timely identification of changes in cancellation trends. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you. SG&A for the fiscal year increased 12%, to $1.2 billion on a per unit basis, that’s a decline of $102 a car, to $2,161 compared to $2,263 in fiscal ’13 driven by our 12% CAFs. As you know SG&A expenses are largely fixed variable expenses represent approximately 25% to 30% of our cost structure. During the fourth quarter we opened five stores including our entry into the Philadelphia market with two stores, we also added one in each of our existing markets in St. Louis, Washington and Baltimore and Sacramento. After the fourth quarter ended, we opened stores in two new markets, Dothan, Alabama and Rochester, New York. Including these two stores we currently plans to open 13 stores in fiscal 2015 including the opening of our first store in the Cleveland market which is notable since it is Katharine’s home town.
Katharine Kenny: Yes.
Tom Folliard: While our store traffic has increased modestly during fiscal ’14 our web traffic continues to expand significantly. For the year, average monthly web visits grew to 12 million, up 32% compared to fiscal ’13, and by the end of the year average monthly visits had grown to over 13 million a month with visits to our mobile site representing approximately 30% of that and our mobile app traffic is about 12% of the total. And lastly we are pleased that after the end of the year CarMax’s board of directors authorized an additional $1 billion expansion to our share repurchase program. And with that we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities; your line is open.
Matt Nemer: A couple of questions. First, Tom, could you talk to the weather impact to the quarter? I don’t know if you measured store days lost or some function of that, would be curious what the impact was.
Tom Folliard: Yes, I am sure there was impact in the quarter. We don’t do a store days lost Matt, but you know in my memory we had it one day where we had 30 stores closed. We had days when we had the entire Dallas market closed which I don’t really remember that happening. Historically we have always felt like we get those sales back and they might shift from quarter to quarter. So it is very difficult for us to attribute a sales loss or gain to a quarter because of weather. But it was obviously pretty significant as I said, with the number of closed stores; it also has an impact on our ability to produce cars. So it is a combination of traffic for sales and the shops being shut down and not being able to get inventory out front, I think the stores have done a fantastic job of working through some very challenging circumstances during the quarter to put us in a good position going forward, but there is no question it had an impact, I just can’t really quantify.
Matt Nemer: Okay, great. And then secondly, could you just talk to what impact the mix to subprime has had on ESP revenue over the last year, so just explain, or help explain maybe what is different about that purchase from an ESP standpoint?
Tom Folliard: Hey Matt, from an ESP standpoint, there is not a dramatic difference in our penetration between subprime and other sources funded through our channel, meaning CAF or other partners. We do see a difference, we don’t see as attachment of the ESP product, if customer does not finance internally with CAF or with one of our partners. But to the point, on the reserve through, I mean, the increase in the subprime customers as the percent of sales, if you could step back and think about, as subprime has got a higher default rate. The biggest reason we see a return to ESP is because of the customer exiting the car that could be because they bought another car that could be because they’ve got repossessed or something else going on for financing. So as there has been a higher percentage of subprime in the business the ESP returns have evolved this much. As far as the attach 30 ESP in our penetration there is not a significant difference between subprime and another channel within CarMax.
Tom Folliard: So it’s no real impact on revenue Matt just on the returns.
Matt Nemer: Got it, okay. That’s helpful, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Brian Nagel: I want to maybe shove a couple questions into one question, all tied around subprime. So, Tom Folliard, when you reported your third-quarter results, you called out a -- I guess it was somewhat of a disruption in the subprime relationship with one of your partners. So maybe if we can get an update on that, in the last three months, what you have seen there. Then the follow-up to that would be, as you look at the subprime penetration, which is now 17%, flat year-on-year, is that CarMax topping that out? Or is there some other factor out there that is basically keeping it from growing year-on-year?
Tom Folliard: Well, certainly not CarMax topping it out, and what we talked about it at the end of the third quarter was a slight pullback we saw from our subprime providers and as Tom mentioned in his opening remarks we saw subprime as a percent of sales grow by a few points at each of the first three quarters so we continue to see some of the behaviors that we’ve seen out of our partners in terms of getting more aggressive with the origination channel that CarMax provides. And at the end of the third quarter, we mainly noted that we saw that pullback some we didn’t assign a magnitude to it because we weren’t so sure and as it has come out in the fourth quarter, this is still a very strong quarter for us, it’s a big percentage mix of our sales at 17% it’s flat year-over-year. So we can’t control what our subprime providers do or any of our lenders for that matter they have all their own models. They see these loan applications after they’ve been declined by everybody else. They’re terrific partners they’ve been a great add to our business and they allow us to offer credit terms to a full suite of credit profile that enter our store each and every day. So that’s how it came out for the quarter, how they’ll move going forward, it’s very difficult to say but all we were talking about at the end of the third quarter was we didn’t expect to see continued expansion as it relates to the percent of sales.
Brian Nagel: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot. Good morning. My first question relates to CAF so if we look at the loss ratio that you experienced this quarter the prior two year seasonally that number had come down year on year it was up a bit which is not the first time that had been the case in recent years but it was up a bit more than we’ve seen for a few quarter. So any comments on the moves and the loss ratio and what that means how that reflects your experience in marketplace?
Tom Reedy: No Matt I don’t think there is anything to call out particularly in the loss ratio where it’s at today is essentially what we would expected based on the evolution of our portfolio and the expense we have done over the last couple of years. I will comment that weather does impact credit as well with people being able to make payment, make calls et cetera but we don’t think there is the big impact there. If you remember last quarter we did talk about it favorable loss experience in the third quarter and early in the year that was something that didn’t materialize this quarter, so that would explain a little bit of it as well. As far as losses we’re not seeing anything unusual.
Tom Folliard: Yes actually in line with our expectations.
Matthew Fassler: Then as relates to subprime, as we think big-picture about this business, can you talk about the cost of servicing a subprime loan over the life of that loan, compared to servicing a higher-quality credit?
Tom Reedy: Yes Matt I mean obviously if you think about subprime the cost of servicing is going to be significantly higher than the average of our portfolio. But I would point out that it’s not going to be dramatically higher than kind of the lowest stand of what we already do in the CAF business. We already do a pretty wide spectrum, and obviously we’re accounting for that accordingly in our estimation of whether it makes sense from a profitability perspective or not.
Tom Folliard: I think we have quite a bit of experience with frequent contact with customers.
Matthew Fassler: If we think about the $1,000 bogie, which is currently roughly what you pay your third-party partners, and we think about the cost to bring that in-house, should we assume that that compares favorably to the fees you pay to third parties?
Tom Reedy: I mean Matt I think we’re going into this test not as similar we’re going to breakeven it or not make money with this product from the perspective of so we intent to go forward and if this thing make sense we would intent to have the finance piece on its own been viable from a profitability perspective. The $1,000 that we avoid from the discounts from the third party lenders will be incremental to that.
Tom Folliard: But it’s merely part of the calculation, clearly part of the calculation we would so many things go as we would hope we’d expect to make money on the financing independent of that 1,000, so the answer is yes it would be (multiple speakers)
Matthew Fassler: Okay. Then finally, just by way of cleanup, last year I think you originally disclosed 15% penetration for third-party subprime providers. A couple of our clients have called this out to us. This year you identified the penetration at 17% and said that was flat with a year ago. So are you essentially restating the year-ago penetration of subprime?
Tom Folliard: We are not restating it, Matt, but there is a program we have that’s a lead generation program that has become a more significant part of the business. So, as it got to the point where it mattered in the number, we started adding it in and really back just to make sure that things are consistent year-over-year.
Matthew Fassler: All right. We will clean that up with Katharine later. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. Your line is open.
Sharon Zackfia: Hi, good morning. I know it hasn't been a ton of time since you have had the smaller format stores. But I am just curious, as you have changed the operations for those smaller markets, if there is anything yet that you are seeing that maybe you can extrapolate and back-solve from an operational efficiency standpoint to your more large historical stores.
Tom Folliard: That’s a good question Sharon and it is still a little bit early. We only have, we have three of those stores opened now that we opened Dothan, Alabama and we have not yet rolled anything back into the existing stores. But I do think there will be opportunities there particularly around labor sharing and the ability to cross-train people to do multiple things in the store as oppose to in our higher volume stores if you are a buyer or you are in the business office or you are in sales, you can stay busy doing that one thing whereas in one of these smaller stores you really have to be able to do multiple things and that’s true for both commission associates and hourly associates. So, I think some of those learnings, we will absolutely be able to go back into the bigger stores. We haven’t had a chance to do that yet nor have we had enough time to read the results. But so far we have the three stores open and some of the things that we have to do in that store like leverage inventory on a grander scale, have more rapid transfers to make sure customers have access to more inventory than just a 100 cars representing that store that stuff is all working very smoothly so far. But we don’t have much else to report in terms of results.
Sharon Zackfia: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Good morning. My question is around subprime as well. I just would like to better understand. In the course of the last few months or in the next few months, do you plan on testing or signing up any other third-party providers to fill that gap that is left by the pullback with one of your current providers?
Tom Folliard: I would say no. We can’t get across the spectrum of our lending with our partners we are always testing but where do we test is we look and see if the lender brings incremental values to the table meaning that they are proving things others don’t and to the extent partners either fits in Tier 2 or the Tier 3 space, if do that, we will consider. But we are very happy with our relationships. One nice thing about CarMax and our growth plan is we believe there is room for us to potentially participate in that space and for our partners to continue to grow their business as well that’s the benefit of building stores every year and taking market share. And in terms of a pull back, Seth, it really as you see in the fourth quarter, just came out flat, it’s not a pull back, it’s a pull back on the growth rate. But in terms of, again being able to provide great offers to a whole suite of credit customers in our stores, it came through again in the fourth quarter to work really well.
Seth Basham: Right, understood. So you look forward -- I don't know if you want to provide any forward-looking guidance; but would you expect that trend to persist, where you won't see any further penetration of subprime into 2014?
Tom Folliard: As you know Seth, we don’t provide any forward-looking guidance but again we can’t control at our models.
Tom Reedy: That’s going to depend on the appetite of our lenders and what they are seeing in the business that they originates through our channel and we want them to run a profitable business. Our main goal is to have a sustainable source of financing for all of our customers.
Seth Basham: Right. Last related question is just on your subprime test. When do you expect to have conclusive evidence whether or not you're going to pursue it more broadly?
Tom Folliard: I mean I would say it’s going to be at least a year.
Tom Reedy: Yes, our plan is to originate about $70 million as Tom mentioned earlier we are up to about 9 and then it’s going to take a lot of the results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Craig Kennison: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. You mentioned in the press release that your share of the 1 to 10-year-old car market is up 17%. Can you give us the number of cars in that cohort and what your actual market share is?
Tom Folliard: Well we also mentioned our actual market share is approximately 5% of 0 to 10 year old cars sold. I am not sure of the number; 21 million Katharine says the number of cars in that cohort. So, I mean it’s a really great share gain. We have the best comps we have had since 2002 and I don’t have the numbers right in front me but it’s as good a share gain as I can remember over the last several years. Value of the used car market is still, it’s not like it’s growing rapidly, so it’s still either flat or slightly down depending on whose estimate you look at. So, we are really pleased with our ability to continue to grow share.
Craig Kennison: And can I have a follow-up, can you tell us what’s your best market share is on a local basis?
Tom Folliard: We have talked about 10% to 15% depending on the age of the store and every market is little bit different and some markets aren’t fully stored but we think 10% to 15% is a reasonable number over a long period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Scot Ciccarelli: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Can you talk about the sensitivity between CAF penetration rates and the slightly higher collateral coupon rates we saw in the latest securitization? Logically it makes sense, but is there an intention to start to tighten up credit a little bit on the CAF side?
Tom Folliard: No anything that you’re seeing on the CAF side is going to be mostly a byproduct of what’s coming through the door. I mean as we mentioned before we’re continually testing on pricing and different pockets of credit that we can look at. But from a big picture perspective we have not changed our approach and there is nothing to read into that.
Scot Ciccarelli: So you don’t think the slightly higher collateral coupon rate that you are charging customers impacted their take rate at all?
Tom Folliard: That’s more function of the market Scot, yes.
Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. Then just a follow-up. Can you provide any more color regarding how we should think about SG&A trends during the next year or two? You guys had to do a lot of, let's call it investment spending, before you started on your store growth path. We are up and running now, and obviously that compares against a lean infrastructure. And again, without providing specific guidance, just a better way to think about SG&A trends. Thanks.
Tom Folliard: I think you’re referring to us restarting our store growth plan which we’re in full swing now and as we mentioned we opened 13 stores this year we plan to open another 10 to 15 for the next three also. But that’s been a steady build up. So that’s a cost pressure we’ve had to overcome. As you saw in our results if we can deliver comps at this level, we’re going to provide some pretty good leverage on a per unit basis over time. And we also pointed out this time that about 25% to 30% of our total SG&A cost is variable and that number is going to flex up and down with sales. But as we’ve always said we’re still in a growth mode, we’re not growing significantly more next year than we did this year but there is still quite a bit of cost around growth, there is quite a bit of cost around fringes and some changes in kind of some of the fixed cost base. And we continue to make investments in our business. So again I feel like as long as we can deliver solid comps we’ll be able to leverage SG&A pretty well.
Scot Ciccarelli: So Tom Reedy I think you have talked about kind of what comp you would need to leverage SG&A historically? What would that number look like today?
Tom Reedy: I think we have nothing different; it’s the same kind of level that 48% comp, mid to high single-digit we think we got some leverage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Shankar with Morgan Stanley your line is open.
Yijay Ying: Morning, everyone. This is Yijay in for Ravi. Just one question for me before I jump back in the queue. Could you provide a bit more color on the mix of your used cars that you sold in the quarter? And maybe just comment on how that has evolved over time and how you think that will impact your gross margin going forward.
Tom Folliard: Yeah, we have talked about this in the past and we’ve done as you can look at our numbers over the last several years as our mix has moved and changed, we’ve done a pretty decent job of managing margin around that. So we’re not thinking that a mix shift is going to impact our ability to manage margins. But we really haven’t seen much in the way of mix shift over the last couple of years. In terms of mix of age our zero to four mix remains approximately 70% of our total sales and our five to 10 year mix is around 30%. As you remember a few years ago we talked about that number of five to 10 year old cars having doubled, coming out of the recession from 15% to around 30%. But that number has been pretty stable for the last couple of years. And we really didn’t see much in terms of a mix shift in sport utilities or compacts or anything of that nature. So last couple of years it’s been relatively stable in terms of mix.
Yijay Ying: In terms of the age then just a quick follow up. Do you expect that to improve, maybe improve is the wrong word but do you expect zero to five to increase this year and over the next couple of years then?
Tom Folliard: We have been anticipating with the increase in SAAR that we would see our mix of zero to four year old cars increase; it just didn’t happen over the last couple of years. So do we expect going forward at some point? Yes, but we’ve also seen a slowdown in the SAAR growth, I think it ended a little over 16 million at the end of last month and I think only like a 2% growth. But that’s really the driver of supply obviously. So the other factor is going to be consumer behavior and how quickly do they trade out cars and that’s just something we really can’t predict. But over time we would expect our mix to start to move a little bit more in that direction as the supply comes back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel. Your line is open.
James Albertine: Great. Thanks for taking the question and good morning, everyone. Just to follow on to a prior question as it related to the aggregate used vehicle market, I think you mentioned flat to slightly down in aggregate, but yet 17% share gains for you specifically. I am sure you probably have the data. Is there a way to sort of help us get to the bottom of -- is it negative sort of person-to-person transactions that’s offsetting growth in retail formats? So it’s said another way, are the retail formats actually growing relative to that commentary around flat to slightly down for the aggregate marketplace?
Tom Folliard: Well that is -- what we’re talking about is retail not wholesale. So I am not really sure of your question.
James Albertine: Okay. I wanted to make sure I understood that correctly then.
Tom Folliard: Based on retail cars sold, when we look at our wholesale business of whatever north of 300,000 units sold, those are all not included in the transaction -- I’m sorry, included in the share calculation. The share calculation is only of cars retail. And we have talked about this data set in the past. It’s a difficult data set to get your arms around. Approximately a third of all cars resale are sold from person to person. That number has been pretty stable over the last several years. And this is our best estimate. It’s the way we have been doing it for years and it’s our best estimate. Share and - I am not sure it’s exactly precise but I am sure that we’ve gained share pretty significantly and had a level that - as good as we’ve seen in several years.
James Albertine: If I can, and I know that you don't give intrayear granularity, but given the surge in the off-lease vehicles that we are seeing come back into the marketplace, is there a tendency -- do your share gains incrementally ramp as that surge has progressed? Said another way, back half of last year maybe did those share gains accelerate as far as you saw it?
Tom Folliard: We never really correlated share gains with changes in supplies that relates to leases. Having been here for 20 years and seeing lease percentages as a percent of new cars sold move up and down over that time period and then subsequently those cars coming back into the market place, if not really something that we have seen as a predictable variable to say that we would either gain more share or sell more cars.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Edelstein with Stephens Inc; your line is open.
Joe Edelstein: Hi, good morning. Each month we look at the monthly securitization filings that you put on the website. But the piece that we just don't get a lot of visibility on is what is in the warehouse and what is happening there. Could you just give us an update as to what the average net spread on those loans look like? Should we just assume that it is similar to the most recent securitization, which was down closer to like a 6.2% (multiple speakers) spread?
Tom Folliard: I think, looking at the securitization is a good proxy, because you can lock down on what actually out there. We are also giving you this data every quarter on our originations. And so from, that’s a pretty good indication that you could get on what’s going on in the warehouse, looking at the quarterly origination information and then kind of combining that with what you got up there in the public domain. And things are moving relatively quickly from the warehouse to the securitization…
Tom Reedy: We are doing one every quarter these days, based on the origination of the CAFs. I think it is pretty decent proxy.
Joe Edelstein: Right. I guess as the timing of those newer securitizations do become a bigger part of the portfolio mix and you roll off the older, higher-rate deals, can you comment at all on what your expectation would be for net spreads as we progress throughout this year?
Tom Folliard: I mean, we’ve not given any guidance about things going forward for a couple of years. But I think if you -- I think you can take the data out there on securitization and you can kind of see how to work itself through. It usually takes us couple of years for things to work through after we make the change in rate or you can observe a change in spread, and we expect that –
Joe Edelstein: And the expense is steadily declining here for the last couple of years and that’s kind of just that what we should expect going forward at this point?
Tom Folliard: I think we should expect it’s going to be where the market leads it to be. And we are going to provide a competitive rate of financing per customer, that’s the most important thing that we do with CAF, as we are sitting in the catbird seat, if you will, as far as looking at those amounts, first we have provided competitive product. Cost of fund is going to be what it is and we’re going to charge what the market allows us. That’s why we continuously-- and you know the spread that we’re living at today is significantly better than historic levels still. And we are very happy with the profitability level of CAF. It started having growth going forward, that’s going to give by-products of them providing competitive offer and us growing core business in a number of sales that we run through the CarMax channel.
Joe Edelstein: Sure. If I may just ask one more question about the provision rate, that provision rate has picked up sequentially throughout the year. I guess there are some seasonality factors I am sure that go into that calculation. But can you just speak a little bit more directly to your calculation process there related to the provision? Should we model it and expect it to step up throughout the coming year as well?
Tom Folliard: All I could comment is, as I did earlier that I think the provision for loan losses is in line with our expectations, where it should be for the portfolio, and that’s pretty much in line as far as we can talk about going forward.
Joe Edelstein: Okay. Do you have the ending delinquency balance handy, by chance? I know you will put that in the filing, but just if you have that.
Tom Folliard: Yes, Katharine and Celeste can get back if you wanted to, and give some detail on that.
Joe Edelstein: Just a couple of follow-ups. That’s all. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates; your line is open.
Bill Armstrong: Good morning. A question about market share. I think you said earlier you have about 5% total share. I assume that is throughout the United States. Could you update us on some of your more mature markets where you've got a lot of penetration, like Chicago, Washington, Atlanta? What sort of share do you think you have there right now?
Tom Folliard: Bill, first that number is not the entire United States, it’s only the markets that we’re in.
Bill Armstrong: The only ones you are in, okay.
Tom Folliard: May be a little more than half, so if you look at it as a share nationally it’s probably approximately half of that. And I talked earlier about markets where we have seen more mature markets achieving somewhere in the 10% to 15% range that’s about as high as it goes. We are not going to get into specific detail around markets but again and the data is, it’s challenging dataset that we have tried to have a consistent way to look at it over a long period of time. And recently as our sales mix has moved into the older category and a more significant percentage, we will now report only 0 to 10 year old share which is more representative of what we fell in aggregate.
Bill Armstrong: Right. In those more mature markets where you have had a significant presence for now a few car-buying cycles, do you see market share continuing to grow? Or is that stabilizing and leveling off?
Tom Folliard: The reason I put a wide range around it is, it’s just again it’s a difficult measure. The second part is, in some of our more mature markets where we thought maybe it was only a three store market or a five store market because of our ability to grow, we have been able to go back in and add more stores which contributes to more share. So, we are still a relatively young company particularly if you look at the number of stores we have that have been through a couple of buying cycles. So, I think we got a long way to go to continue to learn but I think that’s a pretty good range to work with what I said earlier.
Bill Armstrong: Okay. Just one really quick follow-up. The ratio of wholesale cars to retail cars has been going down for the last few quarters. What is driving that trend? Can you remind us?
Tom Folliard: That’s a difficult one for us to get our arms around other than we think over a long period of time they will kind of grow around the same. And remember we have couple of years where the disconnect was gigantic in the other direction.
Bill Armstrong: Yes.
Tom Folliard: Where our wholesale approximately doubled over two years, so it’s really strong volumes. We run a great auction business. We have great wholesale customers that support us each and every week and I think we provide great customer service and it’s been a terrific part of the total CarMax diversified business model.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Hi, this is Liz Suzuki on for John. With the accounting correction, how should we think about modeling ESP and GAP revenue and gross profit going forward? Is it going to remain closer to the lower levels of this quarter? Or was that accounting correction just a one-time adjustment that shouldn't be ongoing?
Tom Folliard: So, that’s very good question Liz and it is an adjustment to take care of going back over the last few years but in terms of the magnitude of the dollars on a per contract basis, it’s approximately 30 bucks. So, in terms of our ability to price that back, we would feel like that’s a number that we could easily price back without much impact on penetration. Now that being said, the product itself has price changes all the time. We have been doing this for a long time over 20 years and as our partners learn more about the product and about the performance, we will see price changes. We do anticipate additional price changes this year to the product unrelated to the change required to get back the reserve. The impact that that will have on our penetration, we will have to see. We have also done a great job of training and developing our store teams to be able to sale the product. We think it’s a great deal for our customers. Our customers who buy ESP product as a group are happier than those that don’t. So, we continue to believe in it and although it’s a minor adjustment on a per car basis, it obviously have the impact that it did and we believe we fixed it going forward.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Great, thank you. Just one quick one. Regarding used vehicle pricing, are you seeing any impact from the GM recall on the pricing of your inventory for Chevy, Pontiac, or Saturn vehicles? And are you hearing any concerns either from the ABS market or elsewhere about residual projections coming down?
Tom Folliard: We have not yet, I am not saying that that won’t happen but as of yet no, we haven’t seen much of an impact on pricing or we certainly haven’t heard anything from anybody in the lending world.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of avid Whiston with Morningstar. Your line is open.
David Whiston: Good morning. A question on the comp performance. You often cite improvements from improved execution in our stores. I was just wondering if you could get a little more detail about that. I mean, I assume it's been the same playbook all along. But what has been changing at a more granular level to be better?
Tom Folliard: It kind of is the same playbook, so it’s not, and I couldn’t point to any one thing. I just think our teams have done a really great job. We are also more experienced, we have some more experienced sales people in our stores who are better at selling. We have talked about credit in the past being a factor, car quality is a factor, having the right inventory in the right place at the right time is a factor for conversion. So, conversion is a multi-person effort. It’s not just a sales person in the store. It’s a combination of whole bunch of different things, I think the initiatives that we have worked on over the last several years to get more efficient and become a better operator, I think have also helped. So, it really is a combination of things and I really couldn’t be more proud of our store teams for how hard they have worked over the last several years to continue to improve our execution.
David Whiston: Okay. On the capital structure, is there any thoughts on ever taking on debt for buybacks?
Tom Folliard: As you can see we have got a significant amount of cash on the balance sheet today. We are generating a lot of cash. So the answer to that, we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it. We’re obviously concerned about making sure we’re returning capital to shareholder appropriately. That said I don’t think we’d be uncomfortable with more leverage in our capital structure and we have significant access to capital to the extent we wanted to do that. We’ve got unused credit facility three quarters to the billion dollars and access to capital from a number of other venues if you wanted to.
David Whiston: I guess related would be: what about a dividend?
Tom Folliard: As I said we’re constantly thinking about what’s the best thing for our shareholders and if we have something to talk about on that front we will, but at this point there is nothing to talk about.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Wedbush. Your line is open.
Seth Basham: Two quick follow-ups. First, can you give us some color around tax refunds and how the year-over-year change in tax refunds tends to affect sales going through your store?
Tom Folliard: The tax refund time for us is always a seasonally high time for sales and we have to get prepped up and make sure we have the inventory ready. If you remember last year there was a delay in the tax returns but I think we saw similar delay this year it’s not something that we think impacts us over the year but it can shift sales from one quarter to the other. Although I think I am not exactly Tom I think was pretty similar to last year in terms of timing. Delayed last year and a little delayed this year as well.
Seth Basham: Got you. The data I was looking at suggested that tax refunds are up 12% year-over-year through February. So I was wondering if that had to any extent a positive effect on your business. But I guess you don't have the data to show that.
Tom Folliard: No.
Seth Basham: Got you. All right. Then secondly as it relates to wholesale, can you help us connect the dots there? With wholesale sales down and ASPs down, your buy rates up, are you seeing more limited appraisal traffic or some other factor affecting the wholesale trends?
Tom Folliard: The wholesale sales were up not down, margin was slightly down. But I mean we have seen, we went for a number of years where we saw an appreciating wholesale market which was obviously pretty unique and that provides the tailwind and for a number of different reasons I would say the last year or so have been what we would consider more of a normally depreciating market. So pretty strong buy rate, remember this is not a business that you can isolate and manage independently. It is absolutely attached to the retail business and to everything else that we do. So maintaining a strong buy rate, making sure that customers who come and want to sell us their car and also buy a car from us get a strong offer, so that they’re likely to sell us their car and then in turn buy a car from us is one of the more important things that we do. So a buy rate of around 30% that’s about as we have ever had in the quarter so wholesale comes out the way it does based on the amount of traffic that we get through the door.
Seth Basham: Okay. So no big changes in the rate of change in appraisal traffic, and no big changes in the rate of cars going to retail versus wholesale that you buy?
Tom Folliard: No.
Operator: And we have no further question in queue at this time.
Tom Folliard: Thank you operator and thank you everyone for your support and interest and just a couple of closing comments. The year when we celebrated our 20 year anniversary, we also have cumulative retail sales of over 5 million units and cumulative wholesale sales of almost 3 million units and in fiscal ‘14 alone we sold almost 870,000 total cars in those two categories. And I just want to thank our 21,000 CarMax associates for all they have done over the last 20 years to make this all possible. Thanks for joining us, we’ll talk to again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2013-12-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Robin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 FY 2014 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Katharine Kenny, you may begin your conference.
Katharine W. Kenny: Good morning. Happy holidays. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2014 third quarter earnings conference call. I have with me today Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, I need to remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2013, which is filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I would like to remind all of you that our next regular Analyst Day takes place on January 21. If you're interested in attending, please let us know. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Used unit comps for the third quarter were up 10% compared to last year despite the toughest comparison of the year, primarily due to better conversion, as well as a modest increase in traffic. Total used unit sales grew by 15% in the quarter. Used vehicle gross profit grew by 16%, and used vehicle gross profit per unit of $2,149 was generally flat compared to last year. Wholesale unit sales, up 4% due to the growth in our store base. Our wholesale gross profit was similar to the prior year, as the 4% growth in units was offset by a decrease of $36 in gross profit per unit. Extended service plan revenues were also similar to the prior year, as the reserve adjustment related to the increases in cancellations offset the effect of our sales growth. CAF quarterly income increased 16% to $84 million. The bottom line is we're pleased with another strong quarter. Net earnings grew 12% to $106.5 million, and net earnings per diluted share rose 15% to $0.47 per share. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Reedy to talk about financing. Tom?
Thomas W. Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. In the third quarter, CAF income grew 16% compared to the third quarter of FY '13. Average managed receivables increased 24% to $6.8 billion, and portfolio growth continues to be largely driven by strong origination volume. Similar to the first half of the year, managed receivables grew at a faster pace than CAF earnings, as the increase in loan volume was offset by compression in the spread versus last year's third quarter. Weighted average contract rate for accounts originated during the quarter was 7% compared to 7.7% in last year's third quarter, but up slightly from the 6.8% we saw in Q2 of this year. The allowance for loan losses increased to $68 million, and at 1% was flat as a percentage of managed receivables. Credit losses in the quarter were moderately better than our expectations. For CAF, net loans originated in the quarter rose 12% to $961 million, and net penetration was 41% for both this and the prior year's third quarter. Third-party subprime providers accounted for about 18% of our sales in the third quarter compared to 15% in last year's third quarter. As you know, we have experienced an increase in subprime volume over the last couple years, as third-party providers have made more attractive offers to customers. Late in the quarter, we began to see them tighten the credit offers that they've been providing. Finally, we plan to launch a test during the quarter to actively learn more about originating and servicing customers who would typically be financed by our subprime providers, an initiative we've been working on for over a year. Our objective, at this point, is to gain familiarity with the customer segment and to determine if it is appropriate for CAF to participate as one of the lenders in this space. Beginning in the fourth quarter, we plan to route a small percentage of these applications to CAF, and we'd expect to originate approximately $70 million over the course of the next year. This represents less than 2% of what CAF originated from -- in the last 12 months, and we plan to fund this test separately from our securitization vehicles. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you. Regarding our sales mix, there were very few changes of note. Similar to the second quarter, sales of compacts and midsized vehicles grew a few percentage points. As we've discussed before, our mix of vehicles will vary based on customer demand. Total SG&A for the quarter increased by 11%, reflecting the 12% growth in our store base since the beginning of last year's third quarter and variable expenses related to higher sales. SG&A per retail unit was down $98, again, largely driven by the 10% comps. In the third quarter, our average monthly web visits neared 12 million hits per month, up 36% compared to last year's third quarter. This quarter was the first during which more than 50% of our traffic came from devices other than desktops or laptops. Average monthly visits to our mobile site represented about 26% of total visits, and visits utilizing our iPhone or Android app represented nearly 12% of our traffic. Also during the third quarter, we opened 3 stores: 1 in Jackson, Tennessee; 1 in Brandywine, Maryland; and 1 in St. Louis. And after the third quarter ended, we also opened our second store in St. Louis and 2 stores in our Philadelphia market, including our King of Prussia store, which will open today. We announced 4 planned openings for next year's third quarter. Three are in new markets for CarMax, including Portland, Oregon, Tupelo, Mississippi and Reno, Nevada. We will also open our third store in the Raleigh market. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question is from Simeon Gutman.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I have one and a follow-up. The first might have a couple of parts to it. On the finance side regarding the subprime tightening, can you talk to -- is the number of offers being made is going down or is it the same number with higher rates? And can you discuss what's sparking the change and if you're seeing any other changes in the actions of other lenders?
Thomas W. Reedy: I'll take that, Simeon. As far as what tightening means, it really means they're going backward on the changes that they've made over the past couple of years, which is downpayment and kind of ease of documentation. So it seems to slide back a little bit on that. As far as where it lands, we don't know, it's too early to tell and what that means. And as far as why they're doing it, they run their own portfolios, just like CAF does, they're managing to optimize profitability and size as well. I can't speak for them, but I guess -- I would guess that they're taking moves to manage risks based on what they've been seeing over the past couple of years. I do not believe that it's a CarMax-specific issue, though.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then the other lenders at the other part of, I guess, the portfolio, not the non-CAF stuff, some of the other lenders, are you seeing any changes there?
Thomas W. Reedy: Actually, this quarter has been a little bit positive vis–à–vis where they've been historically.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the one follow-up is in, in testing your own portfolio, is that something that was discussed with your current partners and might you expect a change in the fee you pay as a result of that test?
Thomas W. Reedy: No, this is something that we've made them aware of. In fact, we've been working with them over the past year trying to do due diligence and get smarter about the -- about working in this space, so it's not a surprise for them. And the nice thing about being back in growth mode again is that we can grow the portfolio and allow partners to continue to grow and bring new people in, like ourselves, if that's what makes sense.
Operator: And your next question is from Matt Nemer.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm just -- just a follow-up on subprime. I'm curious if your in-house auctions and the ability to sort of dispose of vehicles quickly and probably cheaper than other subprime players could potentially allow you to have a better offer in the marketplace.
Thomas J. Folliard: Matt, we dispose of a lot of our current repos through our auction channel, so I think it's just another thing that we do that makes it easy for us to run a finance business or easier to run a finance business, because we don't have to rely heavily on outside parties to dispose of repos. So it's a factor, but I don't think it's a big one.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. And, Matt, I'd also point out, we're not -- in the event that we go through this test and we determine it's the right thing to do for us, our goals are not going to be to outcompete other people in the subprime space. We're looking at it as potential profit and risk mitigation in our business.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on the warranty business, I'm curious just why the cancel rate has ticked higher. It seems like at $10 a month on a $200 or $300 payment, it's not something that you would really pay a lot of attention to.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, Matt, we're not going to be able to go into any granularity on what is driving the cancel rate, but we have observed a higher rate of cancellations on the ESP we've originated over recent years. And as a reminder, that product is cancelable anytime during its life, and we have to return a pro rata amount in the event the customer cancels it. They could cancel it at will. They could be canceling it because they're buying a new car, because they got repo-ed, for any number of reasons. So as we sell that product, we book a reserve, and it's an estimate, just like it would be on CAF loan losses, that we have to tune on a periodic basis. If you remember, we had a $0.01 adjustment in the fourth quarter. The portfolio has gotten a lot bigger. We've actually sold over $700 million of the product since 2010. And we've seen the movement, so it's appropriate to adjust the reserve amount here.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess, do you think that's -- should we view that as more of a macro consumer issue? Or is it -- does it have something to do with, you think, with your offer?
Thomas W. Reedy: Like I said, we can't go to that kind of granularity. What I would view it as, from your perspective, is a very slight worsening in the profitability of ESP because we have a different view on what's going to be returned on a go-forward basis. And if we see different behavior going forward, we'll change it again. But it amounts to a small adjustment in the go-forward reserve, and a minimal, maybe 1% less profitable on the ESP that we sell. So it's a few dollars a car.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just lastly, the stats on the web visits and the mobile usage are pretty strong. What does that mean for your business model? I mean, are those customers more likely to convert? Are they more likely to refer you to a friend? Have you kind of thought through what that could mean from a financial standpoint, longer-term?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's a little hard to say, but I just clearly think this is where consumers are going. And they're spending a lot more time on the web prior to coming to the store, and we've seen that trend for several years. So it's not surprising that the growth of web traffic dramatically exceeds the growth of foot traffic. I think people are showing up more prepared. So I think it has lots of ramifications for the business, but it's really difficult to figure out what that is right now. But in general, I think it's positive. I think we have a great app, and I think we have a great website and a great search engine. And I think we're providing tools that customers want so that they're better prepared to make a decision.
Operator: Your next question is from John Murray (sic) [Murphy].
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's John Murphy. Just a follow-up on the CAF question here on the subprime side. What is the motivating factor there? Is that really just to grow CAF earnings, which is a good thing, or is that a response to this pullback in credit availability you're seeing from your subprime partners? And also, what was the highest that subprime was as a percentage of sales at the peak?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, John. As I mentioned, we've worked on this for over a year, so it's not a reactionary move at all. Customers with challenged credit have become a meaningful part of our overall business, and they're a meaningful part of the used car market, so we feel like we owe it to ourselves to get smarter about this space. Whether we're in it or not with our partners, we need to understand it a little better. We considered a number of options, including a joint venture or something like that, but we determined this is the best way to learn. So I hope -- that's probably the best way to address [indiscernible].
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, John, when this was 3% or 4% of our business, it wasn't as big of a discussion point. But when it's 15% plus, we have to look at what's in the overall best interest of the company. So this is just a step in that direction to really learn more about the segment.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It seems like it makes a lot of sense. But what was the peak percentage, is it 18% kind of...?
Thomas J. Folliard: 21%.
Katharine W. Kenny: It's 21%.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: 21%, okay, great. Then just a second question on vehicle pricing, up $125. Tom, was that just -- is that just a function of mix? Because there's always this expectation -- or there's this expectation in the market that used vehicle pricing might come down, but that doesn't seem to be happening at all.
Thomas J. Folliard: John, I missed the beginning part of that. What did you say, used vehicle pricing?
Thomas W. Reedy: Up $125.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Your revenue per unit was up $125 year-over-year, and it's a pretty strong number. I'm just curious what you're seeing for used vehicle pricing. Is that mix or -- I mean, there's an expectation that used vehicle pricing will come down, and that's just not happening.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I've never seen it come down other than in the recession, when it dropped a couple thousand dollars in less than 6 months. So I mean, we don't view $100 as a very big number on an over $19,000 average retail, so we didn't really spend any time looking or talking about that.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, bench of general managers for new stores, where are you at on that process?
Thomas J. Folliard: We feel like we're in really good shape. Our opening plan, as we've announced, 10 to 15 stores over the next 3 years. This is the first of those 3. As a percentage of the base of stores that we have, it's actually a smaller percentage than what we've grown in the past. And I think we've done a really nice job over the last few years of building up our pipeline, both in terms of real estate availability, people availability, getting folks trained and ready to go and having people prepped to move to new markets. So I feel like we're in really good shape.
Operator: And your next question is from Matt Fassler.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'd like to dig a little bit deeper into subprime as well, and just get a better understanding from you as to sort of the operational differences in managing a subprime business from running CAF as it exists today. And also, if you could give us some sense as to the sources of funding as you launch your pilot? And then, if it's successful, whether you would anticipate funding subprime through the ABS market or through some other vehicle.
Thomas W. Reedy: Sure, Matt. So I'm not going to go into a lot of detail about what we're doing as far as managing services. But our game plan is to randomly route a small percentage of customers to CAF and run them through the scoring model that we've developed and provide great customer-friendly service. One thing I think is important to remember, we've got a great team in Atlanta that runs a great finance business, and we already serve a pretty wide spectrum of credit. Some customers need more attention than the others as far as calls, et cetera. We're viewing this as an expansion, really, of what we already do. And like I said, without getting into details, we've built upon our account servicing techniques, and I think it will be appropriate -- it will be helpful for this space. But I think we'll also learn some things and have some benefit in the business we do today from it. As far as funding, at this point, we're just going to use cash on hand to fund the test, it's very small. To the extent we decide to go forward with this as a line of business or an initiative, we'll explore other options, and we would plan on trying to do something, to the extent it's available. Whether it's in the ABS market, conduits, that will be -- we'll determine that as we see fit.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just a quick follow-up, this just goes back to core used vehicle sales. Obviously, the supply of newer vehicles coming off lease seems to be starting to gush, and it's plentiful relative to where it had been in recent years. Are you seeing that flow through to your buying opportunities? What's your sense of whether that's actually materializing the way the numbers say it is and what that does for your sourcing and volume potential going forward?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's -- I think the gush you're talking about in leasing is leased percentage of new cars sold, and that's really a lot more recent. So those cars, really, have not started coming back in any big numbers. So as we've talked about last quarter, that our mix shift between 0- to 4-year-old and 5- to 10-year-old really hasn't moved very much. But clearly, if the SAAR stays -- continues to move up in the 16 million plus range and the percentage of leased vehicles is higher, then, ultimately, those cars will come back at the auction. It really hasn't started to happen yet, but we expect it to, and I think that's good for us.
Operator: Your next question is from Sharon Zackfia.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So a couple of questions on CarMax Auto Finance, and then I had a question for Tom as well. So on the tightening of credit, it didn't look like, based on the percent of subprime sales in the quarter, that it had any kind of noticeable impact. So has it been more of an impact as you've gone into the fourth quarter, or was it near the very end of the third quarter?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I think, as we mentioned in the release, late in the quarter we saw a change of behavior. And every call, last 3 -- 2 or 3 calls, I've been asked whether we see any reason to think that our partners' behavior may be different than it has been. And this time, we do. So that's why we're talking about it.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And I mean, are the loans you're going to generate through CAF, are they expected to be a substitutive of the loans that you would have generated through the third-party lenders, so kind of cannibalizing the third-party? Or is it a significantly different scorecard than your third-party lenders use, so it would be additive, if I'm making sense there?
Thomas W. Reedy: It's our own scorecard, but we plan on routing to CAF just like we route to our other third-party lenders. So it would eat a little bit into what they're doing.
Thomas J. Folliard: We're not going into this, Sharon, thinking we're going to add a bunch of incremental sales because our third-party providers are missing the boat in this arena. This just becomes such a big percentage, we don't want to have kind of so little visibility into this area, particularly one that's so costly for us.
Thomas W. Reedy: Right. It's important to remember that these sales through these partners are about 1/3 as profitable as something that goes through the -- either the CAF or one of our other channels. So there's a big economic [indiscernible] there between...
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, there's quite a lot of incentive there.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And I assume, if this is a good pilot program and you expand it further sometime in the future, you wouldn't indefinitely fund this through your own balance sheet, right?
Thomas W. Reedy: No. As I said to Matt, I think we'd look at alternatives to fund this. And as I also mentioned, we're looking at this as a play for profit, potentially, and risk mitigation. And at this point, if this test makes sense, we'd envision us being one of several partners in that space, not trying to grab all of the share.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick question on marketing. I mean the year-to-date marketing spend is pretty flat, which, I think, is relatively unusual. And I was hoping somebody could speak to whether that's just more efficiencies you're getting in the marketing team or in the buys that you have, if your impressions are actually up year-over-year or if those are flattish? Just any indication of what's going on with marketing because I'm just surprised that it's not up more.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we have pretty good comps for the first 9 months of the year. So that, hopefully, is going to drive some leverage. And we do have some timing. We'll spend a little more on the second half of the year. We are planning along running a Super Bowl ad this year. That's -- it's a few million dollars. It's not dramatic, but it's -- there will be a little bit of timing into the fourth quarter. But we expect the business to leverage in a number of different areas. And if we're running -- we were 16, 17 and 10 in comps for the first 3 quarters, so...
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: It was actually flat in dollars, though. I mean, I was just looking at it in dollars, not as a percentage of sales.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, and we think of it as dollars per car sold. So that's -- when I say leverage, I'm talking about in dollars per car sold.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. You're going to force me to watch the Super Bowl, that's the master plan.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So I, too, want to ask a question about subprime. If -- what can you -- is there any way to quantify the impact to your -- upon your sales of these actions the lenders have taken here recently? I mean, in other words, how should we think about how much that is, either in the current quarter or going forward? How much could this weigh upon your used car sales?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. I mean, we aren't very good at predicting the future for any part of our business, which is why we don't give guidance. And I think it's just too early to tell. We don't know where they're going to land as far as where they dial in at how much they're going to tighten, so we can't give any guidance going forward. But we -- like I said, it is a -- we have observed a change. We get asked this question every quarter, and we thought it was important to let you know.
Thomas J. Folliard: And there's way too many other variables.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes.
Thomas J. Folliard: When you think like the question Matt asked about supply and customer traffic and the growth in our web traffic. There's just a lot of things, a lot of moving parts there, so it's very difficult to predict.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And the follow-up question, someone previously asked about the performance of your new stores. Just wondered if you could clarify it. And just given that you opened some more new stores, how would you characterize overall the performance of the stores?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, as a group, with all of our new -- the new stores are at or above our expectations. So we're very pleased with how openings have been going. And yes, it's a pretty diverse set of stores, too, spread out across the country, and that will be the case going forward as well. So just what we're really focused on is continuing to improve our business model each and every day and make sure that when we open a store, we have an experienced CarMax team in place, so when a customer walks in the door, they get a great experience. And we've been very pleased with how that's gone so far.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And one more follow-up, if I could, just going back on subprime. Again, so I think someone else asked, is there -- could you -- is there any way you could tell the reason behind the change in behavior of your partners? The question I have, have you seen anything that suggests that the performance of these subprime loans is actually deteriorating?
Thomas W. Reedy: Well, we don't participate in this space, so I can't really comment on that. But I think I would hypothesize that they're -- they have not been as happy with what they've seen -- that they've originated over the last 2 years, and they're adjusting their portfolio accordingly.
Thomas J. Folliard: Look, a number of times over the last several quarters we've said that our subprime providers have gotten more and more comfortable and more and more aggressive with the CarMax origination channel. It just makes sense that, at some point, you'd bump up against some performance metric and probably have to scale back a little bit. But again, we don't run their business. They run their own business. We're happy to have them as third-party providers, and -- but we're going to expect some movement in the way they lend over time.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. And as we mentioned, that profitability difference is significant, so we're actually happy to trade 3 of those for 1 CAF sale anytime you tell us and any time we could take that trade.
Thomas J. Folliard: That's why it's another difficult thing to really figure out because, I mentioned all those other moving parts earlier, it doesn't take a lot of non-tier 3 sales to make up for 1 point or 2 of loss.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Kennison from Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'll start with a quick one on subprime and then move in a different direction. I assume that this has no impact on the fee that you will pay to your origination partners.
Thomas W. Reedy: No, it doesn't. As Tom said, we don't influence their behavior. The one way that we could theoretically do it is by paying them more or less, but I think you've seen when we've announced our tests, we've elected to leave that as it is and figure out the business a little bit better ourselves.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That helps. And then just changing direction here, on the real estate side, Tom, I know part of the strong return on capital that you generate is because you've got a good real estate team that buys real estate at the right price. What are you seeing in that market today? And do you feel like you can still get the kind of returns as with those rates -- or those costs go up?
Thomas J. Folliard: We feel pretty good. We've not committed to a single piece of real estate that we didn't think we could make a very good return on. So are there things that are -- coming out of the recession, were there things that were less expensive than they were before? Sure. And now, going into places like -- look -- it's starting to look at Portland, Seattle, San Francisco, Boston, Philly, are they places that are more expensive? Absolutely, but we expect to sell more cars there. And we've also done a nice job over the last few years of improving our profitability. So in terms of availability and our ability to make a great return, it's been no problem at all.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And with respect to reconditioning costs, obviously, you've moved the needle there over time. Is there still any room at all to reduce costs there?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we do still think there's some room. I think it's -- as we've said before, the next 50 or 100 will be a lot more difficult than the first 250 or so. But it's a constant effort for our teams to try to figure out how to get more consistent and how to eliminate waste from the system and, at the same time, not compromise our quality. So I think our store teams have done a fantastic job to this point, and I expect to still be able to make progress going forward.
Operator: And your next question is from Scot Ciccarelli from RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It will be remiss of me not to ask at least one subprime question here.
Thomas J. Folliard: We might have to valid check [ph] you and just say, "Look, we've already answered that question 7 times."
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I've heard that from you before, actually. So I guess my question is, where are you comfortable with subprime penetration levels? I mean, historically, you guys have kind of talked about -- Tom, you've kind of talked about 20%-ish kind of level. But now you're experimenting it with -- experimenting yourselves with subprime. Like has the thought process in terms of how much subprime is going to be as a total of your business started to change?
Thomas W. Reedy: Scot, I don't think it has at all. We don't know the right number, but one thing, I think, we need to be clear about is we're not intending to drive subprime penetration at our business up by getting into this initiative here. As I said, we're looking at potentially being one of several partners. We'll have our own set of credit parameters and our own origination model, which we do not expect to be more aggressive than our partners. So I don't think we're giving any indication that we think we're moving -- trying to move the needle on how much subprime is in the business.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, that's correct. That's not our goal at all in doing this. We don't expect this to have, really, any impact whatsoever on the percentage of sales represented by subprime.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, we're looking at whether it makes sense to take a share of the profit and to try to mitigate risk.
Thomas J. Folliard: We've been getting asked for years about the amount of money we pay to get one of these deals done and wouldn't it make sense to think about it differently, and that's what we're trying to do.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Understood. So it's really a substitution effect here. But historically, you've also talked about you're kind of comfortable with 20% penetration levels of subprime. Does that thought process change if the new model is, let's call it, significantly more profitable than what the old subprime model had been?
Thomas W. Reedy: No, I don't think it does. As I said, we're not looking to expand the amount of subprime in our channel. And when you look at the amount of subprime business that we do, it's not out of line with the marketplace overall. We've got -- we've looked at external data to that point, so we're not -- I think subprime is going to be what it is based on customer flow through the door and who's applying and what's going on in the economy. And we'll run a business that makes -- if we -- if this test is successful, we'll run a business that makes economic sense. But I don't think we have -- I feel comfortable that we're not out of line with the mix of subprime in the auto space, in the used auto space, and we're not trying to drive it up.
Thomas J. Folliard: And, Scot, we've never really put a number on that. What I've always said about this segment of business is each incremental -- each individual customer, first of all, is getting a great deal at CarMax because we're not changing the price because they happen to be in this segment. Second of all, we've been subsidizing the deal by paying a discount to get them done. And we deliver very high-quality products. So I think if you're in this credit space, we're a terrific place to buy a very high-quality car and get a great experience that maybe you can't get elsewhere. And also, since these lenders don't see the loan until all of the other providers have declined, we've been sure that these customers and these sales are 100% incremental. So despite the fact that they're lesser in terms of profitability, it's 100% incremental profit. So on an individual customer basis, we feel really, really good about this offering. And as Tom said, when you look at it as a percentage of our total sales, we're going to sell 0.5 million cars this year. You would expect us to be somewhat representative of what kind of credit mix looks like in the U.S., and that's kind of where we are right now.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. I will ask about the test that you're doing, though. Like some of your -- some of the loans within your typical CAF portfolio are already subprime if you just kind of look at what FICO scores are and APRs and the securitizations. Why the call out about the test? Because you don't want the blended FICO score or credit quality of existing securitizations to change?
Thomas W. Reedy: Well, if you think of -- you're absolutely right, Scot, that we do serve a wide spectrum of credit, as I mentioned before, and we're looking at this as expansion. But the way credit routes in our business is it goes to CAF, it goes to our Tier 2 lenders, it goes to our Tier 3 lenders. We want our customers to have an opportunity to get all those various offers and get the best financing for them. And this is just -- in this particular space are customers that we have not served before, and...
Thomas J. Folliard: But I would say that you're right, in that some of the stuff we originate ends up performing like this, which gives us more confidence in our ability to manage it. Because we've been managing receivables, although it's a small percentage, it's still a big enough chunk that we feel like we have experience to do this well. And part of calling it out is to separate it out and look at it as a separate investment and see if we can make a return on it. But if we just originated this different set of business and put it into the securitization, we wouldn't get as good -- as favorable terms as we're currently getting. And once we get this all -- a test in place and we decide whether or not we want to go forward, we'll figure out how to fund it then.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's all very helpful. And then just one more question regarding wholesale. Looks like wholesale units were a bit sluggish. I know you guys don't break out comps for the business, but given the store growth, it would suggest that the comp will be in negative territory, which just seems odd given kind of the strength in the rest of your business. Any thoughts there, Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, I still think -- I've always thought that wholesale and retail, over time, will grow around the same. And you've been following us for a long time, you've seen huge swings that don't necessarily match up. If you go back to 2001, I know that's a long term to look at it, our wholesale growth and our retail comps have been about the same, but -- and I expect that over time. So 4% this quarter compared to 15% sales growth is a little bit off, but I think, over time, they'll be more closely aligned.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But nothing that you noticed in terms of why the wholesale unit growth was slower this quarter, maybe buying fewer vehicles or something?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, I mean, clearly, we bought more because we had growth, but not as many as what our sales growth would have predicted. But in terms of our buy rate, it was very strong, and we don't see any reason to worry about it.
Operator: And your next question is from Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Dan Galves for Rod. I came on the call a little late, has anybody asked about subprime yet?
Thomas W. Reedy: That was good.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I got a couple of questions. The first one is related to the new stores that are kind of now in the comp base, would expect that they're growing faster as they ramp up to the corporate average. Do you see that as providing a meaningful positive to your same-store -- overall same-store comps yet? Or is that something still to come?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's all just built into the comp expectation. And remember, too, that the base is so much bigger that even when you get a store at, say, its second year and it has a higher percentage comp growth, it's a very small number of units in the big scheme of things, so...
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But as you end up with like 30, 40 stores in the next couple of years that are in year 2 and year 3, do you see that as being a potential positive to comps?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, but as we've talked about a comp range in the past of something like 4% to 8%, we think that range is still a pretty good one. One other thing to remember is we're going to open a lot of stores back into existing markets. So sometimes, a satellite store can actually hurt comps in the other stores because there is some cannibalization. So it's a pretty complex model to figure out.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. Got it. And then the last one is the third-party finance fees, just rough math, if you divide that by the subprime volume in your business, you get to about $800 per unit. Is that the right way to think about it? Or are there -- is there third-party finance income in there as well? It's just looking -- go ahead.
Thomas W. Reedy: We've said this before, in our subprime segment, today, we pay about $1,000 a car to the third-party provider.
Operator: And your next question is from Rick Nelson from Stephens.
N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I'd like to ask you about provision for loan loss. It looks like it picked up sequentially. If you could speak to delinquencies, what you're seeing there.
Thomas W. Reedy: The provision for loan loss picked up dollar-wise year-over-year, but as a percent of receivables, it's flat. And if you're saying sequentially over the quarter, this is the time of year where we'll typically see, coming into the holiday season, delinquencies may pick up a little bit, but that's a normal seasonal trend. People are focused on other payments.
N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Got it. Also, I'm curious about the CFPB, they've put out a bulletin in March, how that's affecting your other third-party credit providers and if that's having any impact at CAF?
Thomas W. Reedy: I don't -- to date, it's had no impact to CAF as we have not been visited yet. We have spoken with our third-party providers who have had interaction with the CFPB. I don't believe it's impacting any of our business. It's -- their focus is on a couple of things: one is making sure that people are treated equally and fairly; two, that the products aren't overly profitable. But as I said, as far as Wells Fargo or Cap One and the impact on the business they're doing with us, we haven't seen any.
Operator: And your next question is from Jamie Albertine from Stifel.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I dialed in a little bit late. I just wanted to follow up, if I could, on the SG&A side of things. We've talked about it both with you guys at your Analyst Day and I've heard you referred to it on prior conference calls. But from an SG&A per unit perspective, can you just remind us kind of where we are today versus prior peak? And you've done a really good job of sort of highlighting the opportunities on items like reconditioning costs coming down, and it sounds like there's still room to go there. But maybe if you can talk sort of high level about your top 2 or 3 priorities as it relates to SG&A cost reductions and, therefore, leverage as you -- your growth story sort of plays out for the next 2 or 3 years.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I don't really know what the peak was, but we were down almost $100 per unit sold in the third quarter compared to last year. You referenced reconditioning costs. Remember, reconditioning costs are in cost of goods sold, not in SG&A, so we kind of try to think of those 2 things as 1 big bucket of opportunity. We will eclipse $1 billion of SG&A this year and probably, I don't know, $600 million or so of reconditioning. So it's a pretty big opportunity to try to find efficiencies. And in terms of our priorities, it's largely -- in the SG&A bucket, it's largely going to be around how do we operate our stores consistently, how do we staff better, how do we make sure we're properly staffed for peaks and for valleys in terms of traffic and sales. And it's a pretty seasonal business, it's a pretty labor-intensive business, so there's lots of opportunities to try and get more and more efficient in that regard. So that's kind where our efforts are focused there. We're really proud of all the progress we've made on the cost of goods sold side in terms of reconditioning. But I think with SG&A, there's probably some opportunity in there, and we're focused on going after it.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I should have clarified that, and I apologize, and I appreciate you calling that out on the COGS side. Is it fair to say then that if you look at the 2 buckets, it's predominantly going to be more SG&A-driven from this point going forward, given that the bulk of reconditioning improvement you've already performed [ph]?
Thomas J. Folliard: Not necessarily because the bulk -- remember, the bulk of SG&A is going to be rents and advertising. And some of the fixed overheads we can only make so much progress on. We have to have enough people in our stores to have them up and running and pay our bills. So I think when you look at the 2 buckets and you break it out into things that are somewhat less manageable, let's say, then there's opportunity in both.
Operator: And your final question is from Bill Armstrong from CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Tom and Tom, this is the first we've heard of any hiccups in the overall subprime model lending market. And you mentioned earlier that you do not believe that this is CarMax-specific. What -- I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate on what you're hearing or seeing in the market that leads you to believe that this is beyond CarMax?
Thomas W. Reedy: No, I think -- we've had conversations with our partners. And as I've mentioned, they have CarMax as a part of their overall portfolio. And they fine tune that portfolio and their origination standards based on what they're experiencing. And I think that is the result of us, other business they're doing. And all I can say is that they have indicated that this is not a CarMax-specific issue.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: If the subprime consumer is starting to get a little overextended with debt, particularly auto-related debt, how does that impact your view on this test that you're now doing? And it sounds like it might be -- you might be extending that at just the wrong time. How do you look at that?
Thomas W. Reedy: If you believe the market has been overheated over the last couple years, then the last couple years would have been the wrong time to enter this. We're not trying to time the market. We're not trying to figure out what's the best time to enter it. This is a longer-term initiative. The reason we're going now is because we're ready to go now. We've been working on it for over a year. And we're in a position where we believe we can start originating and servicing sometime this quarter. And remember, this is a very small test for us. This is smaller than other tests we run at CAF as far as pricing and in terms. And at the end of the day, while we are going into it expecting to make some money, it's not material to our overall business or even to CAF's overall portfolio.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Understood. Okay. And then just one quick housekeeping question. The increase in allowance on ESP returns, what was the dollar amount on a pretax basis?
Thomas W. Reedy: It's about -- it's $0.02.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. What is the dollar amount on a pretax basis?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, we don't disclose -- we haven't disclosed dollar amounts on our estimate adjustments.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Thomas J. Folliard: Okay. Thanks, everyone. Happy holidays. Thanks for all your support and continued interest. And of course, thanks to all of our associates for their dedication and their hard work and what they do every day to make CarMax what it is today. We'll talk to you again next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-09-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Elizabeth Suzuki James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Susan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 FY '14 conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Ms. Katharine Kenny, you may begin your conference.
Katharine W. Kenny: Thank you, Susan, and good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2014 second quarter earnings conference call. As usual, on the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year-ended February 28, 2013, filed with the SEC. [Operator Instructions] Thanks so much. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. As you saw, used unit comps for the second quarter grew 16% compared to last year, primarily due to better conversion, as well as a modest increase in traffic. Total used unit sales grew by 21% in the quarter. Total used vehicle gross profit grew by 21%, and used vehicle gross profit per unit of $2,174 was virtually the same as last year. Also, unit sales increased by 10%. This was largely due to a higher buy rates and the growth in our store base. Total wholesale vehicle gross profit increased by 3%, as the 10% growth in units was partially offset by a decrease of $58 in gross profit per unit. Extended service plan revenues rose 23%, reflecting our sales growth and an increase in penetration. CAF quarterly income increased 12% to $84 million. Tom will give you some details on that in a moment. Overall, we had a very strong quarter. Net earnings grew 26% to $140 million and net earnings per diluted share rose 29% to $0.62 a share. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom to talk about financing.
Thomas W. Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. In the second quarter, CAF income was up 12% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2013, while our average managed receivables increased 24% to $6.5 billion. Consistent with recent experience, the portfolio growth was driven by a continuing strong origination volume, which was supported by the expansion in CAF penetration, CarMax's sales growth and an increase in the average amounts financed. Managed receivables continue to grow at a faster pace than CAF earnings, as the increase in loan volume was offset by continued compression in the spread between consumer rates and funding costs. Credit losses in the quarter were largely in line with our expectations. The allowance for loan losses grew to $66 million or approximately 1% of ending managed receivables, compared to 0.9% in Q2 of FY '13. For CAF, net loans originated in the quarter rose 32% to $1.1 billion, and net penetration was 41% compared to 37% in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. The weighted average contract rate for the quarter's originations was 6.8% compared to 8.1% in last year's second quarter, but that's down only slightly from 7.0% in this year's first quarter. Similar to the first quarter, we experienced higher applicant flow, higher conversion, arising from both more attractive offers and better in-store execution and also greater retention of our finance customers, as 3-day payouts remain at historical lows. We believe our finance offers continue to optimize overall sales and profits for CarMax. And as outlined in the press release, we saw third-party subprime providers accounting for about 18% of our sales in the second quarter, compared to 15% in last year's second quarter. Now I'll turn it back over to Tom.
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you. Regarding our sales mix, there was very little change. Sales of 5 year and older vehicles were above 25% as a percentage of our total as they have been for the last few years. Sales of SUVs and trucks remained about 25% as well, similar to last year, although sales of compacts and midsized vehicles grew a few percentage points to nearly 40%. As we've discussed in the past, our mix of vehicles will vary based on customer demand. Total SG&A increased by 11%, reflecting variable expenses related to higher sales and the 12% growth in our store base since the beginning of last year's second quarter. SG&A per retail unit fell by $174, largely driven by our 16% comps. In the second quarter, our average monthly web visits grew to over 12 million for the first time, up more than 30% compared to last year's second quarter and up from 11.5 million in the first quarter. Average monthly visits to our mobile site represent about 21% of total visits and visits utilizing our iPhone and Android apps grew to approximately 11% of our traffic by quarter end, compared to about 9% at the end of the first quarter. During the second quarter, we opened 2 new stores: our fifth store in Houston, Texas; and our second store in Sacramento, California. In our press release, we also announced 5 planned superstore openings for next year's second quarter. Four will be in new markets for CarMax, including Madison, Wisconsin; Reno, Nevada; Lynchburg, Virginia; and Portland, Oregon. We will also open our fifth store in the Dallas market. With that, we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Crédit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tom, one question with maybe 1 or 2 little parts, and I'll say it all upfront. First, regarding the vehicle population, the data is pointing to an inflection point in the 0- to 5-year-old range. Your mix comments alluded to this to some degree, but I'm curious if you can share any anecdotes of whether you're starting to sense or see a change in the complexion of some of the vehicles that are coming through your channel. And then the second part of that question, is the store pipeline, based on the press release, it looks pretty robust over the next 12 months. I think it's 17 stores. And so unless the back half of next year is very light, might you end up doing either the high end or a little bit more than the high end of the range of store growth?
Thomas J. Folliard: So although that was a two-part question, they were 2 very different questions. However, we're going to allow it. But as far as the mix is concerned, we really haven't seen much of a change. If you look at what's happened with new cars than supply, it does feel like we're heading towards an inflection point. But in terms of if you just divide our inventory into 2 big segments: 0 to 4 and 5 to 10, there was very little change in our mix between those 2 segments. As I said last quarter, we saw some movement within 0 to 4, but not as a group. So that was very similar this quarter. In terms of the store mix, we've not changed to what our plans are of 10 to 15 stores. Including this year, we said for the next 3 years. So that's this year and the following 2. What you see in the next 12 months is just a reflection of timing, so it really hasn't changed at all. It's just -- and it will be kind of a higher volume over the next 12 months than the 12-month periods around it -- we haven't changed our projections at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So I'm just wondering if the mixed compacts and midsized vehicles impacted the gross profit per unit. And then as a follow-up, can you talk about what led to the improved conversion? I'm sure it was lots of little things but maybe just the highlights.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. As we said before, Matt, the mix of vehicles by category really doesn't have much impact on our margins. And our margins were flat and it was only a few points of move within that segment anyway, so very little impact there. And what was the second part?
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just factors that led to a better conversion?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's pretty much the same. As we talked about last quarter, we have outstanding execution in our stores. We have some good results coming from improved training programs, but, also, we have better consumer offers from our, not only CAF, but our lending partners as well. So they have a little bit more to work with. We have approvals at all-time highs, which has not really changed from last quarter of kind of our global approval rate of all applications that we receive in the store. 90% of applicants are receiving an approval from at least one of those lenders. So it's very similar to last quarter. I think just great execution in the stores, very good offers and our store teams have done a really nice job of getting inventory and getting it ready and getting it up to a very high quality standard, so our customers have a very great selection.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: The question I had was really, maybe a couple of parts under the 1 topic, at the subprime. So we're seeing the results there that the subprime remains a contributor to your overall sales growth. The question I have with respect to subprime, I mean, one, as we look at this, maybe from a high-level perspective, are you managing that growth? Or are you just allowing the market to basically dictate it for you? And as you're thinking -- as you think about this growth, kind of, where's your mind as far as the puts and takes, maybe the risks, the benefit-risk relationship at subprime becomes -- continues to become a bigger piece? And then finally, just as we've started to see interest rates rise a little bit here, is there any shift in the way your subprime providers are financing customers?
Thomas J. Folliard: In terms of the mix, it's really -- it's actually as a percentage of sales, it's slightly down from last quarter in terms of how we think about that business. We're not controlling that at all. Those -- the lenders that are approving those customers are only seeing those applications after they've been declined by CAF and all of our other lending partners. So as I've said in the past, our view is, at that moment, that is a 100% incremental sale. It's a sale that we wouldn't have gotten otherwise to that consumer did not have an option for credit. So although it's a lower profit deal for us at that moment, we believe it's 100% incremental. And what's been happening over the last few years, as we've said a number of times, it's just our lending partners, again, more and more comfortable with our origination channel. I think they've been more aggressive with their offers to our applicants, and it's been terrific for sales. Each individual deal at the moment that it's approved, we think it's a good decision for us. So we really haven't -- we're not at a level that we're uncomfortable with. And as I said, if you compare it to the first quarter, actually down slightly in this quarter. I don't know if Tom can comment some on the interest rate part.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. As far as the rate environment up, during the quarter, we didn't see any change in our subprime partners' behavior, vis-à-vis what they were doing in the Q1 or across the quarter. But obviously, if we see significant changes in the interest rates, just like with CarMax Auto Finance, it impacts the overall math of their -- the makeup of their returns, so we would expect them to change behavior in some way. How that would be, we can't tell you until it starts to happen. But at this point, we have no reason to think that they are in the mode of change in their buy behavior.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Your SG&A per unit declined nicely, providing some very good operating leverage. What were the key factors behind that?
Thomas J. Folliard: About 16% comps, similar to last quarter. We've always said that in a growth mode, which we're in, we need, we think, mid- to high-single-digit comps in order to begin to get some leverage. So when -- if we're going to be in the mid to high teens, we would expect some leverage. So it's also very good execution. You still have to remain very disciplined in the stores with managing your expenses. And, I think, once again, our store teams did an outstanding job.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: My question also relates to CAF. We are seeing the APR, I guess, the average APR you're offering your consumers through CAF continue to come down, though to your point the decline from Q1 was relatively modest. Now that we're starting to see your financing cost firm up, along with the overall cost of money, what's your feel within the market, both for your and your competitors' desire to start to lift that APR? And what are consumers' tolerance, you think, to entertain somewhat higher cost to money on the credit front?
Thomas W. Reedy: Matt, that as far as consumers' tolerance and our competitors' desire, we're going to have to just keep an eye on that and, through testing and watching our 3-day payoffs and watching what the competitive marketplace is offering, work through that. As far as the funding costs, we've seen them tick up a bit. I still feel like the ABS market is open to it, and we're doing a good job with securitizing. We've done 3 deals this year. We did see spreads tick up a little bit last deal, but not dramatically. As far as benchmarks go, that's why we hedge, as we originate our loans and that's why we have CAF, is looking at the market every week and making their pricing decision. So, I mean, I guess, I can just emphasize it. Our plan is to run a competitive and profitable finance business with an overall eye towards maximizing CarMax's profits and sales. So we can't -- because we're the only person in the Tier 1 space, we can't afford to turn customers off the CarMax at the finance office, so we're always going to make sure that we're competitive. I think we're in a nice position because we are -- we can contest very pretty accurately, because we control our origination channel. And I think that gives us a competitive advantage and ability to stay on top of the market.
Thomas J. Folliard: [indiscernible] dramatically is the transparency of our offer to the consumer is, I think, a critical and very important competitive differentiator for us. And since customers -- since we don't negotiate, there are no incentives in our stores for financing. The customer gets a real clear picture of exactly what their rate is. And if they don't -- if they think they can get better rates, they have 3 days to go pay it off somewhere else. So it's an excellent barometer for us to make sure that we're charging a very competitive rate. But in some regards, we're going to only be able to move as much as the market allows.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Do you think that the market is starting to move at this point?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, it hasn't shown up in our rates yet. So -- but this is -- a lot of times, rates are in a longer cycle. We've seen in the past, as rates have gone up, that the market doesn't move up as much and you tend to see some compression. This is no different than normal. And when rates -- when cost of funds goes down, oftentimes, the lenders don't go down as quickly, and you tend to see a little widening of the spread. So if you look back over the years for us, this is kind of normal. When rates go up, you see a little compression.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Suzuki: This is Elizabeth Suzuki on for John. On store openings, what percentage of the U.S. markets will you be ultimately able to service with your current growth plan? I think the number was somewhere around 50% a little while ago. Just wanted to get an idea of what the target is for the next couple of years.
Thomas J. Folliard: I haven't really thought of it like that. We're only in half of U.S. markets. When we think about a 3-year growth plan of 10 to 15 stores a year, we said roughly half of those stores will be in building back into existing markets. So I haven't really thought of it that way. What we're more thinking about is our long-term growth plan, and how to make the CarMax consumer offer available to customers all over the country. So our goal is to go everywhere. I don't really know what percentage we'll achieve in the stated growth plan of 3 years, which -- of which we're in year 1.
Elizabeth Suzuki: Okay. But there's still plenty of room for growth, obviously?
Thomas J. Folliard: Plenty of room for growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel, Nicolaus.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to focus very quickly, if I could, on originations. I think last quarter, you gave some good details around sort of your online metrics and some of your app metrics. And I just noticed, looking at your SG&A in a little bit more detail, obviously, advertising sounds significantly year-over-year. So maybe they're related, maybe they're not related, but I was hoping you could kind of walk us through that. And perhaps, just from a housekeeping standpoint, talk about the buy rate from the appraisal lane.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I'm not sure what you're referring to there on the app rate. Advertising was down in the quarter. Some of that's driven by a higher comp rate. Some of that is timing, some of that as you expect to get a little leverage on advertising as you continue to grow. In terms of the -- what was the last part? Oh, the buy rate, yes, in terms of the buy rate, it was up for the quarter, compared to last year's second quarter. So that helps contribute to that 10% growth in wholesale. And we've always talked about that being a balancing act between buying cars through the appraisal lane, does some of those customers, in turn, buy a retail car from us, and you really can't manage one individually. So we're actually very, very pleased with how the -- how it all came out in total. Nice buy rate increase in, really, what was a depreciating environment, which is a little bit more normal. So if you look at the Manheim index for the summer, we saw some depreciation, which we would normally expect. That we've had a few years where things haven't been the way they normally are. But -- so to see our buy rate tick up a little for the quarter, we are very pleased with that.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And any update on the online front in terms of any of the metrics that you're willing to share?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I talked about them earlier, mostly just on hits. 12 million hits to the website, average monthly visits, that's an all-time high. We obviously continue to see growth through mobile applications, and touchpads, actually, at the end of the quarter, it was the first time for CarMax that more than 50% of all of the hits to the website came from something other than a desktop. So that's a trend that we expect to continue. We don't do a lot of online credit applications. I'm not sure if that's the question you were asking earlier, but that's a very tiny piece of our total at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Tom, so your average selling price actually declined slightly year-over-year for first time since, I think, 2009. Does that reflect mix? Or are we seeing some impact from lower acquisition cost? Or is it just not big enough of a decrease to even be relevant?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's that part, what you just said.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: The last part?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's not really a relevant number. I would guess it's partly the first 2 things: a little bit of mix, a little bit of some depreciation in the quarter, but nothing that we're really spending time thinking about.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So it sounds like your acquisition costs that are not necessarily following along with the Manheim index, which, obviously, has been decreasing.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's impossible to tell from the ASP, because of all the variation in the mix. I think the easiest way to look at it is our margins were relatively flat to last year. So we have to be tracking somewhat close to the market on a vehicle-by-vehicle basis in order to achieve a flat margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about if you would want to own the new properties you're constructing? Would you want to own them if interest rates were to rise dramatically? And what's your goal for owning your real estate in terms of the percentage over the midterm?
Thomas W. Reedy: We really don't look at it as a goal, whether we want to own it or lease it or controlled portfolio. We look at it as the amount of capital we need to commit to execute our opening plan and our Treasury department's going to look and figure out the best way to fund it from a cost and flexibility perspective, depending on what the market offers at the time that we need the capital. At this time point, we haven't had to use any external capital to buy our sites. But if you ask me, all else equal, I'd prefer to own rather than lease our real estate, because it allows you to be the master of your own destiny a lot more.
Thomas J. Folliard: The only thing I'd add there is, we want to get the best site. So there are some cases where maybe the only thing available is a long-term ground lease. And if it's the best site, then we'll look at the cost and we'll make a decision based on that.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So are interest rates a major decision factor for your Treasury department?
Thomas J. Folliard: What's that?
Thomas W. Reedy: I'm not sure what you're getting at.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: You said the Treasury department is evaluating for -- on each deal, so just, from your answer, it just sounded like interest rates were not that high on the decision-making tree for your Treasury department. I just wanted to confirm that.
Thomas W. Reedy: We look at everything from an overall need-for-capital perspective. So our business generates a certain amount of money. We need a certain amount of liquidity for inventory and working capital, and we need capital to fund our growth. The last couple of years, we have not needed to go external for that capital as we look forward, to the extent we would need to go external for that capital. But what I was saying is, whether we're leasing or buying the property, is not a fact -- is a factor, but it's not -- the decision point's not based on a preference to own versus lease. It's based on a preference to get the best cost of fund and most flexibility.
Thomas J. Folliard: And remember, too, oftentimes, we'll make a decision on moving forward with a certain piece of property and then we won't actually have to fund it for 2 or 3 years. So we're not going to make a decision now, not knowing what the circumstances will be 2 or 3 years from now. So then Tom and his team will make whatever the best decision is at that time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Thomas J. Folliard: All right, seeing no further questions, I want to thank everybody for joining the call today. Thanks for your support and continued interest in CarMax, and thanks to all of our associates, once again, for their dedication and hard work and all they do every day. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-06-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Aram Rubinson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Robin, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter fiscal 2014 earnings call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Ms. Katharine Kenny. You may begin your conference.
Katharine W. Kenny: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2014 first quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me, as usual, are Tom Folliard, our President and CEO; and Tom Reedy, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2013, filed with the SEC. [Operator Instructions] For your information, we also do still have a few spots open on our July 11 regular Analyst Day. Thanks so much. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. As you saw, used unit comps for the first quarter grew 17% compared to last year. When you add in our non-comp stores, total growth in used units was 22%. This comp unit sales growth was due to an improvement in conversion supported by the continuation of better execution in our stores and a more favorable credit environment for the consumers. Total used vehicle gross profit grew by 22% and used vehicle gross profit per unit of $2,216 remained stable with last year. Wholesale unit sales increased by 6%. This was largely due to the growth in our store base and a somewhat higher buy rate. At $979, our wholesale gross profit per unit was virtually unchanged from a year ago. Extended service plan revenues rose 26%, reflecting not only the growth in used unit sales with an increase in penetration as more customers decided to take advantage of our MaxCare offering. CAF quarterly income increased 16% to $87 million. Tom will give a little more detail on that in a moment. And all these factors contributed to a record quarter for CarMax with an increase in net earnings of 21% to $147 million and an increase in net earnings per diluted share of 23% to $0.64 a share. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom to give a little more detail around CAF.
Thomas W. Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. In the first quarter, CAF income grew $12 million or 16% compared to our first quarter fiscal 2013, while our average managed receivables increased 21% to $6.2 billion. This portfolio growth was largely driven by strong origination volume over the last several quarters, which was supported by the expansion in CAF penetration, CarMax's sales growth and increases in the average amount financed. The growth in managed receivables outpaced earnings growth as the increase in loan volume was offset by the continued compression and spread between consumer contract rates and our funding costs. Weighted average contract rate for accounts originated in the quarter decreased to 7% compared to 8.9% in last year's first quarter. Remember, this has been occurring for over several quarters and the rate is down only slightly from Q4, which was at 7.1%. At these levels, finance margins remain strong and we believe our offers continue to optimize overall sales and profits for CarMax. The allowance for loan losses grew by $14 million or 31% to $61 million, and credit losses in the quarter were moderately better than our expectations. Consistent with experience over the past several quarters, over 90% of our customers received one or more finance offers. During the quarter, we did see a greater applicant flow at the top and bottom ends of the credit spectrum, which supported higher penetration for CAF and for our third-party subprime lenders. For CAF, net loans originating in the quarter rose 42% to over $1.1 billion, and net penetration was 41% compared to 36% in the first quarter of FY 2013. We believe this increase in penetration was due to higher applicant flow, higher conversion arising from both more attractive offers and better in-store execution and also greater retention of our finance customers as we observe continued low 3-day payoffs. Third-party subprime providers accounted for about 21% of our sales in the first quarter compared to 16% in last year's first quarter. We believe this increase is due to combination of factors: The higher volume of applicant flow I mentioned earlier; a higher conversion to sale due to more attractive offers from those subprime providers and to greater execution by our stores' associates; and some shifting of sales from the fourth quarter of last year to the first quarter of this year due to the delay in tax refunds. Now I'll turn it back over to Tom.
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you. As far as mix in the quarter, sale of 5-year old and older vehicles as a percentage our total sales remained above 25%, very similar to last year. Sales of SUVs and trucks were also consistent in both periods at about 25% of total sales, as were sales of compacts and midsized vehicles at about 38%. As we've discussed before, our mix of vehicles will vary based on customer demand. We reported solid overhead leverage for the quarter. Total SG&A increased by 14%, reflecting the 12% growth in our store base and higher variable expenses related to higher sales. SG&A per unit fell by $131 to $2,086 per car, driven by our 17% comp sales. In the first quarter, our average monthly web visits grew to 11.5 million, up more than 28% compared to last year's first quarter. Average monthly visits to our mobile site represent about -- now represent about 20% of our total visits. And visits utilizing our iPhone or Android app grew to nearly 9% of our traffic by quarter end compared to approximately 6% at the end of the fourth quarter. So those 2 combined, around 30% of total hits now to carmax.com. During the first quarter, we opened 3 stores, all in new markets: One in Harrisonburg, Virginia; 2 in Georgia, one in Columbus, one in Savannah. Just this week, we opened our fifth store in Houston, so that will be the second quarter, and we plan to open one more store in the second quarter, which will be another store in our Sacramento market. You may have also seen our press release. We announced 4 planned superstore openings for next year's first quarter: 3 are in new markets for CarMax, including Rochester, New York; Dothan, Alabama; and Spokane, Washington; and we will also open a store in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. At this time, we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from the line of Craig Kennison from Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Given the strong performance you've seen this quarter and the last few quarters, would you or the board consider accelerating your new store growth opening plan?
Thomas J. Folliard: We feel pretty comfortable with the growth plan that we've announced for the next few years. As we've talked about in the past, we tried to pick a growth plan that would allow us to both aggressively grow our store base and at the same time, continue to work hard on improving execution, which -- we've seen some great execution improvements here in the last year or so. We've made great progress on the last couple of years on cost reduction and our reconditioning area. We still think we have a little to go there, so we feel pretty comfortable with the growth pace. We think it's both aggressive but at the same time, allows us to continue to improve the existing business model.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Matt Nemer from Wells Fargo.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm just wondering if, Tom, if you could talk to the factors that you think are driving improved conversion and execution in the store, if there have been any process changes or anything else you can talk to.
Thomas J. Folliard: You know what, it's not really any one thing. We have a really terrific and dedicated group of associates that have worked on training and development for a long time, but I think that's more of a marathon than a sprint. So we've made tons of progress in the stores with specific training for both our sales consultants and our sales managers. And we have more to work with, with the favorable credit environment that Tom mentioned and about 90% of our customers are receiving an offer from one of the lenders, so there's a little more work with there. We have more tenure now in our sales consultant organization in general. We've just been around for a while. Some of our older stores have folks that have been with us for 10 or 15 years. So I just think it's a long, long process, and I think some of our efforts in training and development are really starting to pay dividends.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Or maybe you could -- is there anything you can highlight that's changed in the last quarter or 2 in terms of learnings from the next-gen store that you've sort of rolled out to the older stores?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, there really hasn't been anything that we have rolled back yet. So this is all just again continuous improvement and continuous effort across a very big base of associates. And we're very proud of their efforts and clearly, it's paying some pretty good dividends.
Operator: And your next question is from Sharon Zackfia from William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: A question on CarMax Auto Finance. I guess it's a two-pronged question. I mean, obviously, the penetration there is extremely good at this point. I think in the low 40s, it's probably the highest that I have remembered seeing it. So if you could talk about kind of how high is high for CAF penetration, I mean, how much further can you push that? And then secondarily, this is the first quarter, I think. I know we've been seeing the tightening spreads, but this is the first quarter where CAF income actually lagged in growth relative to revenue. And is there something, as we think about going forward, the impact of those spreads, should that gap widen? It's just we're all retail analysts, so if you could help us think about the finance income component of the equation going forward with the tightening spreads.
Thomas W. Reedy: Sure. I'll give it a shot, Sharon. As far as how high it can go, that's really going to depend on the applicant flow we see coming in the stores and applying for credit. With our current buy box and testing we're doing now, we're very comfortable with the spectrum of credit we're buying. We're not actively pushing super hard to go further downstream. But I would point you back to years past where we had a partner in the Tier 1 or the prime space with BofA when we saw higher than 42% in penetration in Tier 1. So it's really a matter of what the mix is coming through the door as what we can achieve on that front. As far as the tightening of spreads, it's something we've been talking about for a number of quarters. And as we've talked about, it takes a couple of years for the impact of any change in our profitability or behavior to kind of work itself through the system. And so I think it's not a surprise to us that the income growth is lagging, the revenue growth from CAF. In fact, I think we were expecting that as the spreads have tightened. And I would just encourage you to look at what we're originating and you can look at the public deals that are out there, you can see the exact spreads that's in every deal that's out in the public market. You can see what we're originating every quarter with the metrics that we're giving you and get a feel for what the portfolio is doing, and look at it over time and see what will -- what should happen.
Operator: And your next question is from Brian Nagel from Oppenheimer.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I've got a couple of questions I'm going to kind of lump into one. But first off, maybe just an update on kind of where your thinking is at the SG&A leverage point now. Because in the quarter, we saw the sales obviously accelerated very nicely, SG&A spending picked up as well. So maybe as you look at -- if we at the balance for this year, kind of where that leverage point is? And then second part of the question kind of goes back to our prior question, but as we think about the 17% used unit comp here, you called out your conversion is improving, but you also mentioned, I think, in the press release about maybe a benefit from the delayed tax refund. So the question out there is how should we think about the near-term sustainability of that 17% comp, particularly with comparisons getting maybe a little more challenging here over the next couple of quarters?
Thomas J. Folliard: What was the first part again?
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Leverage point in SG&A.
Thomas J. Folliard: Leverage. We haven't thought differently -- we don't think any different about leverage than we did before. We have aways said that we needed, in a growth mode, mid to high single-digit comps in order to achieve leverage. Obviously, 17% comps is going to provide some pretty good leverage. So our thoughts on leverage aren't really much different than they have been in the past.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. I guess one thing to point out though, if you look at the growth in SG&A year-over-year or even this quarter versus last, I think we're seeing a similar amount of dollar spend on new stores and growth than we were last year. And in years past and when we started growing, we were on accelerating plane. So we're at a point today where we're looking back over quarters where we're -- since we're opening a more consistent amount of stores, we're looking it back at kind of less incremental inefficiency seen in years past, so the more similar amount of inefficiency due to the growth.
Thomas J. Folliard: And then just as far as the quarter and impacts from tax returns moving, if you look at the 2 quarters combined, we don't really think it had any impact on our sales, so there's a little bit of shift from first quarter to second. It's really hard to say what's sustainability of comps. What you mentioned is a very good point, which is this quarter had a pretty easy comparison, the back half of the year has much more difficult comparison. So we never really to wrapped up on one quarter comps. We try to look at it over a much longer period of time. So obviously, the back half of the year has much more difficult comparisons. But where we're obviously very pleased with how the quarter came out, again, our stores did a terrific job of executing and we had a pretty good comp number.
Operator: And your next question is from Simeon Gutman from Crédit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Also, a multi-part question. The comp back on the comps, I mean, the growth was superb and we've talked about it a little already about some of the drivers. Can you try to shed some maybe more detail, better credits? I think you said, Tom, that the cars 5 years and older or above 25, but how are they changing beneath that if there are any changes? I think you said better training. And then just part of all that question, I don't think the industry is growing quite as fast as what you put up this quarter. Do you think that there's some brand effect here, the brand is more recognized, that the proposition is just better understood by the market, so the market share gains should accelerate going forward?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we don't want to freak out over one quarter. So I mean, we had a great quarter of growth, but it's just one quarter. Again, we're very happy with it, but I wouldn't look at this and say well now we're going to grow 20% every quarter going forward.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then within the credits here -- I mean, within the age of vehicles with the 5...
Thomas J. Folliard: The age of vehicles, we really didn't see much change. We -- our mix this quarter was very similar to last quarter. There really isn't anything you can look at in this quarter and point to one variable and say, "Oh, there's the big difference and that's why comps accelerated." I think it's a result of continued and long hard work by our store teams to continue to get better at what they do everyday and it's really just starting to pay off. There's no silver bullet in the quarter to say this variable changed dramatically and therefore, we've got an extra x amount of comps. I think it's just a continuation of a great consumer offer. And you mentioned our brand. I do think our brand is getting stronger, but I don't think it's like we flipped the switch on brand awareness in the quarter either. I think, again, that's a very long-term build that we've been working on for 20 years.
Operator: And your next question is from Aram Rubinson from Nomura.
Aram Rubinson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Two quick ones, if possible. One, wondering if you can give us what percent of originations you wrote, kind of at APRs, kind of net sub-3, just trying to get a sense of where you are on that financing equation. And then also just on a waterfall basis for conversion rates, are there things that you can kind of look at from traffic to test drive to trade to credit app and approval of where that waterfall is developing?
Thomas W. Reedy: Sure, I'll talk about the waterfalls. Well, I mean, we look at traffic coming through the door. Obviously, we improve because of conversion not because of the traffic. But we're seeing our associates in the stores do a better job of engaging the customers. We're seeing more test drives per customer. We're seeing more credit apps for customer and we're seeing, as we talked about on the finance, better conversion of those credit apps, both in the CAF space and in the Tier 3 space. And that's partly due to what's going on in the stores because you can't discount how difficult it might be to get a Tier 3 customer done and to accept that offer, to do so more difficult sales, but also because of the attractiveness of the offers that both they are providing and the CAF has been providing relative to past years.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. And Aram, it's not something you -- again, it's the same thing you can't point your finger at one thing and say that's what did it. But I think another factor that we haven't discussed yet is our web traffic was up 28% year-over-year. And I think obviously, consumer behavior has been shifting and changing over the years, and people are doing more and more research before they come to the store. They're more prepared when we get -- when they get there. So I think our carmax.com is a terrific website with a great search engine and great pictures and a great way for the customer to educate themself on the brand and what we have to offer and the quality of our cars. And then when they show up at the stores, they're getting a terrific consumer experience. So I think customers -- again, it's just a belief, but I think customers that show up at the store are more prepared and maybe more likely to buy than they have been in the past because our brand is stronger, our website is very strong and people are doing a lot more research before they get there. And then, you top that with 9 out of every 10 customers who applied for credit are getting an approval of some kind from one of our -- from at least one of our lenders, and it just gives our associates a lot to work with, so I think it's a number of different things.
Operator: And your next question is from Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: My primary question relates to credit. So APR is -- have obviously been coming down both for you and across the market for your competition. And that's been extremely reasonable as cost of funds has been kind of historically low. If you think about your perspective on the history of your credit business, looking at 18 to 24 months, in periods when cost of funds stops coming down or maybe it starts to drift up a little bit, what kind of flexibility does the industry have or does -- or what kind of prerogative does the industry take to drive those APRs higher? Does that happen or does it the world just essentially tolerate a lower spread?
Thomas W. Reedy: I think we'll know when we see it. I can't be predictive about it. But I think in the past, what we have seen is in time periods when rates are dropping, the customer rates had been sticky and not dropped as fast and vice versa. If rates were going up, that the market has been hesitant. Depending on competition and other things going on, it's going to hard to chase them upwards. So if we see rates increasing, you'd expect some additional compression until the market adjusts. How fast the market adjusts and to what extent, it's going to be dependent on factors at that point in time. We've been fortunate recently, but in the past couple of quarters, we've seen a movement in our ability to convert customers by providing more attractive rates, and that equation is good for CarMax. So we're going to constantly be testing that. We're going to make sure that we have a competitive offer for our customers at CAF because we're the only person in this space, and we don't want to sour people on CarMax because of credit. And we'll just continually try to make sure that we're competitive in providing best offers we can.
Thomas J. Folliard: And remember, our consumer offer is unique in that the customer gets like an unfiltered view of the credit offering from the lenders that we provide, so we're really just going to move along with the competition. But I think as a consumer, it's a great environment to fill out a credit application, have it looked up by several lenders and they all operate in a competitive environment. And we have to move along with our -- along with the competition. So when you ask what's going to happen when the cost of funds go up, it's going to be largely dependent on what everybody else does. And we want to sell as many cars as possible and give the consumer the absolute best chance to buy a car from us, and that's always going to be our goal.
Aram Rubinson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess, if there's a direct follow-up, it's what happened last time as best you recall. I mean, we're trying to look at this on our own, but if you think -- I don't know how many years ago it was when you could think of similar situation where maybe [indiscernible]
Thomas J. Folliard: I'll just tell you, Matt, in general, in a rising cost of fund environment, in general, spreads tend to shrink. And in a lowering cost of fund environment, spends tend to widen. I mean, over 20 years, that's what we've seen. If cost of funds go up, we see a little -- we see it shrink a little because rates don't raise as -- go up as fast as cost of funds and it's exactly the opposite on the way down. So that's what we've seen in the past, but we're not making any prediction about what we'll see going forward.
Operator: And your next question is from James Albertine from Stifel, Nicolaus.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: If I could ask a quick question on the inventory side and supplies side of the equation here, I noticed the cash build from the fourth quarter into the first quarter and understanding your comments in prior quarters that there were some opportunities to sort of buy ahead of demand as it were. But I just wanted to get your sort of update on where you think the supply is shaking out from a pricing perspective, as well as a forward look, if you will, on a gross profit per unit and how much you can hold in a sort of declining wholesale price environment.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I can only point to our history on that and we've done a pretty good job of managing through both appreciating and depreciating environment as far as keeping our margins stable. Hopefully, we will be able to do that going forward. The first quarter -- I mean, the fourth quarter, I'm sorry, was really a little bit unique and we talked about it some at the end of the last call because the change in inventory year-over-year was driven by some conservatives in the year prior, and then a little bit more aggression in the fourth quarter. But since then, we've been running our inventory levels kind of in line with our sales and where we want to be. So we're pretty comfortable where our inventory is. We're obviously pretty comfortable with pricing as we were able to maintain our margins during the quarter. And the depreciation that we're seeing now in the marketplace, I don't want to say normal because I'm not sure what that means anymore, but it's a little more normal kind of from what we saw, say from '02 to '08 prior to the recession. We always see cars appreciate a little bit in the beginning of the year and then tend to decline, heading towards the end of the year -- end of the calendar year. So I think as supply starts to come back and we see a little bit more of a normal turn, we'll be in an environment that is actually a little smoother than what we've seen in the past. We've seen some massive volatility in both depreciation and appreciation, and we've done a pretty good job of managing through that. So if it's a little smoother, hopefully, it will be easier for us to manage through.
Operator: And your next question is from Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Dan Galves for Ron. Just had a question on -- a little bit more detail on the really strong comps in the quarter. Now that you have 5 stores that opened in fiscal '12 that are part of the comp, can you give us a sense of how those are performing, where the same comps for those stores better than the overall?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. We don't -- we won't break it out in that much detail, Dan. But what I would tell you is that since we've restarted growth, if you look at the collection of stores we've opened in the aggregate, they're all performing at or above our expectations. So we're very happy with the stores that we've been both building and opening since coming out of the recession, but we don't break it out in that level of detail. Once they become comp, they're into the total average. And as we've talked about before with our model, we expect bigger comps in the early years of a new store, particularly in a new market. It's a little bit of a different equation when you look at adding a satellite store. But if you open up a brand-new store, we're clearly going to expect bigger comps in the first few years as the store gets going.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I just want to clarify that you're basically saying that store traffic was essentially flat year-over-year.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes.
Operator: And your next question is from Rick Nelson from Stephens.
N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I just want to ask you about subprime at 21% of sales compared to 16% a year ago. How did the delays in the tax refunds effect that and how much opportunity to grow subprime do you see and how much less profitable is? And I think in the past, you've said about $1,000 per unit.
Thomas W. Reedy: I'll take those in order. As far as the shift over year, I think it was pretty minimal. It was a small part of the increase, but it was definitely not as what we saw. Subprime sales carry into the first quarter a little more strongly than we would have expected. As far as how high subprime can go, that is really going to be dependent on behavior of our partners and they're lending behavior and the traffic through the door and the quality of credit with our applicants. We don't influence or dictate how our lending partners are going to approve people or the types of offers they're going to give, so we're dependent on them on a go-forward basis. We've been very happy with the relationships. And I think how high it can go, it depends -- it really just -- it just depends. As far as the profitability, nothing's changed. It's about a $1,000 discount to where we see a traditional transaction.
Thomas J. Folliard: But just as a reminder, Rick, as we've talked about before, at that moment, that customer has been -- has no other alternative for credit, so all of our other lenders have decided not to offer them a loan. So at that moment, that customer for us, we believe, is pretty much 100% incremental. So although the profit might be lower, it's profit that we wouldn't have had otherwise. Additionally, I think we're the best place to buy a car for a credit customer in that category because we don't change our prices based on the fact that there might potentially be a higher repo rate. We deliver an exceptionally high-quality car. We do it in a transparent fashion. And for us, not -- everybody's credit changes over time and those customers become CarMax spokespeople. So we're very proud of the offering that we have and we're happy to provide credit offerings for all spectrums of credit from -- in all different tiers for our customers.
N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Is it fair enough for [indiscernible] -- maybe to bring those kind of some of that subprime business fund to your own books?
Thomas W. Reedy: I think we're happy with the spectrum of credit we're buying today and -- but it's -- to the extent that becomes something that is an opportunity, we'll let you know. We're always looking at what we should be doing different in the business to the extent there is -- are things we should be doing.
Operator: And your next question is from Bill Armstrong from CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: To what extent do you think -- when we look at the Manheim index, about 5% lower than a year ago, to what extent do you think lower used car prices may be improving the value proposition that you guys are able to offer to customers and maybe improving your competitive position and perhaps contributing to that conversion rate?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, that's a really hard thing to gauge. If you look at our average retail, it's actually not down. So again, we're always kind of buying at the higher end of the used car spectrum, and 5% is not that big a move, particularly in the period of time we're talking about. So I would say, at this point, very little impact, if any.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question is from David Whiston from Morningstar.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: A consumer behavior question for you. There's been some talk on the new vehicle production side of -- eventually the supply chain not being able to keep up with the growth in U.S. demand. So if that were to happen and there were some bottlenecks that were consumers who want to buy new can't, would you expect those consumers to go to a CarMax store to buy used or do you think they would just stay out of the market?
Thomas J. Folliard: That's really impossible to tell, but if you look at the growth in the SAR, it has actually decelerated, so I think the last -- so the last quarter was up 5%, and we've seen double-digit growth there in the last couple of years. So we're not looking at -- it doesn't look to us like new car sales are going so fast that manufacturers can't keep up with it.
Operator: And your next question is from -- a follow-up from Matt Fassler from Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It was great to hear about the increased penetration of mobile. Can you talk at all about whether you're seeing higher conversions from customers who were engaged in mobile and sort of your ability to track the impact that, that might be having on your business?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. We really can't. I mean, we can only track it. It depends how much information they give us. Any lead we get, whether it's just regular carmax.com or from a tablet or from a mobile, customers can go and search and do all kinds of stuff without giving us any information. If it translates into a lead where they call the store, they email the store, then it's a little bit more trackable. But I don't know exactly, but I don't think we've really seen a discernible difference between a mobile hit to the website or a regular hit to the website. I just think in general, consumers are going to -- I think obviously that what a touchscreen of some kind, whether it's a tablet or mobile, is continue -- is going to continue to be a bigger percentage of total hits to our website. So we have to make sure we have a great experience for the customer and a great offering for them, and we're very focused on that.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Thomas J. Folliard: Okay. With no further questions, I want to thank all of you for joining. And I, of course, want to thank all of our associates for all they do everyday, and we'll see you at the end of the second quarter. Thanks.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-04-10 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Mark R. Altschwager - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew Vigneau - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Yejay Ying - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Joe Edelstein - Stephens Inc., Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Trico, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 FY 2013 conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Katharine Kenny. Ma'am, you may begin.
Katharine W. Kenny: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2013 fourth quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today, as usual, are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending February 29, 2012, filed with the SEC and our new 10-K, of course, will be out shortly. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well said, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the call. We're very pleased to announced a record year of both revenues and earnings for CarMax. Total revenues grew to nearly $11 billion. Retail used vehicle unit sales increased 10% to over 447,000 cars. We continue to implement our new store growth plan in fiscal 2013 as well, during which we opened 10 stores. That's the most stores we've opened since fiscal 2008. I'll go on to some other highlights, first for the year and then the quarter. For the year, used units comps increased by 5% compared to 1% in the prior year. Net earnings, up 5% to $434 million. Wholesale units increased by 3% on top of a 20% increase in fiscal '12. CAF income, up 14% to nearly $300 million. Tom will talk more about that in a second. Also, we've talked about market share at the end of each year. Our data indicates that we increased our share of 0- to 6-year old used vehicle -- 0- to 6-year old used in the -- we increased our share of the 0- to 6-year old used vehicle market by approximately 3% in the markets that we serve to a total of nearly 6%. Also, more recently, we've looked at our share on a broader basis, since that's where our inventory and sales have moved. And on a 0- to 10-year old basis, we estimate that our share has grown in the markets that we serve by about 6% to a total of approximately 4%. Now for the fourth quarter, used unit comps increased by 6% compared to 4% in the prior year. Total used vehicle gross profit grew by 12% and total wholesale gross profit grew by 11%. Wholesale units increased by 7% on top of a 13% increase the prior year, largely due to the increase in our store base. Appraisal traffic did grow modestly and at nearly 30%, our appraisal buy rate was slightly higher than last year's fourth quarter. CAF quarterly income also grew by a strong 15% this quarter. On SG&A. SG&A for the fiscal year increased 10% from $941 million in 2012 to right at $1 billion in 2013. More than half of the increase was related to new stores and growth. On a per unit basis, SG&A remained flat on a year-over-year basis despite our 10 new store openings. For the fourth quarter, SG&A increased 9% to $265 million but on a per unit basis, SG&A declined by $53 to 20 -- $2,212 per unit. Our year-end inventory increased by a little over $400 million compared to the end of fiscal 2012. Approximately 1/4 of this increase was due to our new stores. The remainder was due to comp unit growth and a faster ramp-up in units in anticipation of tax season this year. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom to talk about customer finance. Tom?
Thomas W. Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. So for the full year, CAF income increased $37 million or 14% to $299 million, as Tom said. This is in line with the growth in average managed receivables, which was up 16% during fiscal 2013. In the fourth quarter, CAF income grew $10 million or 15% compared to Q4 of fiscal 2012. And our portfolio of average managed receivables increased 17% to $5.7 billion. For the quarter, interest margin after the provision for loan losses increased 13%. Our growth in managed receivables are driven -- largely driven by strong origination volumes over the last 2 years, which were supported by the expansion in CAF penetration, CarMax's sales volume growth and the increase in the average amount financed. Net loans originated during the quarter increased 37% year-over-year, driven by the same factors. As we discussed last quarter, we saw customers respond favorably to our finance offers. That momentum seems to have continued in the fourth quarter, and CAF's net penetration in Q4 was 43% compared to 37% in FY '12. The allowance for loan losses grew by $14 million or 32% to $57.3 million. And as a percent of ending managed receivables, it increased 0.1% to 1%. This increase also reflects the growth in our portfolio, as well as that shift in the credit mix as we return to our prerecession origination strategy. That program of selling loans at CAF historically retained to third-party providers ended last January, it will take some time for the portfolio to fully reflect the change in origination strategy. Third-party subprime providers accounted for about 15% of sales in the fourth quarter, which is consistent with last year. There's no new news regarding access to financing. It remains very strong with over 90% of applicants receiving at least one approval from CAF or one of our partner lenders. Now I'll turn it back over to Tom to wrap up before questions.
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you. I'll just touch on a couple of things before opening it up for questions. I'll talk some about the web and then store growth for the coming year. For our website in the fourth quarter, we achieved a milestone of over 10 million monthly web visits. For the fiscal year, traffic grew over 15% to an average of 9 million visits per month. Visits to our mobile site now represent 20% of total visits to carmax.com, while visits utilizing the iPhone or Android apps represent over 6% of our traffic. As far as growth for fiscal 2014, we plan to open 13 stores. That will be a record number of openings for us. We're very excited about the variety of superstores that we plan to open and the variety of markets where we will -- that we will enter. Two of our new stores will be small format models. One which we have already opened in Harrisonburg, Virginia and the other we'll open in the third quarter in Jackson, Tennessee. We'll also open 2 stores in new midsize markets in Columbus and Savannah, Georgia. And we'll enter 2 new large metro markets, with 2 stores each in Philadelphia and St. Louis. And then we'll also add a number of stores in some of our more successful markets including Baltimore, Sacramento and Houston. We expect to end fiscal 2014 with a total of 131 superstores. With that, Katharine, we'll open it up for questions.
Katharine W. Kenny: Thank you.
Thomas J. Folliard: Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Simeon Gutman.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So my one question on traffic and conversion. It sounds like conversion's been a bigger driver of the comp the past few quarters; traffic, not as much. And so Tom, as you think about traffic coming back, we speak a lot about sentiment and macro, is it just that or do you think as the volume of some of the late model vintages start to improve, will that be a traffic driver in and of itself?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I think that's a possibility. We've always thought about when we think of -- when we project our -- what we think our sales will be. We always think roughly in terms of comp sales that we'll get about half from traffic and half from conversion. And that's largely true over the long haul. It's not always true in a specific quarter. So in the fourth quarter, it was driven more by conversion than it was by traffic, but we still think over the long haul, we'll get about half from both. But we're extremely pleased with the execution in our stores. We have a lot of initiatives we worked on over the last couple of years with training and other things. And it looks like it's really paying off, and our store teams are just doing a great job executing with the customers that they have.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Nemer.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: My question is did you see any impact to your business from the delayed tax refund season in terms of the cadence of sales? And then if I could sneak in a quick follow-up which is any competitive response to lower CAF rates from either your lender partners or other lenders that you're not partnered with.
Thomas J. Folliard: So on the first part, we don't really talk about cadence in a quarter, but what I will say is every year, tax season is an approximation. So it happens but it moves around between the end of January and all the way into March. This year, there was a delay, but a lot of times the tax season is going to straddle the fiscal year for us anyway. So Josh, I don't think it really matters. I think at the end of the day, we'll get all the sales that we expect to get, but it's really difficult to figure out without some more time passing and being able to take a look back exactly how it fell, but we sold a lot of cars. In terms of competitiveness to the rate?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I guess, I can speak to that a little, Matt. With regard to the partners, as you know, we get the first look at the customers that are coming through the doors, so they really don't have the opportunity to respond and compete with us in the system unless we've conditioned the offer somehow and it passes down to them. And with respect to other people at the competitive environment in general, I think what we've seen happen and what we've have been doing over the last couple of quarters is we're seeing our better customers being warmer to taking us up on more aggressive rate offers. And as we view that and as the combination of the decrease in the APR they receive plus the increase in sales and the increase in amount of CAF penetration, all combined, we're looking at that constantly to determine what the optimal mix is if that's possible and try to optimize profit for CarMax all in going forward. But it's very difficult to see if there's any kind of competitive response to what we're doing because that world is going on whether we're there or not.
Thomas J. Folliard: And Matt, to Tom's point, I think what we're doing has been working, and we've been sticking with it. So there have been times in the past where lowering rates to our best credit customers hasn't necessarily delivered in terms of incremental sales, whereas now, it's working pretty well.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Nagel.
Rupesh Parikh - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: This is Rupesh Parikh for Brian Nagel. So our first question, or I guess our only question, has to do with new store productivity. How do openings trended so far for the stores you opened in 2011 and 2012 versus your internal expectations?
Thomas J. Folliard: If you take the total, so since we've restarted growth, our new stores as a group are performing at least at our expectations.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Altschwager.
Mark R. Altschwager - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: My question is on the subprime piece. It seems appetite for subprime loans has improved quite a bit recently. And I think based on past calls, CarMax's said they're paying about $1,000 for each subprime loan originated by the third-party partners. I'm wondering is there an opportunity to renegotiate that rate or could CAF underwrite more of the subprime loans to lower the percentage going to the third party?
Thomas W. Reedy: I think the rate that we pay to those partners is something that we look at on an ongoing basis, and as we look at our business and the volume of subprime and what we believe the economics they might be achieving are, we'll consider that on a go-forward basis. As far as CAF, we're very comfortable with the book of business we're buying today. That doesn't mean we don't look for ways to expand it on an ongoing basis. We're also doing testing to see where we can pick up incremental business. And to the extent it makes sense, we can -- we will look at it. But at this point, we're very comfortable with what we're buying, with the spectrum of risk that we're buying.
Thomas J. Folliard: And also at the end of last year, we saw some movement with our third-party providers. And as you see, the fourth quarter this year as a percent of sales was the same as last year, so we don't see that same step function that we saw in the fall last year.
Operator: The next question is from Sharon Zackfia.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I guess I know you don't give guidance but with being more aggressive on the prime loans and the rates coming down for CAF of the loans that you're kind of generating, could you give us any idea on how you expect those spreads to progress throughout fiscal '14 and whether or not we should view direct lending income growth lag your retail sales at this point, or is that deferred more into fiscal '15?
Thomas W. Reedy: As far as timing, I can give you an overall feel for what we expect. If you look at the APR or the contract rates that we've given, the origination metrics, you see that it's trended down to 7.1% this quarter. It was 7.7% last quarter, and I think it was 8.7% last year. So clearly, we're trending downward with respect to the APR of the portfolio and what we're originating. That's going to get combined with cost of funds, which has also been trended down over the last year but seems to have stabilized a little bit most recently. And as I think we talked about either last quarter or the quarter before, it does take a couple of years for the impact of any kind of changes to get baked into the portfolio. So I think the expectation would be that as -- if we continue on the same path, you would see a compression in the overall spread of profitability for financing. However, we'd expect to have more volume as well.
Thomas J. Folliard: And it's hard since we've been saying for 2 or 3 years that we expect spreads to shrink and they really haven't. And now they kind of have started to, but we expected that a couple of years ago.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes.
Thomas J. Folliard: And you see, our total profit per unit earned over the life of the loan has moved dramatically over the last 5, 6, 7 years. We were down around 900 or 1,000 up to around 2,000. We always expected that to settle back in some. And as Tom mentioned, the good news is despite the fact that it's settled back in, some of the rate testing we've done have delivered in terms of some extra sales. But in terms of projecting forward, it's very difficult.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. And obviously, our primary goal with the CAF business is to provide a competitive offer for our customers, and we have that first look. And one thing we do know is that we're going to make more money doing it ourselves than farm it off to a partner. So whatever that spread is doing, if it's driven by the competitive marketplace, I think it's better for CarMax for us to be doing it ourselves.
Thomas J. Folliard: The bottom line is, Sharon, it's a great time to buy a car. Rates are cheap, and we have lots of inventory.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Can I sneak a follow-up? The more aggressive rates, do you think that's just increasing CAF penetration or you actually think it's incrementally kind of benefiting sales, just to clarify?
Thomas W. Reedy: I think it is benefiting sales. It's not easy to discern exactly how much because, as Tom mentioned, we're executing very well on the stores. It also depends a bit on credit quality coming through the door, which is up a bit year-over-year. So CAF naturally get more customers. But yes, we do believe it's helping sales because the CAF offer is typically a more attractive offer than what you'll get from another partner.
Thomas J. Folliard: And the other factor is 3-day payoff. So at a more aggressive rate, you see less of that, so that ultimately helps net penetration.
Operator: The next question is from Scot Ciccarelli.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Another CAF question, actually. We saw subprime flattened out at 15% here this quarter, but CAF continues to increase its penetration rate. What's the right way to think about kind of CAF and subprime trends call it a year or 2 down the road? Is there some sort of guideline you guys are trying to kind of adhere to?
Thomas W. Reedy: No, we don't have a view to the future, and as you know, we don't really talk about where we think the world should be going. But we don't have any indication from our partners that we should expect the change in behavior from them as far as subprime and their aggressiveness. And as I mentioned before, I think we're pretty comfortable with the buy box we're in with CAF. We'll look at that on an ongoing basis, we'll test all the time. And as things evolve, we'll make sure that we're communicating.
Thomas J. Folliard: But, Scot, it's not like we pick a number and say, we're going to get CAF penetration to 42% and then we're going to stop. We're not -- we're looking to optimize total sales and profit. So I mean, if we could do more penetration on CAF and we thought it was a net positive for the business overall and that we could get it funded effectively, we would do that. Right now, we've kind of settled into what looks like prerecession levels. And as we've talked about, subprime lenders have been a little bit more aggressive in the last couple of years, so that's how it came up for the year, but who knows what will happen next year.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I apologize for the follow-up here, but with a lot of the press releases that we've seen, or news articles, I should say, about even longer loan terms at least on new cars. We've seen news articles on 97-month leases -- or excuse me, car payments. Could we see CAF because the flexibility that you have actually extend the length of loan terms as well?
Thomas W. Reedy: Again, we will look at the market and what is going on and what we need to do to stay competitive. And to the extent we started feeling competitive pressure or we're unable to satisfy customers by not offering that product, it might be something we consider. At this point, we have not moved the longest term that we'll offer to customers.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. Scot, we haven't found that to be a deterrent for sales, or the people aren't asking for a mortgage.
Operator: The next question is from John Murphy.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Liz Lane on for John. What are the limiting factors for store growth after fiscal '14? Because it seems like you have a solid store growth plan of 13 stores for the year, and after that, you've maintained your outlook of 10 to 15 stores per year. But what if anything would limit that growth towards the lower end of the guidance range as opposed to the higher end?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I mean, what -- mostly unknown factors that -- whatever could happen in the economy, unemployment, macroeconomic factors that we don't have any control over. We feel pretty good about the way we're executing our business right now. We feel pretty good about real estate availability and how well our teams have built back up the pipeline. We feel pretty good about our management bench, which we've spent time building up, and we've done it progressively over the last few years as we've, I think, in a very controlled manner, ramped back up our growth rate. So we feel pretty well positioned to continue to deliver the range that we've talked about for the next 3 years. And I don't see any reason why it would go back down to the low end unless something happens that we're not aware of.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Vigneau.
Matthew Vigneau - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: During the quarter, did you see any shifts in the growth rate for the 0- to 6-year old vehicles or even any shifts within this range? And related, were there any components within mix that had a notable impact perhaps on ASP which look pretty strong?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we only talk about share for the full year because the data, one, is lagged, and two, it's not very accurate on the short term. So I can't really comment on any movement within the quarter. In terms of our mix of inventory, the mix of sales for the quarter, we did see some shifting within like 0 to 4 slightly over towards 0 to 2 away from 3 to 4. But our mix of older stuff, so from, say, 5 to 10, remains pretty stable and pretty high as a total percentage. So I think we're all expecting as supply comes back to pick up sales in a place where we have historically done very well, which is the kind of 0 to 4 bucket, but we've seen more movement in the 0 to 2 than in the, say, 3 to 4. And I think that's just a reflection of how cars have sold over the last 4 or 5 years. And now with the SAAR back up over 15 million in the past year and projected to go up again next year, I think you'll see the benefit of that in later model inventory over the next few years.
Matthew Vigneau - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And anything that drove the strong ASPs within the mix of inventory?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, I think our ASPs were only up a few hundred bucks. That's kind of -- what?
Thomas W. Reedy: 4%.
Thomas J. Folliard: 4%, I would just consider that a little bit noise. Not mix-related, yes.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, not mix-related, right.
Operator: And your next question is from James Albertine of Stifel.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just to shift gears to the gross profit per unit. It looked like it was relatively flat year-over-year, and I just want to understand as that late model resurgence starts to work its way into next year and then you noted the 0- to 2-year shift, what we should expect from a gross profit per unit basis going forward.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, we've addressed this a bunch on the call. As we shifted older, I think there were some concerns that gross margin per unit would decline because of the shift to older. But as we have talked about, that's not really how margin works. So we're not anticipating some big change in our margin per unit because we shift to newer stuff. Hopefully, we can continue to be a big player in older stuff as well so...
Operator: Your next question is from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley.
Yejay Ying - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is actually Yejay, in for Ravi. My question is on acquisition costs and supply and more specifically of rental supply. So the rental industry seems to be moving fairly aggressively towards risk vehicles and in addition, also moving towards selling more directly to dealers and consumers versus wholesaling their cars. What kind of impact, if any, are you guys seeing from this dynamic from both the used and -- or retail and the wholesale perspective?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, rentals -- the rental industry, when it comes back to market, is generally 1-year-old car with around 30,000 miles on it. There are tons of those cars at the auction. It doesn't really matter whether they go back as buybacks and the manufacturers run them at the auction or they're at-risk cars and the rental car agencies themselves run them at the auction. And despite lots of efforts to do the things that you mentioned, there's still tons of those cars out there at the auction. That being said, that's not a very big percentage of our sales to begin with. So again, that only represents 1-year-old cars.
Yejay Ying - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And just as a very quick follow-up to that, what are you guys seeing in terms of -- in real time in terms of off-lease supply and just late-model used?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, there's been a lot of movement in leasing as a percentage of total sales. And I think you've seen some numbers recently up over 30%, I know Honda and Toyota are both over 30%, of vehicles sold were leased. We won't see the impact of that for 2 or 3 years when they come back off of lease. And I can't really predict what's going to happen in the short term, but what has historically happened as leases as a percent of sales have moved quite a bit over time. And we've seen it over our 20 years in the business. Sometimes that's 30% of sales, sometimes it's 15% of sales. It just means there's a different avenue for us to go and get those cars. So if it's -- if there's more -- if a higher percentage of cars are leased, they're a little bit more organized when they come back to the auction, because usually it's the lease provider that will run the cars. And if they're not off lease, then customers are still going to trade in and out of cars. They'll just be a little bit more fragmented in terms of the way that supply comes back to market.
Operator: Your next question is from Clint Fendley of Davenport.
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: My one question, I believe you said that your data shows about a 4% total share of all used. I wonder if you could provide any color for how that share might vary across your store base, especially for some of your older stores?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we don't get into too many specifics, and we're talking about only 0- to 10-year old cars, so the market is obviously much bigger than that. And when we expand and start and talk about share in 0 to 10, clearly there are many cars that are in that kind of 6 to 10 range that just don't meet our retail standards. So they still count it sales, they're still in the denominator, but they're not in our share growth. And so we saw that percentage, that share of 0- to 10-year old cars for the year grow by about 6% ending at a total of about 4%. If you look at it market by market, we're going to have higher share in older markets. So places like Richmond or Baltimore, Washington or Raleigh or Atlanta, South Florida, places where we've been for a very long time, our shares are going to quite a bit higher than it is in a new market. But it's pretty varied, but in general, the older markets are going to have a higher share.
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Is your rate of share growth for some of the older stores significantly different from this 3% average that you've seen across the base?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. If you just think about it over the long haul, the way we expect sales to fall, we're going to get faster comp growth and therefore share growth in the early years of a store's life. And then that's going to slow as the store matures. So if we have a store that's 15-plus years old and it's selling up in the Baltimore market or some of our bigger stores, 800, 900, 1,000 cars a month, even a very small percentage gain there is a really, really big deal. So although we expect it to slow as the stores get older, it's still very, very valuable growth for us.
Operator: And your next question is from Rick Nelson of Stephens.
Joe Edelstein - Stephens Inc., Research Division: This is Joe Edelstein, in for Rick. How should we think about your ability to lever as you continue to ramp the new store base? Are we still looking for kind of a mid to high type single-digit comp number?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we still -- I mean, in general, we still are thinking like that, but we're going to invest in the initiatives that we think are most valuable for the business long term. So when you look at the fourth quarter, we had a robust set of openings. We have kind of a difficult comparison when you look at the weighting of new stores are very SG&A inefficient. Yet for the quarter, we leverage our SG&A on a per unit basis by, what was it, $40 or $50. So we're pretty pleased with that, and that was with a 6% comp. So I couldn't tell you exactly, but if we have flat comps, we probably wouldn't leverage. And if we had higher comps, we would leverage a little bit more. But we think we need in the mid single digits to leverage if we're going to be -- continue to be aggressive with both growth and spending on initiatives.
Joe Edelstein - Stephens Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And just a separate question as a follow-up. Can you give us some detail around the ESP allowance and why exactly that increased? Obviously, the revenues are going up. But is it just simply kind of a step function where you had to allocate more in there which then cost the penny to the quarter?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I can give you a little more color around that. I mean, the ESP product is one that the customer can return. And if they return it, the partner that we -- partners that we deal with has to refund them the money and we have to refund a pro rata portion of the commission that we received. So every time we sell an ESP, we apply a reserve for returns. We look at that reserve on an ongoing basis. And we observed an increase in return activity in recent months and quarters. And it was appropriate to step up the reserve based on the experience that we had. So I wouldn't consider this an extraordinary item. And I wouldn't consider 1 penny material for CarMax, but the fact that it does distort the other gross margin line was the reason that we called it out, and it was about a penny. But it does represent essentially resetting the reserve for ESP returns.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question is from Bill Armstrong of CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: In terms of supply trends, are you already seeing improved supply in that 1 to -- 0- to 3- or 0- to 4-year-old range or is that sort of more anticipated as we move through the year? And related to that, are you seeing any major difference between the auctions and the appraisal lanes in terms of improvement in 0- to 3-year-old supply?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, as I said, if look at 0 to 4, we've seen some shifting from 3 and 4 year olds to 0 to 2 year olds. In terms of the 0 to 4 in total, it really hasn't changed much, didn't change much for the quarter, some movement for the year. So it has started some, but again, I think it's going to be more of a delay based on what happens with the SAAR. That's what we've seen so far. In terms of the difference between the auction and the appraisal, I don't really know the answer to that. My guess is it's going to be somewhat similar.
Operator: Your next question is from David Whiston from Morningstar.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Now that the fiscal year is over, for a past couple of years, your competitors, in particular the franchise dealers and the rental agencies, have been coming a bit more efficient and more aggressive in used retailing. So at this point, do you and the board think that, that threat is stronger and more of a threat to CarMax, or do you think the market is still so fragmented that it really won't affect you guys?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, if you look at the publics in total, all 6 of them combined, it represents about 2% of 0- to 6-year-old used car sold. So I'd say in general, the market is very fragmented. We are constantly trying to pay attention to any competitive threat, whether it's an organized way from a dealer or it's through kind of third-party providers who provide dealer services. So there's lots of online services that are making it easier for dealers to do various functions like offer financing or offer extended warranties and things like that. And we pay attention to all of them. We are very focused on continuing to improve the CarMax consumer offers so that we're competitive against any threat that we might see regardless of where it comes from.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And so related to your point, do you guys need to do increase -- dramatically increase your IT spending for your website or you're pretty happy with the investment level there?
Thomas J. Folliard: We're pretty happy. We've been spending quite a bit on it, and we've done so for several years, and we will continue to going forward. I talked about just the movement at some of our -- where the volume is coming from. Obviously, like everybody else, we're seeing lots of people come to the website via a mobile device, whether it's through our app or just through the mobile website. We have made lots of advancements there. We introduced an app just in the last 6 or 8 months. We just rereleased our Android app, which had some bugs, and we pulled it and we just rereleased that. But the app -- visits through the app are at about 6%, visits through the mobile website are about 20% of our total hits. And we've had some outstanding growth in our website of about 15% for the year. We had 10 million hits for the month for the first time ever, so it looks like some of our investments have been paying off, but we understand that we have to keep making those investments if we want to keep up.
Operator: Your next question is from Efraim Levy of S&P IQ.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: It's Efraim Levy at S&P Capital IQ. Could you provide some color on some trends in terms of mix, whether it's luxury versus non-luxury, car versus trucks, or brand shifts?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we didn't have much. There's not much to report there. About 25% of our sales are in sport utilities and trucks, just to give you one big number. And that number remained pretty consistent year-over-year. We didn't have a lot of shift in terms of what we're selling.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: And same for appraisal mix?
Thomas J. Folliard: I'm not sure. Yes, it would be the same for appraisal mix because that's the big chunk of what we're selling so...
Operator: Your next question is from Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a follow-up. I think the other...
Thomas J. Folliard: Sharon, thank you for following the rules and getting back in the queue.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I did ask a follow-up earlier though, so I actually broke the rules before following the rules. But the other SG&A bucket, it actually went down in dollars year-over-year, and I was just wondering if there was any year-end true-up there or anything that you would really call out because it actually was kind of material on a year-over-year basis.
Thomas J. Folliard: I'll let Tom answer that one. That was too much detail for me.
Thomas W. Reedy: The answer is no, there's nothing in there to talk about.
Operator: Your next question is from Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: We had about 32% inventory growth last quarter and 39% growth this quarter. I know you comment that you're relatively comfortable with it, and obviously sales have been pretty good. But I guess the question is how should we think about inventory growth going forward, and is there kind of direct correlation we can find between inventory growth and sales or is it less scientific than that?
Thomas J. Folliard: It is less scientific but it does change our confidence in how aggressively we would build. And that's really what you saw in the quarter. First of all, about 1/4 of the growth was new stores so that's pretty easily explained. Comps are up 6% so that's going to take another chunk of it if it was just linear. But last year, second and third quarter, we had negative comps, and normally, we're building for tax season coming through November, December and January. And we were definitely consciously less aggressive last year building inventory. Whereas this year, we were a little more confident. We built inventory more aggressively. So it's kind of a little bit of a double whammy. We weren't as aggressive last year, we were more aggressive this year. So I'd say last year, we were slightly down from where we wanted to be. This year, we were more aligned with where we wanted to be but it makes for a bigger spread right, after you take out roughly 25% for new stores and comps.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So going forward, now that tax season is kind of behind us, do we start to see the year-over-year inventory growth start to moderate going forward?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, that will really depend on what happens with sales. And we're also -- another factor for inventory for us is paying close attention to what's happening in the wholesale market, and appreciation and depreciation, it's another tailwind or headwind depending which direction it's going in terms of how aggressive we want to be with building inventory.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Thomas J. Folliard: Okay, seeing no further questions, I want to thank everybody for calling in today. I also want to thank all of our associates for all they do everyday. And we'll talk to you at the end of next quarter. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2012-12-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Gary Balter - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Chad Potter - Gradient Analytics, Inc. James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Joe Edelstein - Stephens Inc., Research Division William Armstrong David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Mo, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter Fiscal '13 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to today's host, Ms. Katharine Kenny, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.
Katharine W. Kenny: Thank you, Mo, and happy holidays to everybody. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2013 third quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you, as always, that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2012, filed with the SEC. I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Well, we're very pleased to report used unit comps for the third quarter of 12% and total growth in used units of 16%. Almost all of our comp growth was due to improved conversion. We believe improved conversion was due to a number of factors, more compelling finance offers from CAF and our third-party lenders, increased inventory selection and strong execution by our store sales teams. In addition, we believe consumer sentiment has improved somewhat, which may be resulting in more engaged customers in our stores. Total used vehicle gross profit grew by 15% as our used unit sales increase was slightly offset by a $25 decrease in used vehicle gross profit per unit to $2,146 per car. Our wholesale unit sales increased 10% compared to last year due to higher appraisal traffic. Our buy ratio of 28% remained about the same as in the third quarter of last year. Total wholesale gross profit grew by 11% as a result of higher unit sales and a $9 increase in per unit gross profit to $923. CAF quarterly income grew 16% to $72.5 million, Tom Reedy will comment more in a moment. During the quarter, sales of 5-year and older vehicles as a percentage of our total sales remained well above 25%, as we've been seeing for a while. Year-over-year sales of SUVs and trucks fell by about 4 percentage points of our total, offset by a similar increase in the percentage of compact and midsized vehicles. You'll also notice that our total inventory at the end of the quarter was up substantially. This is also for a number of different reasons. First and foremost, our sales are up 12% and we usually move our inventory along with sales. We had 10 new stores in the quarter compared to last year, which was about 1/4 of the increase. And lastly, historically, we've built inventory levels in the fall. And in last year's third quarter, we moderated this build given the negative comp levels we were experiencing at the time. But this year, we reverted to a more aggressive level of production given the improved condition. I'll now turn the call over to Tom and he'll comment on financing. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. CAF income grew $10 million or 16% compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2012, in line with our portfolio of managed receivables, which increased 15% to $5.5 billion. For the quarter, interest margin after the provision for loan losses increased 14%. The growth in managed receivables was largely driven by strong origination volumes over the course of fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013. These were lifted by CAF's expanded penetration and increase in the average amount of financed and CarMax's sales volume growth. The allowance for loan losses grew $12.9 million or 31% to $54.3 million. As a percent of average managed receivables, it increased 0.1 point to 1.0%. This increase reflects the growth in our portfolio and the shift in credit mix as we return to our pre-recession origination strategy. The magnitude of the increase was tempered somewhat by favorable loss experience. Net loans originated in the third quarter increased 29% year-over-year. This was largely driven by higher CarMax sales and an increase in CAF net penetration, which was 41% compared to 38% in the third quarter of 2012. Penetration increased due to the transition back to the pre-recession origination strategy and the extension of more compelling finance offers to our customers. As you know, we test offers and policies on an ongoing basis in attempt to optimize sales and profitability within our risk profile. During the quarter, we believe consumers responded favorably to our finance offers, providing both incremental sales and higher CAF originations. We experienced continued strong access to financing for our customers. And as we've seen throughout the year, third-party subprime remains a higher percentage of our sales, 14% versus 9% in last year's third quarter. Now I'll turn it back to Tom.
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you. Our improved sales rate also drove SG&A expense leverage during the quarter even as we continue to ramp up our infrastructure growth -- our infrastructure per store growth. SG&A expenses per retail unit decreased by $43 a car. We remain pleased with our new store performance. During the third quarter, we opened 3 new superstores: One in Des Moines, Iowa; one in Denver, Colorado; and our 10th store in Los Angeles. Last week, we opened our second store in the Denver market, and we plan to open one more store during the fourth quarter, a second location in Jacksonville, Florida. In today's press release, we included 4 planned openings in the third quarter of our next fiscal year: One in our existing Washington D.C. market; and 3 in new markets for CarMax, Jackson, Tennessee, which will be our second small-market store; and 2 in St. Louis, Missouri. Also during the quarter, we launched our CarMax app available now on the iPhone. It already represents about 5% of the traffic to our website. Overall, web visits continue to increase, averaging now approximately 9 million per month, and this represents about a 16% increase year-over-year. And with that, we'll open it up for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a few questions. First, can you talk about the improved inventory selection that you mentioned? Is that depth within certain models or is it more availability at certain age brackets?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, it's really representative of what we're selling at this time. But as I said, about 2/3 of the inventory increase is explained through just 12% comps. And as you know, we move our inventory along with sales, 10 new stores, which was about 1/4 of the increase, and the remaining 1/3 was, we always build inventory in the fall. Last year, we didn't, we moderated it some, so it created a kind of a bigger spike this year because we didn't build as aggressively as we normally do.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, I'm wondering if any of the changes in your store, the future, your next generation store format, have been working their way into the rest of the store base. Is there anything in that new store that you're planning on exporting to the base?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. It's still pretty early and there's a lot of the technology -- some of the changes in technology, with the display screens and how we present some of the consumer offer that we think we'll be able to push back into the existing stores pretty quickly. We have some process stuff that really doesn't require any capital, just some basic things like unlock in all of our cars, allowing our customers to test drive without a sales consultant, just some things we hadn't done in the past. We have yet to roll those out into existing stores because we want to be pretty certain what's working and what's not working. We do plan on going back in and remodeling 5 or so existing stores over the next 12 months to really see if we get a spike and get a read on kind of the whole package. But to date, we have our Chattanooga store open, Des Moines and 2 stores in Denver that are kind of our full next-generation package. But we're still learning which components are advantageous and which ones we can roll back into the stores pretty quickly. But there isn't any one thing that's jumping out right now.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And on the remodel, how big of a capital expense per store are you anticipating?
Thomas J. Folliard: We're still working on that. We tried to select some stores that had some capital coming anyway, like some -- they were up for some refreshing to begin with, so we think it'll be pretty manageable, but we don't have a number yet.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then lastly, on the change in finance -- on the change in the finance environment, you mentioned that -- some changes at CAF, is that -- are the APRs coming down and is that due to higher 3-day payoffs or more sort of competitive rates from other folks in the industry?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. Matt, we talk about that we're constantly testing to see if changes in APR and in our offer will move the needle for customers, and we do that on an ongoing basis. And we've been testing in the past 2 years in this low interest rate environment. But I think what we saw in Q2 -- starting in Q2, is that customers have become more responsive to changes in interest rates and more receptive to it, which means we get better attach, fewer payoffs and more sales, so that's a good package for CarMax. And you can see in our APR for the quarter, which we started providing now in the earnings release instead of the Q so you have a couple weeks head start with it, that we're down at 7.7% for the originations during the quarter versus 8.1% in Q2 and 8.7% a year ago. So we have dropped rates, but all in all, it's -- we think -- believe it's positive for CarMax. And it's really -- that's our barometer for testing the competitive environment is whether customers are receptive to those changes and we found that we believe they have been recently.
Thomas J. Folliard: But that's about as low a total APR as we've had, Matt, in a long time.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It sounds like it's more offense than defense, that decision.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I think it's a proactive and responsive way of looking at the world and that's how -- we've just seen customers actually move this time. So the point of reference, our best credit customers during Q3 were offered a rate of 2.45%, which is pretty low and pretty competitive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Crédit Suisse.
Gary Balter - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: It's Gary Balter for Simeon. You talked about 3 things and 2 of them were just discussed, the CAF, the inventory selection and strong execution at the stores as being behind the comp. Can you go -- are there any changes in the way you're talking -- your employees are approaching customers or anything along those lines that we should be thinking about?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, not really, Gary. That's pretty much -- we believe it's those factors that we referenced, but we -- there's no substantial change in the way we're talking to customers at all. We're always training and trying to get better and better at how we greet, handle customers, take them through objections, so -- but that's more of a marathon than it is a sprint. So if we're making some progress there, it's steady, slow progress over time.
Gary Balter - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I think where there was a surprise in the quarter or in the trend has been the fact that the common perception has been that inventory is going to stay tight until we start seeing more stuff coming off leases, yet you're showing really strong inventory and really strong sales. What are your thoughts on the availability of cars as we go into next year and the following year?
Thomas J. Folliard: We've never felt like the lease issue had anything to do with our inventory levels. Our inventory levels were always a function of where we expected sales to come out and kind of how we felt about the next several weeks. As I mentioned, part of the unique comparison this year than last year, when we normally build inventory in the fall -- and there's a few reasons we build inventory in the fall. We have a really -- we usually have a pretty good sales week between Christmas and New Year's. We head into tax season in January and February, which you can see in our seasonality, there's always a pickup in sales there. There's also -- less of the auctions are opened on a more consistent basis, so if you want to build your inventory, you kind of have to do it in a bit of a spike during the fall season. If you think over the next couple of weeks, with Christmas and New Year's falling on a Tuesday, that's when, for example, Florida Auto Auction runs, that's one of the biggest auctions in the country, so they'll be closed for 2 weeks. And that's just something that we normally do. Last year, we had a negative comp quarter in the second quarter and we weren't as optimistic, so we just did not build inventory like we normally would. And this year, we're kind of back to where we were before in addition to moving inventory along with sales and having 10 new stores in the pipeline. So it's not something really -- it looks really big because it's 30% up year-over-year, but 2/3 of it is explained by improved sales and new stores in the pipeline.
Gary Balter - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. And then last, when are you coming to New Jersey?
Thomas J. Folliard: We'll probably get to New Jersey as part of our Philadelphia market first. We're looking at Philadelphia now, but we're probably still a couple of years away. We do have a site in King of Prussia in New Jersey. The advertising market for Philadelphia, I think, would include parts of New Jersey like Cherry Hill, as well as Newark, Delaware. So Philly is a big market for us. It's complicated, it'll be multiple stores, but it's a place that we're excited to go to, and then you can buy a car from us.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to follow up, I know the 2 previous questions touched on finance too. But as you talk about the lower rates and more -- maybe more aggressive financing, is this something that you're beginning to advertise more aggressively to your customers or is it just something that comes up in your -- in the finance discussions to essentially aid conversion?
Thomas W. Reedy: It's the latter, Brian. We historically have not promoted finance in our marketing. We want to provide the customer the competitive and best offer that we can get at the point-of-sale and that's where they're seeing it.
Thomas J. Folliard: We have, on occasion, done some stuff on the website, advertising a particularly attractive rate, but remember -- Tom referenced the 2.45% rate, remember, that's only available to the very top tier of customers. So oftentimes, if you advertise too much of a low rate, your -- most customers don't qualify for that. So although we've done that some in the past that has very -- nothing to do with what we've seen this quarter.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just regarding the sales trends, you mentioned it's -- the uptick in comps is largely a function of better conversion, but how would you characterize -- clearly, we had a shift here in Q3 from what we'd seen the prior 2 quarters and further back than that. The overall activity of your customers, something I know we watch a lot is -- you're starting to see that, I guess you'd call it maybe that aspirational customer come back to the store whether -- it's maybe not as much of a need purchase, but they're buying that car they kind of want, maybe kind of a fun car. Are you seeing the beginnings of a shift like that or is it basically just the same customer coming to your store now converting more?
Thomas J. Folliard: That part is really hard to judge, Brian, whether or not people are going back to buying, I guess, an extra car or a fun car. Our history with that is that usually doesn't happen in the fall anyway. And we had a negative 3% comp last year's third quarter, so this was our easiest comparison of the year. But I think consumer sentiment has come back some but -- and the customers that are coming to the store now seem a little bit more engaged maybe than they had been before, as has shown up in our conversion. And like I said, I think it's from a number of different reasons, and the credit availability and attractiveness of rate is no small part of the picture. I think it's people get involved, they get involved in considering to buy car and then they find out how cheap their payment's going to be, and they're probably a little bit more likely to buy a car, so. But it's really hard to tell if behavior is shifting back to what we saw pre-recession. I'd say not yet.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And the final question, just you've been opening a number of new stores, just any comments on the performance of those units as you're opening them?
Thomas J. Folliard: Just as a group, we're very pleased with the performance of all of our new stores. And it's a pretty diverse set. There's some in brand new markets. We have a couple of our -- what we've called our next-generation format, we have some satellites going back into existing markets, so -- but we've only been back to growth here for whatever it is, about 2 years. And we've really -- since the recession, we opened those 3 stores that were already built. We opened 5 during the year last year and 10 this year, so there's not a lot of time really to read them, but as a group, we're very pleased.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: My first question relates to traffic. Just want to make sure I understand the relationship, if any, between appraisal traffic, which sounds like it was quite strong and drove the wholesale number, and traffic for used car sales, which sounds like it wasn't a big part of the comp generation. So has there ever been a consistency, any type of relationship between those 2 factors to the extent where this divergence would be unusual?
Thomas J. Folliard: I'm not sure how unusual it is, but in general, we would think that as traffic grows, appraisal traffic grows, it's probably a bit unusual in this quarter that our traffic was relatively flat in aggregate, but our -- those -- of those customers who came to the store, about 10% more decided to get their car appraised. And since we bought at the same rate, that delivers the wholesale increase. So yes, it might be a little bit unusual, but I would still think that over time, we would see those numbers move directionally pretty similar.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And any relationship, do you think perhaps between that development and conversion to the extent that maybe the link just didn't shown up in used car traffic but more people who were there, were kind of already transacting with you in one way or the other?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, probably. Some of the people who -- obviously, some people who sell us the car also buy a car from us. So I mentioned the factors that we thought were improved conversion. And clearly, some of those customers had to get out of whatever it was that they were driving, so that probably had something to do with it as well.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. A second question relates to subprime. So obviously, over the past 4 quarters including this quarter, albeit to a somewhat lesser degree in this quarter, subprime has been ramping as a percent of the business. So there's obviously some cost to you for that. So you're about to cycle the first quarter where subprime begin to pop, that was the Feb 2012 quarter. What do you anticipate happening to the subprime mix of the business based on your positioning within CAF, based on your thought process on the cost of doing this business as we cycle that development?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, Matt. I don't think we can predict exactly what's going to happen as we cycle. And in fact, the subprime actually started elevating last fall and then we saw another pickup in kind of the wintertime Q4, Q1 period. But because we did see an increase in subprime over the course of Q4 last year, we expect that the subprime mix will likely be a bit higher this year than last year because we are rolling over a period of transition. But I wouldn't expect the same kind of proportional increase you've seen in other quarters this year.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: One or 2 more very quick ones. So obviously, the supply of late-model used vehicles has been a pretty big theme surrounding your stock and most likely, surrounding your outlook legitimately. It sounds, Tom, from what you said, like the mix of business didn't change a whole lot from recent quarters and whatever changes we saw on supply, and I know those come slow, probably didn't really move the needle here. Any updated thinking on this starting to have an impact for you going forward?
Thomas J. Folliard: So we've been talking about the supply issue, we've been talking about the spark coming back, which would help us from a supply standpoint. But it really -- our ability to predict when that'll happen, there are so many other factors there with consumer behavior and lots of other -- how quickly people turn out of their car, cars per household. We think it's coming. It's hard to really say whether or not it happened this quarter. We did see a mix shift within our mix, within the 1- to 4-year old cars, where this quarter, we had a bigger percentage of our sales were 1- to 2-year-old cars, so you could see it coming back a little bit. That was offset by a decrease in 3- to 4-year-old cars, but if you look at the mix of break it into 2 groups, 1 to 4 and 5 to 10, it was pretty similar to what it has been. So embedded in there is some movement towards 1- and 2-year-old cars, but in aggregate, we haven't seen it very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First question, I mean, is there anything that you're seeing in the market or with this new store opening experience, which sounds like it's going very well, which would lead you to accelerate your new store openings? I mean I know you're targeting this 10 to 15. But it sounds like the market's coming back, you're doing really well. Could this ever go up to a 15 to 20 rate?
Thomas J. Folliard: We've announced the next 3 years, we're very comfortable with that number. We said all along that we think we need a balance between opening up new stores and continuing to improve our existing business model. I think I'm very proud of the way our teams have reacted and the progress that we've made in both of those areas. I think the build that we've announced for stores: 3, 2 years ago; 5, last year; 10, this year; 10 to 15 in the next 3 years. We think that 10 to 15 gives us a range of acceleration to push it up if need be. Really, the next year for us is a largely baked because those stores are already under construction. It takes about a year to build one of these, so we're pretty happy with what we've -- what our plans are over the next few years. We don't want to get too overly excited over any short-term trends nor do we want to move in the other direction if something were to go south a little bit.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, got you. Then if we think about used vehicle pricing, meaning over time, if supply comes back, there'll probably be a little bit of natural pressure on pricing. I'm just curious, as we see that, your sales will pick up, but would your gross profit come under any pressure there? Do you think you can still hold this $2,100 to $2,200 gross profit? Is there a reason to think that might fade?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we've operated in depreciating environments before and been able to manage our margins pretty good, but it's really hard to say. There's just too many other factors. I mean, I would take lower margins for much higher sales, so it really just depends what's going on in the overall market place, including wholesale, including finance and including demand and supply. There's just too many factors there to really say I'm 100% sure we can keep our margins within such a tight window.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly on the wholesale gross profit per unit at $923, that's been pretty strong for the last few years. I mean, as we think about that going forward and it's same phenomena that supply comes back in, should we think about that at least having a base for at $400 to $500 the buy-sell fee at an auction, that would be sort of the worst case scenario you get on a wholesale gross profit per unit? It just seems like that should be at least a bare minimum floor and everything above that is your execution. Is that a fair way to think about that?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, as we're -- you've seen how finely we've managed it. So without giving any guidance, I don't expect our wholesale margins to go down to $400. So I mean, I think we're able to manage it pretty well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Tom, you outlined a couple of items that helped the conversion rates in the quarter. And I know it may not be a scientific exercise, but any way to tell kind of the size of the impact of those different factors, or at least put them in some sort of ranking or order?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. Not really, I wish there was. But even with the financing piece, which we know we're giving better offers, we know what's going on in the subprime world as it relates to our customers. Every time somebody gets an approval, we still have to execute in the store, we still have to overcome objections. Oftentimes, we have to convince customers to put more money down. Oftentimes, we're making them an offer on their car that's less than what they owe at the bank, so I just -- I couldn't be more proud of our store teams and our execution and our ability to manage customers effectively. So it's really hard to say. I mean, if you just changed a rate, it's not necessarily going to sell you more cars if you don't actually execute that in the stores and provide great customer service. So it's just -- it's really hard to say, almost impossible for us, really. It's a combination of all of those factors and they work well in the quarter and we're really pleased with the results.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You had mentioned the better store execution. Was there any extra training or kind of change in terms of how you approach the customers? Or I know you guys have a checklist in terms of trying to knock down customer objections, et cetera, was there any kind of change on that front?
Thomas J. Folliard: No. As I said earlier, I think this is a -- it's -- I said it's more of a marathon than it is a sprint. I think we're providing lots of great training in the stores, but it's a very long, slow, continuous improvement type environment, not we're going to come up with some new thing that's going to change our fortunes overnight, we don't expect that at all.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then I mean you guys have stores kind of entering your comp base now. And given that the level of new store productivity that you're seeing, any feel for the kind of the level of comps that you're seeing from the first stores entering the comp base, the younger stores entering the comp base?
Thomas J. Folliard: It probably wasn't much in the quarter just from straight math. We have 10 stores we opened this year, none of those are in the comp base. We only opened the 3 2 years ago and then the 5 last year, so when you look at 116 or 117 store total and then the fact that the stores opened up in terms of a volume compared to one of our bigger stores pretty low, I'd say it had very little impact. Although I haven't actually gone and done it, I just -- it couldn't have had much of an impact on comps.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Clint Fendley with Davenport.
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I'm curious if you have any thoughts on customer recognition of the brand and how that might be changing? I know when I look at the new markets or cities that you plan to enter within the next year, most of them are in states such as the Virginia, Georgia, Tennessee, where you have been for a long time. I'm wondering, should that help you gain share there in an accelerated way?
Thomas J. Folliard: I think in general, our brand has gotten stronger since we started, so I think that has some truth in any new market we go to, particularly since we've been doing a portion of our TV ads have been national advertising over the last couple of years. It's about 40% of our TV spend is now national. So even a place like Denver, where we didn't have a presence, has been seeing some CarMax ads over the last couple of years. But clearly, in a market that we have a more established base of stores and established base of customers that we've been selling to, we would have a stronger brand awareness for sure, but that's not a factor in us selecting where we're going next. We're basically trying to go everywhere that we're not.
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I wonder if you could discuss your strategy with the small-market stores? Why now given the large growth opportunity that is still in front of you in some of the larger markets?
Thomas J. Folliard: We think that is part of our growth opportunity and it represents somewhere between 80 and 100 markets in the U.S. that currently would -- they would not be in the growth plan, if not for figuring out how to do a small format store. I think we can do both. I think we can go after the markets that are more traditional or even bigger metro markets, and at the same time, on a limited basis, go after some of these small markets, figure it out, see if it works, and if it does, we can build them into the pipeline going forward. So when you look at what it represents of our total growth, it's a very small percentage of it. Next year, we'll open up Harrisonburg, Virginia and Jackson, Tennessee as 2 small format stores, but we got to get a couple of them opened and read the results for a while before we determine how aggressively we want to go after that opportunity.
Operator: Next question comes from line of Rod Lache from Deutsche Bank.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Dan Galves for Rod. Just a couple follow-ups on CAF. The latest ABS issuance that you did loans through September was done at an 8.6% customer rate. Is the 7.7% origination rate on loans during this quarter, is that -- are those 2 numbers comparable?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, it's the same calculation. But if you look back sequentially, in Q2, you saw that, that number was 8.1%. But if you -- and if you look at a deal, it's a combination of loans we've originated probably over the last 6 months plus things that have rolled off of other deals. So there's -- each deal can be very pretty -- not significantly, but there can be some variance in APR on deals depending what's in there.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, got you. I just wanted to clarify that. And then on the loan loss provision, I mean, the provisioning on the quarter looks like it was maybe 1.3% and the allowance is 1.0%. Realize that the allowance is a reflection of all the loans in the pool and your expectations. But as the loans that were originated kind of during the crisis with higher average FICOs, as those become a smaller piece of the overall pool, do you think that the loan loss allowance migrates higher than the 1.0% you're at right now?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. I think if you think about how -- the life cycle of our portfolio, as we're adding -- if we change the mix of the portfolio, it takes a couple of years for the portfolio to normalize to kind of equate to that steady-state mix, and we're still seeing that happen here with regard to taking back the lower end of the credit spectrum that we've been doing over the last 18-or-so months. So I think as the portfolio continues to normalize to what we're originating today, we would expect to see that number move up, but it also depends on what's going on with loss experience, which has been positive in the last several quarters. It's hard to predict exactly where it'll go, but I would -- we would expect that it's going to trend upward. Now at the same time, you got to remember, we're charging up more for those loans because they're higher risk and it's a good business proposition for CarMax. At the end of the day, it's a profitable endeavor for us and that's why we're doing it, so you've got to remember, we're getting paid more too on this.
Chad Potter - Gradient Analytics, Inc.: Absolutely. And just one additional question. In terms of your competition from new car -- the used car lots from new car dealers, if you could just talk about, a lot of new car dealers have been talking about getting a bit more aggressive on what they'll retail versus what they'll wholesale. In addition, you're probably selling more 1- to 2-year-old vehicles now. Has there been any change in the competitive dynamic that you're seeing from the new car stores?
Thomas J. Folliard: There's been a lot of talk about that for the last couple of years, so the shifting that we've seen, I think we've already seen. So it's not like there was something unique in the quarter with the way everybody else behaved. And as it relates to us, we are selling older mix of -- an older mix of cars than we did pre-recession, but we never lowered our quality standards. So we've seen pretty significant growth in our wholesale business and that's the type of stuff that people are saying that they're retailing. We've chosen not to do that, but we've seen growth in that area of our business pretty substantially over the last couple years, as you've seen.
Operator: Next question comes from line of James Albertine with Stifel, Nicolaus.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On the 1- to 2-year-old vehicle comment, I just wanted to clarify sort of how you typically source those vehicles or have been sourcing them during the third quarter. And then – well, I guess I'll let you answer that question, and I have a follow-up to that.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, those cars are going to be bought the same way we buy everything, either a combination of buying cars directly from the consumer and buying cars in the open marketplace, whether it's at auction or elsewhere, so it's a combination of those 2.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And have you ever detailed sort of the gross margin implications, the difference between when you buy at auction versus when you buy directly from a consumer?
Thomas J. Folliard: We have not, other than to say that our -- what we buy from consumers is more profitable than what we buy offsite. Remember, there's some costs involved with buying offsite, shipping and things of that nature, so it's always been a more profitable source to buy internally, but we've been able to manage the mix pretty effectively to a margin target.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then lastly, just on your comp leverage point, I think I probably share with sort of my peer view that the leverage was impressive, considering not only the 12% comp, but that you're investing in your new growth strategy. So I guess if there's a way to sort of peel back the investments that you're making. Has there been a shift perhaps to a slightly lower comp leverage point as you see it?
Thomas J. Folliard: No. I mean, it's -- again, it's one of those things that's -- it's not really -- I don't think that it should be measured on what happened this quarter and therefore, that means this forever because there's a lot of timing stuff in there as well, but we've always said mid to high single digits plus that even in a growth environment we thought we could leverage SG&A. We had a 12% comp, we leveraged SG&A, we're building infrastructure for growth at a higher rate than we were the year before, so we're pretty pleased with the results ourselves, but I'm not sure that it's -- that you should read into it any more than that.
Operator: Next question comes from line of Joseph Edelstein with Stephens Inc.
Joe Edelstein - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the leverage question that was just asked. And given that you will be up against a more difficult subprime mix, starting really fourth quarter here, I mean, do you think that you'll be able to leverage in the fourth quarter?
Thomas J. Folliard: Again, like I said, it's hard to tell. If I knew what comps were going to be, I'd have a better idea. And there's no doubt, I think if you're asking that an increase in Tier 3 or subprime percentage is less beneficial, you're right. So it's a little tougher to leverage when you have a higher percent mix, but we did it this quarter, so we'll have to see how the quarter comes out.
Joe Edelstein - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Sure. And just kind of tied into -- we're all trying to get a handle on where the comps will go, but earlier, you mentioned that there was improved consumer sentiment, and part of that helped you this quarter. But I'm just trying to get a sense for how you think consumers will react under any sort of fiscal cliff, those headlines have been getting louder.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. If you knew, it would be really helpful for us if you could tell us, but it's really hard to say. When you look at all the things that are in the fiscal cliff and you have to jump to a conclusion that therefore consumers are going to behave in a certain way. What I feel really good about is our ability to react, move our business, move our inventory accordingly and operate in lots of different economic environments. So I feel super confident in our teams' ability to respond to whatever happens with the consumer. It feels a little better this quarter. I think that's part of why conversion was up. It's not – this is just what I believe, it's not -- I can't go give you a statistic that says consumer sentiment added x amount to our sales, but it's just impossible to tell what will happen at the end of the year.
Joe Edelstein - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as you try to then manage the inventory levels, et cetera, can you just tell us what your expectations are for used vehicle margins as we look out really kind of through the rest of this year just because there has been increased supply as a result of Hurricane Sandy, but then just also looking out a little further into next year where you think margins could go?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we don't give any guidance on margin or sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
William Armstrong: Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of pricing trends for used cars in your wholesale sources or from consumers?
Thomas J. Folliard: I think -- I don't have the Manheim trends in front of me, but there's been some depreciation during the last few months in the fall, which is pretty normal for -- actually, I'm not sure what normal is anymore but it used to be normal several years ago. We went through a couple years of unusual appreciation for a long time, but I think we've seen some movement -- some depreciation in the last few months that is just a little more normal than the fall, so I mean, nothing shocking.
William Armstrong: So we haven't gotten to a point yet where you're starting to see that spread between retail prices of a new car and a comparable 1- or 2-year-old car starting to widen again is what it sounds like.
Thomas J. Folliard: I think what's lost in that whole conversation of new car appreciation over the last couple of years -- I mean, I'm sorry, used car appreciation over the last couple of years, is that new car prices have gone up equal or more. The average price of a new car is over $30,000. So the spread, if you just look at our average sale price and the average of a new car, the spread really never tightened up very much. Now on an individual car basis, there's always examples, there's been examples the whole time we've been in business, where on a specific make or model depending on how hot it is and depending how much pressure the manufacturer's putting on pricing that, that window could get kind of tight and consumers might decide to buy a new car over a used car on a specific make-model basis. But in general, we think the spread is attractive enough that we're providing great value to our customers.
William Armstrong: Okay. Moving on to CAF, your penetration rate is over 40%. Where is that compared with historical levels, if you could remind us? And do you see it going higher?
Thomas W. Reedy: I'd say historical levels, it's going to depend on the quarter. But I think in -- low-40s is not an abnormal number for CAF. We said high 30s to low 40s. And it all depends on what's going on with the customer flow through the door and how they're receptive to our offers. It's very hard to comment on where it's going to go.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's not a number we're uncomfortable with.
Thomas W. Reedy: Right.
William Armstrong: Okay. And maybe just looking at the last cyclical peak, I would assume prior to the credit crisis, where -- I don't know if you have those numbers handy or not.
Thomas W. Reedy: We can get back to you after the call, but you've got to remember, we also had other partners lending in the same spaces as back as that time period, so it's not really an apples-to-apples comparison.
William Armstrong: Right, right, I remember that. And then just one sort of technical point of clarification, we're in December of '12, when we're talking about your sales of cars that are 5 years or older, are we talking about '08 model years and earlier at this point?
Thomas J. Folliard: What are we in, '12?
William Armstrong: We're in December of '12, but we've got...
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, '08 would be 5 years and older.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Wanted to go back first to the -- accelerating the store opening question, up or down, I should say. Specifically, is there any kind of -- on the macro side, is there kind of any factors such as SAR or unemployment, consumer confidence that would make you change those plans?
Thomas J. Folliard: No. Only if those things impacted our sales.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the buyback, was the rationale for doing a buyback over a dividend just that buyback can be done at the board's discretion rather than a fixed cash outlay of a dividend?
Thomas J. Folliard: Want to get that one, Tom?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. I think we -- the way we looked at it is we're still a growth company. A dividend is more of a longer-term commitment. We're committed to looking at returning value to our shareholders in any method that is appropriate and makes sense and the repurchase just seemed, given our current situation, was a more appropriate vehicle. I really can't comment much beyond that but...
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Would you say then a dividend is something you wouldn't do until your store expansion is completed across the U.S.?
Thomas W. Reedy: I think we'll cross those kind of bridges when the time's appropriate. We look at our capital structure. We look at how the business is doing and what we're returning on an ongoing basis. And I think what we can say is we'll, like I said, we'll use the tools that are available, and we'll do what we think is most appropriate for our shareholders at that time. At this point, we don't have anything new to report. We're buying back programmatically right now.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First of all, we were delighted to see you launch the mobile app. And I'm curious, you've talked about it being 5% of traffic. Are you seeing higher levels of conversion and can you tell if people are using it in the stores as a supplement to your systems and to your people?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's way too early to tell on that. The other part is we had it available with Android as well and we had a few issues with it, so we had to take it down this week. We expect it to be back up quickly, but until we have both the iPhone and the Android app up and running and get some more time to read it, it's almost -- what we can tell is what percentage of hits it represents, so that's the number we gave you.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And second final question, I know you're in the process of making a change in terms of EVP of Marketing, and I'm interested in whether you're taking a fresh look at all at the company's marketing strategy and what direction we might anticipate for you going forward.
Thomas J. Folliard: Matt, we're really proud of everything we've done here. I think we've done some phenomenal things in marketing. We've built a terrific brand over time. I think our marketing team has done an outstanding job in pretty much every area. We are looking forward and looking at staying ahead of the consumer and some of the things that are going on in mobile and digital. We had a terrific guy who you know, Joe, who was in -- who had multiple responsibilities here, and we really want to have a Chief Marketing Officer specifically dedicated to that one area alone. But I'm really proud of the stuff that we've accomplished so far. And as we look at growth over the next 5 to 10 years and we look at adding between 30 and 45 stores and continue to have our existing stores' growth, I'm just really excited about the opportunities we have to continue to build our brand.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I would like to pass the call back to the speakers for closing remarks.
Thomas J. Folliard: All right. Thank you very much. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. Happy holidays. Thank you, everyone, for your support. And especially, I want to thank all of our associates for all you do every day. And we'll see you after the 1st of the year. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And this concludes today's presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-09-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Joshua Dolin - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Whitney, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Katharine Kenny. Please go ahead.
Katharine W. Kenny: Thank you, and good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2013 second quarter earnings conference call. On the call today with me, as usual, are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2012, filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me also remind you that we are holding 2 of our regular analyst days in our home office here in Richmond on October 2 and October 30. If you're interested in attending, please let us know. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine, and good morning, everyone. Well we were pleased to report used unit comps for the second quarter of 5% compared to last year and total growth in used units of 8%. Traffic was somewhat lower than last year, but conversion increased due to the continuation of better credit offers and strong execution by our store sales teams. Total used vehicle gross profit grew with total sales by 8%. Used vehicle gross profit per unit of $2,172 remained virtually unchanged compared to last year's second quarter. Appraisal traffic was up again this quarter, but wholesale unit sales decreased by 2% due to a drop in the buy rate compared to last year. Remember, the buy rate for this quarter was approximately 28%. And as we've discussed before, the buy rate is correlated to changes in overall wholesale pricing, which affect the offers we can make to consumers, and we recently have seen some moderating wholesale vehicle valuations. Total wholesale gross profit fell as a result of lower unit sales and a slightly lower per-unit gross profit of $907. As far as CAF, CAF quarterly income grew by 19% -- Tom will talk more about that in a second -- to $76 million, largely as a result of a 14% increase in total managed receivables. I'll talk a bit about supply and mix of sales. We do believe the decrease in the supply of used vehicles since 2008 has adversely impacted our sales over the last couple of years. Assuming current SAAR trends continue, we expect to see an improving supply situation, particularly in 0- to 4-year-old cars where we have historically had higher share. We believe that as supply rebounds, it will positively impact our business over the next year or 2. For mix, during the quarter, sales of 5-year and older vehicles as a percentage of our total sales remained well above 25%. Year-over-year, sales of SUVs and trucks fell by about 2 points -- 2 percentage points this quarter and was offset by a similar increase in the percentage of compact and midsized vehicles sold. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Reedy to talk about financing. Tom?
Thomas W. Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. You saw in the press release, CarMax Auto Finance continued to deliver strong results. CAF income grew $12 million or 19% compared to the second quarter fiscal 2012. This modestly outpaced the growth in our portfolio of average managed receivables, which increased 14% to more than $5.2 billion. Our interest margin after the provision for loan losses was up 16% due to that receivables growth plus the combination of the transition back to our pre-recession origination strategy, continued low funding costs and favorable loss performance. We also realized a year-over-year reduction in expenses arising from operating efficiencies. The growth in managed receivables was largely driven by strong origination volumes over the course of fiscal 2012 and into early fiscal 2013, which were lifted by the expansion in CAF penetration over that period, increased average selling prices and CarMax sales growth. For the quarter, net penetration was 37%, down modestly compared to the second quarter of FY '12, and net loans originated in the quarter increased 7% year-over-year. The allowance for loan losses grew by $13 million or 37% to $49.5 million. This increase reflects the shift in our portfolio back to a pre-recession origination strategy, as well as the growth in average managed receivables. Despite the change in credit risk, the allowance only increased 0.1% to 0.9% of average managed receivables, so our receivable loss performance remained very strong. Regarding access to financing for our customers, it remains at historically high levels, with more than 85% of applications continuing to receive at least 1 approval from us or one of our partners. Third-party subprime providers accounted for about 14% of sales in the second quarter. This is a continuation of the trend we have seen throughout the year. During the quarter, we also renewed the $800 million warehouse facility that expired in August. As you know, we maintain $1.6 billion of capacity, and the other $800 million facility expires in February of 2013. We continue to see a strong ABS market for bonds backed by auto receivables, and we feel good about the availability of funding in the current environment. Now I'll turn it back to Tom.
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you. I'll comment on SG&A and growth, and then we'll open it up for questions. We continued to ramp our infrastructure for growth during the second quarter. Given our store openings, our level of used unit comps and the speed of our ramp-up, the level of SG&A spending we've reported in the first half of this year is about where we expected to be. We remain pleased with the performance of our new stores. During the second quarter, we opened 3 new superstores, and we plan to open 5 more during the second half of fiscal '13, including 3 in our third quarter: one in Des Moines, Iowa, which is a new market for us; one in Oxnard, California, which is our 10th store in the Los Angeles market; and the first of 2 stores we will open this year in our new Denver market. Our Des Moines and Denver stores will be the next 2 of what we refer to as our next-generation model, the first of which we opened in February in Chattanooga. You will also note that in today's press release, we included 3 planned openings in existing markets for the second quarter of our next fiscal year in Houston, Sacramento and Frederick, Maryland. With that, I'd like to open it up for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick items, hopefully. As your -- I guess, as the age mix has gotten a little bit older, Tom, are there certain vehicles that you're now retailing that maybe you would have wholesaled in the past?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's a little bit of a tricky question because the answer is yes, but not because we've changed our quality standards. So we are retailing an older mix. We've been talking about that for the -- I think the last 3 quarters or so where our mix of 5- to 10-year-old cars has gone up pretty significantly. But we have not lowered our quality standards at all. However, there are some cars that we would have wholesaled maybe because they needed a little bit more time or a little extra reconditioning to get them up to our standard that we are now shift -- that we have shifted over the last year to retail, and we've done quite well with that segment. So it is pulling a little bit away from wholesale volumes.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Any way to kind of size that impact?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, not really. I mean, I probably could, but I'm not -- I don't have the numbers right here.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then also, just in terms of the SG&A growth, I mean, I think you guys have done a good job prepping everybody for the rising SG&A as you kind of support the new store infrastructure. Can you give us an idea of how much of the SG&A growth might have been tied directly to the new store build and the pipeline that you're kind of building for future openings?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, first, let me talk about the -- SG&A sequentially from first to second quarter was pretty flat. And when you look at it year-over-year, there's a bigger increase in the second quarter compared to last year than there was in the first. But that was probably more due -- that was more due to kind of an unusually low SG&A for a couple of items last year second quarter. So sequentially, it was pretty flat. If you think about SG&A on a cost-per-store basis, it's roughly $1 million to $1.5 million or maybe a little more per new store opened, so that's part of that ramp-up. When you see us getting ready to open more stores in this year than we did last and more in last year than we did the year before, that ramp-up includes approximately about $1 million to $1.5 million per store.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just one quick follow-up on this SG&A. I mean, Tom, as you look at the 10 stores that are opening this year and we look at them next year, I mean would you expect their SG&A sort of coverage or SG&A to gross to be sort of more normal? I mean, will they be fully ramped on an SG&A basis versus your gross profits next year?
Thomas J. Folliard: No. We've always talked about our ramp life of a store to be around 5 years. So it's not exactly linear, but it certainly does not get to, let's say, the chain average after 1 year. So there's no question that a new store for us in terms of SG&A efficiency on a per unit sold is significantly disadvantaged to the average of the chain. So as we roll more and more of these new stores into it, we do get the SG&A negative impact of new stores, but obviously, we believe it's the right decision long term. And these stores make a terrific return over time, but they have, I'd say, a bit of a slow ramp-up. We've always said it takes about a year before they get to breakeven, covering all of their opening costs. But in terms of if you really look at SG&A on a per-unit basis, it takes longer than that.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. Then a second question about the used vehicle market, just more in general and what you're seeing. I mean, if you look at it, a new vehicle to a used vehicle pricing and assume that you get 0% financing on a new vehicle and you're paying 8% to 9% to finance a used vehicle, I mean, the equation seems like it's getting to a point where you may see some traditional used car buyers that would come into your stores tripping into buying a new vehicle. I’m just curious if you're seeing that and how much pressure you think that's putting on volumes for you in general.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we see it, and we've -- but we've always seen it. So we always see it on -- there's always some segment of car where that's true, particularly if manufacturers, at any given point in time, are running really aggressive financing programs. But if you look broadly at the average, the average new car is now over $30,000 and has been for most of the year, a number I'm a bit surprised by, to be honest with you. And the spread between the average new car sold and the average used car sold really hasn't diminished hardly at all because new cars continue to rise as well. But there is no question that there are some models, particularly with the financing piece, where if we have a very late model, whatever that car is, and you compare it to a new and you get 0.9% financing, some customers are making the decision to buy a new car. But that's always been true for us. All the way back to when we started the business in 1993, it's always been true on some segment of cars, depending what's going on with the manufacturers, how aggressive they're being with incentives, how aggressive they're being with financing and then, again, on a specific set of make and models. But broadly across the board, the environment really hasn't shifted very much.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, for the other Tom, on CAF. I mean you talked to going back to pre-recession origination strategies here, and I'm assuming you're just meaning buying deeper into subprime, which I think you guys have been talking about. But then you talked about third-party subprime providers increasing their penetration from 7% last year to 14% of originations this year, so it sounds like third-party subprime providers are actually really what's growing in the subprime portion of your business. I'm just trying to understand. I mean, is CAF getting crowded out there in the subprime? Or what's going on?
Thomas W. Reedy: John, I wouldn't characterize CAF as doing any subprime. We historically approved a spectrum of credit that we got comfortable with throughout our history. During the recession, we dialed back on the lower end of that credit and, over the course of the last 2 years, have taken that back. So it's really -- CAF’s just getting back to the credit that it had historically originated. The subprime partners, over the last 1.5 years or so, have started taking up a bigger portion of sales, partly because we've seen lower credit coming through the door. And I think if you look industry-wide, we've seen some data from the credit bureaus that would indicate the percentage of auto sales getting financed today, a higher portion is subprime and a lower portion is superprime than a year ago or so. But the biggest part of it is that those partners of ours increased their appetite for approving CarMax customers and, more importantly, making them attractive offers. So the offers that our subprime partners are making today are more attractive to the customers than they were 1 year, 1.5 years ago. And we're getting more of the subprime customers taking them up on those offers.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. And John, the change in the subprime for us, the 7% to 14% year-over-year, it's kind of in line with what we've seen over the last several quarters. And as Tom mentioned, the vast majority of that is not because we're seeing a dramatically different credit profile coming through the door but because our subprime lenders over time have gotten more and more comfortable with the CarMax origination channel. And as Tom said, they're giving both -- they're approving some more customers, but they're also giving better quality approvals, for example, lower down payment to existing customers that were already coming in.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So if we look at this increase from 7% to 14%, I mean, that accounts for the large majority of the same-store sales growth is really this increase in subprime loans going through.
Thomas J. Folliard: It does in this quarter. And as we have always said, our goal at CarMax is to make sure that every customer that comes in the door has a good chance to buy a car because we provide them access to financing, and we're happy to be able to help these customers. We're happy that we have providers that have worked with us over the years and continue to get more comfortable, as I said, with the origination channel. So although these deals are not as profitable as a regular deal, we’re happy to do every one of them because we also believe that they're 100% incremental. Remember that a subprime customer at CarMax that gets approved through one of our partners, those partners don't even see that application until it's declined by all the other lenders. So at that moment, that customer, in our opinion, is about to leave the store, and they get this approval, and they're able to drive away with a high-quality car. And that's part of the reason why the -- a big reason why our partners have gotten more comfortable -- and they’ve told us this -- is because of the quality of car that we provide, and that just means that our customer is more likely to have their car operate longer, and they're more likely to pay longer.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just lastly, the follow-up, and I promise this is the last one. That really does mean that this backlog of trade-ins and churn that you'll see from the new vehicle SAAR picking up is still to come. It's still on the come and actually hasn't really benefited you just yet.
Thomas J. Folliard: Oh, and I think that has absolutely nothing to do with the subprime. That's just straight math of the availability of 0- to 4-year-old used cars. I mean, the SAAR went from an average of 16.8 over 8 years down to as low as -- in 1 month, it was in the 9s. So as it continues to grow, you -- it's not an exact science. You can't just look out and say the supply is going to pick up by this much and therefore our sales will benefit because customers' behavior has changed. We're not sure about turn-in rates going forward, but we're absolutely convinced that as the SAAR continues to grow and the supply of 1-, 2-, 3- and 4-year-old used cars grows, that we will absolutely benefit. It's the segment that we've always over-performed with. When you look at our total share that we've reported over time of somewhere between 5.5% and 6%, if you broke that out by model years, we've historically done better in the 0 to 4 segment. That segment is not there in the volume it used to be, but it's certainly going to be coming back.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: What levers do you have that you can pull on the wholesale business to improve results here and get that increase in the buy rates? I mean, do you have to adjust something, whether it be how much you're paying for these cars or how many cars you're getting on the wholesale side?
Thomas J. Folliard: We've always talked about wholesale being a balance between wholesale and retail. And if -- there's no question we could increase our buy rate and we could increase our volume, but our margin would go down. If we raise all of our offers by $500, I'm 100% sure we would buy a whole bunch more cars, but our margin would go down across the board by $500. So it's always a balancing act for us. 28% for the quarter is on a -- I think it's over the top of 30% last year. Although it's only 2 percentage points, I think it's around 6.5% change. 28% is still pretty high. We're pretty happy with 28%. We were down at 23% in the recession, so we still feel pretty pleased about it. We've talked about wholesale over the last few quarters being abnormally high. We've had massive increases in wholesale. Our wholesale business has doubled over 2 years. Believe it or not, we're pretty happy that our wholesale business is maintaining these really high volumes that we’ve achieved over the last couple of years. So being down a couple of points and being able to maintain our margin and have a really -- what we consider a very strong buy rate, we're still -- we still feel pretty good about our wholesale business.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. And are you seeing any impact at all from rental car companies aggressively de-fleeting over the summer in response to lower insurance business? Is that starting to make an impact on the market?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, we haven't seen that at all.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And finally, now that you have this very aggressive ramp of opening new stores, are there any levers that you can pull on the SG&A side to get these stores ramped up faster, either just doing things in bulk on the administrative side or something that maybe reduces that 5-year ramp rate to maybe 3 or 4 years?
Thomas J. Folliard: We're always trying to figure how to run our stores more efficiently, how to convert more customers that come through the door, how to lower our costs, how to lower our staffing. Those are the things that can shorten up the ramp rate. If sales pick up quicker, if we have a better environment, if the supply side of the business really drives extra comp sales, that would help with the ramp. But in general, even with that, we would still expect the store to grow out past its fifth year. And every year that a store grows, it continues to get better and better on an SG&A perspective. So there's not one button we could push that could take it from 5 down to 2 or 3. And it's really not 5. It's a lot longer than that because we've seen our stores grow past their fifth year. And even a 2% or 3% comp rate in the later years is a terrific leverage point on SG&A. And the last part is we are opening 10 stores this year and 10 to 15 next year, so we'll still see some ramp. But for the next 3 years, we've said 10 to 15 stores. So if we have a reasonably similar amount of openings year-over-year, you won't get that chunk of SG&A deleverage that we have by increasing the growth rate that -- like we have over the last 3 years.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. So just to clarify, you expect a store to get up to like a normal corporate level run rate by year 5, but it may still grow above that. Is that the right way to think about it?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. Well, historically, we've grown into the fifth year, and then we've seen growth past that. And we don't -- we just don't have that many stores that are more than 10 years old but -- and then we had the recession knockdown, so it's really difficult to judge. But our expectation is our stores can continue to grow, although slower. They grow pretty quick from 0 to 5, slower from 5 to 10 and even a little slower past 10. But our belief is that our stores will continue to have some modest growth past their 10th year of life.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I guess I'm just curious as to the improvement in sales trends is pretty nice this quarter. I guess you mentioned conversion. I mean, is there -- I mean, what do you think has really changed in the business this summer? And then if you could comment on new stores, how they're doing so far. I know it's early. But I think it'd be helpful to know if they're kind of adhering to the old plan that I think was the 10-year-ago white paper or if there's kind of a new paradigm.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, on the first question, I think our quarter -- our second quarter last year was negative 2 or negative 3. So we have seen an increase in conversion. There's no question that some of it is from the higher-quality offers of our subprime lenders, but I think our stores are doing a really nice job with the customer flow. And we continue to get benefits from training and development of our sales managers and our sales consultants, and we're very pleased with the results there. So all of our comp sales were from those 2 things. So we're pretty pleased with it for the quarter, as I said. In terms of the store and comparing it to the white paper, that's a difficult comparison because our profits on a per-car basis have changed so much since the white paper, and we have not updated it. So even if our stores were underperforming to model of sales, if they're performing at our current margin levels and you factor in the money we're making in CAF and wholesale, which wasn't in the original white paper, then from a financial standpoint, we could still deliver the returns that we expected at a lower sales level, which is one of the great things we've done, I believe, over the last couple of years of improving the CarMax business model is we can go into a lot of these markets with really high expectations, even if our sales expectations are lower. So when we've said that we're really pleased with our new store performance, we're going all the way back to when we restarted growth when we opened the 5 stores. And then -- I mean, I'm sorry, the 3 stores and then the 5 and then the 10 this year. When you put that group of stores together as a group, they're performing at or better than the rest of the chain.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then I mean, as you look at the longer term as carmax.com becomes more important as kind of the leader into the business, I mean, are the stores -- do you expect them to continue to get kind of modestly smaller over time? Or I mean, what does the store look like 5 years from now?
Thomas J. Folliard: We've done -- I think we've actually done a pretty good job of like taking square footage out of our stores and being able to squeeze more out of them. But they're going to be sized based on the market that they're going into. Our next-generation store in Chattanooga was a little bigger. We put some more screens, some more technology. We had a little different customer experience in there. We had some customer segmentation in there. The square footage piece is not that expensive. And if it pays off, we would gladly do that going forward. But I'd say that it's an ever-evolving model for us, and we're just going to try to figure out what's the most efficient way to get the most sales out of each box, each square footage and each piece of acreage, which is actually the bigger chunk, because I think another thing we've been able to do over time is we'll go to a market and be able to build a CarMax on 5 acres, when before it might have -- we might have needed 15 if I'm going back 12 or 14 years ago. And so our ability to get it -- it’s just equally as important for us to be able to get the A site, the best site in the best retail row. And we feel very good about the progress we've made there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Simeon Gutman with Crédit Suisse.
Unknown Analyst: It's Dan [ph] filling in for Simeon. I guess the first question, just wanted to kind of get your big picture thoughts on supply of late models. Obviously, mathematically, it looks like the population of nearly new maybe turning in the, say, like 1- to 2-year-old group. But if you look at the whole 1- to 6-year-old population, it doesn't seem like it's still there -- it's still not there yet. So I guess, separate from the math, which you already referenced, how does it feel in the marketplace? Is it any easier or about the same? Just kind of want to get your thinking there.
Thomas J. Folliard: Because it -- because the math actually matters and it takes time for it to flow into the system, you said it right. We have not seen a big movement in the supply just yet. But obviously, with the SAAR being in the 14.5 range now, if it stays and continues to grow, which we hope it does, then we'll see benefit in the next couple of years, 1 year or 2 years and especially 3 years out. But we just have to wait for that supply to come back. But if you're saying what does it feel like right now, if you look at what we've done over the last year is respond to what consumers have wanted, which is older cars. And as I mentioned in the opening, our mix of 5- to 10-year-old cars is north of 25%, up close to 30%. And that number doubled from a year prior to that. So that's where more of the supply is and that's where our customers have shown us that they want to buy more cars. Our hope is that as the supply comes back -- we've gotten better at that older segment. We've gotten better at reconditioning it. Our customers are more comfortable buying that car from us. As I said earlier, we have not lowered our quality at all. And we're hopeful that as the supply comes back, we'll be able to take advantage of the increased supply again in a segment that we've historically outperformed in and, at the same time, continue to maintain some of the momentum we've built in some of the older stuff.
Unknown Analyst: Right. And then hopefully just -- I guess kind of as a quick follow-up, just also want to get your thoughts on traffic. I think it was down last quarter. Obviously, in used cars, it's been, like you said, pretty good, which is generally good for you. So we were just hoping to see kind of like what's going on that changed that, maybe.
Thomas J. Folliard: I mentioned traffic was slightly down. The used car market is down. We buy Polk data. We look at Polk data constantly. We only have it through June. But through June, 0- to 6-year-old car market was down 8%; 0- to 10-year-old market was down by 1%. So there's that piece. Secondly, I think the economy is still pretty sluggish. With unemployment where it is and with consumer confidence where it is, I still think that, that's impacting our traffic. It's impacting the customers' willingness to go out and sign up for as long as a 6-year loan. So I still think we have that -- the kind of the economy hanging over our customer traffic.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Tom, you just mentioned the Polk data. Do you have that data for 7- to 10-year-old cars as well, just to clarify the impact on the older vehicles?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I've just said 0 to 6 was down 8%. This is through June, so this is actually -- it's missing 2 months of our quarter. And 0 to 10 was down 1%. So as I said, there's more supply still in that 5 to 10, 6 to 10, whatever. But the market and kind of our wheelhouse where our kind our sweet spot is, is still down pretty big.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's fair. And then discussion on the supply has been helpful. But could you talk about the Manheim index and used car prices in general and how a decline in that metric will affect both your retail business and your wholesale business? I'm not sure that everyone gets that.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, the decline in -- at wholesale, the Manheim index is an indication of depreciation over the course of the year. And it's nothing new for us to have to deal with the depreciating car environment. It's actually -- we did it for a long, long time before we had the unusual circumstance after the recession where we dealt with an appreciating environment for a couple of years. So -- but the impact is, since the market is going down and we make market offers to our customers, it's going to impact generally our appraisal buy rate. I think that one of the reasons we saw our buy rate go down a couple of points this quarter, particularly compared to last year, is we've seen some moderating of wholesale pricing through the summer, some depreciation. So that's the biggest impact it has in our wholesale business. On our retail business, a customer who's trying to sell us their car, if they sell us their car and they're trying to buy another car, then they're more likely to buy a car from us. So you can make the correlation that if we're -- our buy rate is down a little bit, then there are a few less customers in there who would have bought a car from us because we didn't give them the offer that they expected. But again, 28% is a pretty high buy rate for us.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, you bet. And then lastly, with Hurricane Isaac, did you lose any selling days in any stores due to the weather?
Thomas J. Folliard: We did. But like we've always said, it doesn't really matter over the -- by the end of the quarter. So -- and it was mostly in kind of south Florida and along -- we only have 1 store in Louisiana, Baton Rouge.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Joshua Dolin - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It's Josh on for Matt. Can you give us an idea of what's going on with your web traffic and how that's trending? I know, last quarter, it was up kind of in the lower mid-teens. And maybe compare that to what's going on with decreased foot traffic. And any sense of why that's not converting over?
Thomas J. Folliard: Traffic was up again. I don't have the exact number on the website, but it's never connected. Our web traffic over the last few years has always grown at a much higher rate than our comp sales. And that's just the way consumers are behaving. The other big shift in consumer behavior, which obviously we're not the only ones seeing this, is mobile devices and iPads and touchscreens. And that traffic is now, I think, 30% of our total volume. Just a year ago, it was 10% to 15%. So we saw it go from 5% to 10% and up to 30%. So I think some of the change in our traffic obviously is the ease at which people can now go search things on a mobile device. So -- but again, we're real happy with the website. We're really happy with our -- with where we are with mobile, but we got a long way to go. We don't have an app out yet. We'll be doing that soon, and we expect that mobile devices and iPads and things of that nature will continue to become a bigger and bigger chunk of our traffic.
Joshua Dolin - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. That's helpful. Continuing with online capabilities, can you give us an update of what's going on with EasyShop, where that's been expanded, how that program is working out for you?
Thomas J. Folliard: Sure. It's -- we currently have EasyShop available in 8 of our stores in North Carolina and Tennessee. And they are -- as we said, the main goal is to give consumers more ability to do more of their -- to complete more of their shopping experience from home. So whether it's filling out a credit app, initiating a transfer, paying for that transfer with a credit card, making an appointment, filling out a portion of their paperwork, all that stuff is working great as far as the customer is being able to complete that -- those components of the transaction. I expect we'll be rolling out parts or all of EasyShop to all of our stores over the next, say, 12 to 24 months. But it's still a little bit early, and it's still something that we have to get a read on for each of those different components and make sure that we roll it out effectively.
Joshua Dolin - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Sure. Are you seeing increased penetration in people using EasyShop in those markets?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's probably about flat over the last 6 months or so. I do need to correct. I said that the used -- the 1- to 6-year-old used car market was down 8 points. It was down 2, so I misspoke there. I apologize. And 0 to 10 was down 1. So both were down, but I misspoke on the magnitude of 0 to 6.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of James Albertine with Stifel, Nicolaus.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Wanted to ask you on the competitive landscape. I'm not asking for market share. I know you don't provide it on a quarterly basis. But really wanted to get a sense for how you're thinking about the gap that, for the better part of the last 2 decades, you've created relative to the majority of your peers, right? We've had a market dislocation now. Late-model supplies have been disrupted obviously for the last -- the better part of the last 3 years. And in that time, technology across the board has been improving, and the industry, in some sense, has become more commoditized than it ever had been before. So as you're ramping growth within existing and new markets, what gives you comfort that you're maintaining, if not expanding, that gap you had, whether it's proprietary tools, technology, go-to-market strategies versus your peers across the board?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, first and foremost would be our volumes. Our average store sells about 330 cars a month. The average new car dealer sells about 50 used cars a month. That number -- that gap really has not moved at all over the last 10 years. So if I just look at our volumes compared to whoever the competitor is in whatever market we're in, that gap really has not moved. We operate 23 of the 25 top volume used car stores in the United States and 43 of the top 50. And we're the #1 volume used car seller in every market that we operate in. So I feel like from just the numbers, it looks like customers are still choosing us over the competition. That being said, there's no question that the availability of information to consumers has moved dramatically over the last, let's say, 5 years. The availability of third-party tools for our competition to have access to has changed dramatically over the last 5 years, providing customers access to finance, providing dealers access to inventory management models and things of that nature. The reason, I think, that our competitive edge remains as strong as ever is it's not like we haven't been evolving and improving over that same time period. I feel like we're much better today at running this business than we were 5 years ago. We're more efficient. Our data that we've talked about that we continue to build on year-over-year is cumulative, and we continue to benefit from that. Our ability to leverage our inventory is unparalleled. We have 40,000 to 50,000 cars online at any given point in time. We've gotten better and better at transferring and moving those cars for our customers. We have a website that is dedicated to managing all 113 stores in the chain. And from a store perspective, or our customers' perspective, any car is available to them. Our ability to build new stores and to move employees in without having to retrain them because our systems were all designed from scratch. We don't buy any of it off the shelf. It continues to, I believe, become a bigger and bigger competitive advantage over time, so -- and we have initiatives in place to improve in all of those areas. So although there are tools available and we've seen some movement and, as you said, there's been a shift with the supply, I really believe that as we get these new stores open and as the supply comes back, we are poised to really take advantage of the advancements that we've made and our bigger positioning around the U.S. with more stores.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's a great answer. And just as a quick follow-up to the subprime questions earlier, the increase in the third-party financing to 14% from 7%, just wanted to get your sense of where you see that targeted mix in a more normalized environment, be it this time next year if supply resurges or somewhere else down the road.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, sure. First, that's -- it's kind of flattish to last quarter, so this is not really out of line with what we would have expected in terms of the percentage. We don't have a targeted percentage. As I said earlier, every one of these deals is a deal that we want to do. What I'd really like to see happen -- because we're not uncomfortable with the volume of deals that we're doing. What I’d really like to see happen over time, as I mentioned, with the supply coming back and with all the things I just talked about, that as our volumes come back, we’re able to make it up on the other side. To me, if it's 14% and it goes down to 5% because the rest of our business grows dramatically, that would be fine. But if they both grew, that would be fine with me, too. So we don't have a targeted percent for that segment of our business. We're very pleased to be able to make a competitive offer to that customer.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I've got -- I want to start out with 2 questions, sort of marred in the details a bit on the other revenue line. The first relates to warranty penetration. Your warranty dollar number was up over $7 million, I guess pretty close to $0.03 a share year-on-year. It was the biggest increase you've had in quite a while. Any insight as to the drivers of better penetration? Was it pricing? Was it penetration of vehicles sold? Any other color would be great.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. Matt, there's a number of things going on in ESP. But I think the disconnect you're seeing is the math doesn't pencil out with -- does an increase in attach rate on ESP plus the growth in sales equal the same amount of growth in ESP? Our contracts with our ESP partners are based on performance, and we simply received a feedback from one of them this quarter. It's something that is not unusual, but it doesn't happen every quarter. And because of how the performance of claims has been over the last year, one of our partners gave us a rebate essentially.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Roughly had...
Thomas J. Folliard: A portion [ph] of it is absolutely better penetration. We’ve had very strong ESP performance.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. We're up with penetration a couple of points.
Thomas J. Folliard: So it's the ESP penetration, the increased sales volume and the rebate.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: How material was the rebate?
Thomas W. Reedy: It's a couple of million.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's a couple million dollars of the $7 million.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So we should look on an ongoing basis for a growth rate that more approximates the growth rate in used car revenue, presumably?
Thomas J. Folliard: Correct.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you've obviously gotten a couple of questions on subprime. I guess that line item continues to grow year-on-year. But you're, I guess, a quarter away from cycling the beginning of the pop in subprime penetration. So would it be your expectation that once you start the cycle, this increase that, that line item kind of levels out for you? And if you could just remind us of the economics of subprime for you on that third-party financing fee line item.
Thomas W. Reedy: Matt, I think you're right. We have no indication that our partners have -- will have any different appetite than they currently are doing today, either positive or negative. I think we're in a comfortable spot. So as we start rolling over that change in behavior, I think we should see it be more consistent. And as far as the economics of subprime, as you know, we pay them a fee or we sell those loans at a discount. It's about $1,000.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And just also by way of reminder, is there any difference in the intrinsic characteristics of the cars that get sold to subprime customers that would help compensate for that? Or do they look like more or less cars that would be sold through a higher-quality credit?
Thomas W. Reedy: Overall, I don't think there's anything that differentiates them too much. We see some small variances, but nothing worth talking about.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then finally, there have been a couple of questions about the tools available in the environment and the increased impact of online on the business, broadly speaking. I guess, the one area I would like want bore down into a little bit is the theme of price transparency and think about that both from the sell side, that is your customers' perception of value, and also the buy side in terms of the deals that you're getting when you're buying cars through the wholesale business. As you look at your pricing versus the competition, and this is something, I guess, that we will have to try to measure on your own, are you seeing any material difference in the way you're coming to market from that perspective, assuming that your competition, which historically was not wired at all over the past few years, probably has -- whereas you were over the past few years, probably has developed somewhat greater capacity to at least be thoughtful of that?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. I mean, that's a very difficult thing to figure out when everybody is negotiating everything except for us. So despite the fact that there's more availability of data for consumers, at the end of the day, when you end up at the average car dealer, they'll negotiate the price, they'll negotiate the financing, they'll negotiate the trade, they'll negotiate the warranty, none of which we do. So it's still very difficult to make price comparisons to prices that aren't really the price.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just had a couple of follow-up questions. I was hoping you can maybe give us a sense of when do you think the supply of vehicles improved for you, just sort of adjusted for the weighted average age of the vehicles that you sell. Because I would think that the supply of 1- and 2-year-old vehicles will improve first, so that's one factor. And then also related to that, you commented that you're spending a little bit more time reconditioning as you're selling more "greater than 5 year old" vehicles. How does the reconditioning costs get affected as the mix kind of normalizes?
Thomas J. Folliard: So on the first question, the -- again, it's not something we would project. I would just say over the next 1 to 4 years, we're going to see those volumes and the supply pick up. Because the thing we don't know is how significantly has consumer behavior changed in terms of how quickly they trade out of their car. I think a lot of that behavior is driven by how comfortable people feel about the economy going forward. So it’s just -- it's too big a variable to try to say, on a linear basis, we expect the supply to come back in a predictable manner to, I think, the level that you're asking. So I just feel really good about the supply coming back over the next few years, but it's, "Is it 1? Is it 2? Is it 3?" It's really hard to say. But again, just feel really good about the fact that it is picking up, and we do expect the supply to come back. And your second question was…
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The second question is you said that -- I think you said that you're spending more money reconditioning now, that 25% to 30% of your sales are these more than 5 year olds?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. So on a gross basis, an 8-year-old car is going to need more reconditioning dollars to bring it up to our quality standard than a 2-year-old car. That has always been true for us. It will always be true to us. So our volume of cars in 5- to 10-year-old has gone up, and therefore, our reconditioning dollars have gone up. But when we look at our savings, we have to mix-adjust those savings to understand if we're really getting them. So when we think of it that way, we're still getting the savings that we talked about earlier. It's just that from the starting point of where we measured those savings, we would obviously be starting from a lower point if it was a 1- or 2-year-old car with, say, 10,000 miles on it compared to an 8-year-old car with 90,000 miles on it. So again, we just have to mix-adjust our reconditioning when we're thinking about savings. But when you look at total gross reconditioning dollars, as our mix has shifted older, those dollars have gone up.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. But that’s going to normalize at some point.
Thomas J. Folliard: By the way, that doesn’t impact our ability to sell that car or our profits.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. And my question is more along the lines of looking forward over the next, let's say, 2 years or so. Wouldn't the mix normalize a little bit more? And wouldn't that be another opportunity in terms of bringing the overall reconditioning dollars down?
Thomas J. Folliard: Not really. Because again, all the reconditioning needs to be mix-adjusted on a year-by-year basis. So although the gross dollar would come down, as you said, that's not really a driver of our ability to sell the car or -- I mean, it is overall. But I'd just tell you, we expect to spend more dollars on an older car, and we always will expect that.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, obviously, there's some pace of growth that you need in order to avoid the SG&A deleveraging, and it depends on the pace of your store growth and wholesale trends and other things like that. I was hoping you might be able to update us on where you think that is roughly today.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, in general, in the past, we have always said mid- to high-single digit comps can start to get some leverage in a ramp-up growth mode. We're still in a ramp-up growth mode. We will be again next year. And look, we've only given guidance out for growth for the next 3 years. If we got to a stable growth number where we build roughly the same number of stores but the base of the existing stores increased, then you would see SG&A leverage come quicker. But all we've talked about is the next 3 years for now, so we'll see.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Clint Fendley with Davenport.
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I'm just wondering. Generally, given the seasonality in your business, generally, we have seen the SG&A flex down in the third quarter. I'm wondering, just should that change this up -- for the upcoming quarter given the plans to open 3 new stores in new markets in the quarter?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. We're not going to give any guidance out on SG&A, Clint, sorry.
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. I guess going back a little bit to the previous question around some of the SG&A per retail unit, and I know you've said mid- to high-single digits could potentially keep that number flat. How much would that change if you were to go, say, from 10 new stores per year possibly up to 15 or so? Or should we expect a big change in that?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we've only given guidance for the next 3 years, and it's 10 to 15. But it all would depend on how many stores are in the base. And there's a lot of variables in there, how many stores are in the base, what are comp sales over the next several years, how big an impact do we get from the supply stuff we've talked about. Comps are a beautiful thing on SG&A. So I mean, at 15% comps, we could build as many stores as we wanted probably and still get leverage.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc., Research Division: To what extent -- and I'm not sure if you can determine this, but to what extent might subprime growth be driven by the fact that you do have an older mix of vehicles in your inventory and in your sales mix and then that might be attracting -- just naturally attracting more -- a higher percentage of subprime customers.
Thomas J. Folliard: I think that has very little to do with what's happened because the spike we saw at the last quarter -- I mean, I'm sorry, the spike we saw in the third quarter of last year, we were just really moving the inventory at that time. And as we said, it's not that our customer flow -- there's no -- it's true that our credit is down slightly. If you've just looked at our, let's say, our Beacon score through the door, but it's not down enough to explain the change. Most of the change is, as we've said, our providers getting more and more comfortable with the CarMax origination channel and making better quality offers to the customers that were already showing up at the store.
Operator: Your next question as from the line of Efraim Levy with S&P.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: What do you see in terms of mix for trucks and SUV share?
Thomas J. Folliard: We mentioned that our mix of trucks and SUV were down about 2 points year-over-year, and that was offset by an increase in compacts and subcompacts, up about 2 points.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: And the impact on profitability on a shift like that, is that meaningful?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's not. There's no impact at all.
Operator: Your next question as from the line of David Whiston with Morningstar.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just a long-term capital allocation question for you. I think clearly the best use of cash is to keep growing the store base. But it is there ever a profit environment and a macroeconomic environment where the board would be comfortable enough to do a share buyback to at least offset option issuance while also growing the store base?
Thomas J. Folliard: As we've said before, we understand our position. We're pleased with all the improvements that we've made to the business model over the last few years, and we are generating cash at a faster rate than we can spend it building stores. And also, as we've said before, all options are on the table. So we continue to look at what we think the best use of capital is in the short term, taking into account what our long-term goals are. But we've always said we think the best use of capital is to continue to build stores, but in terms of a share buyback or dividends or any other use of -- any other traditional use of capital, we continue to evaluate each of them. And if we have something to report, we'll tell you. Thank you. And seeing no further questions, I want to thank all of you for joining us, and thanks for your support and interest. And of course, thanks to all of our CarMax associates, once again, for your dedication and hard work and all that you do every day. We'll talk to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-06-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Joshua Dolin - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc. John H. Neff - Akre Capital Management, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter fiscal year 2013 conference call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Katharine Kenny.
Katharine W. Kenny: Good morning. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2013 first quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today, as usual, are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2012, filed with the SEC. [Operator Instructions] Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Used unit comps for the first quarter were flat compared to last year. Excluding appraisal-only traffic, we believe our traffic was somewhat lower than last year, but we are pleased that the continued strength of our overall execution allowed us to maintain our solid per-unit gross profit for both used and wholesale vehicles. Our focus on new store growth continues to gain momentum. In the first quarter, non-comp stores drove our overall 3% growth in used units. Total used vehicle gross profit grew by 3%, and used vehicle gross profit per unit was similar to last year's strong first quarter at $2,221. Overall, appraisal traffic grew, but wholesale unit sales decreased by 2%. This was largely due to 3 factors: extremely difficult comparisons in the last 2 first quarters of 52% and 32% growth; a slightly lower buy rate; and a shift in the calendar that resulted in one less Tuesday, which is one of our auction days. Excluding this calendar shift, we estimate wholesale units would have been flat to last year. Our wholesale gross profit per unit declined somewhat from our all-time high of over $1,000 last year, but at $980, represents the second highest in the company's history. CAF quarterly income continues to be a strong contributor growing by 8% to $75 million. During the quarter, sales of 5-year and older vehicles as a percentage of our total sales remained at historic highs, above 25%. Sales of SUVs and trucks remained above the same as a percentage of our total quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. As we've discussed before, our mix of vehicles will continue to vary based on consumer demand. I'll now turn it over to Tom to talk about CAF. Tom?
Thomas W. Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everybody. CAF income was up $5 million or 8% compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2012, and our portfolio of average managed receivables grew 16% to more than $5 billion. Growth in earnings lagged growth of the portfolio due to the year-over-year increase in the loss provision. While we experienced continued positive loss performance in the first quarter this year, we're up against a tough comparison. Remember, loss experienced after resulted in the provision being a credit in Q1 of last year. As for favorability in the loss provision in both periods, income growth would have more closely resembled growth in the managed receivables. Increase in managed receivables was largely driven by strong origination volumes over the course of FY '12 and into FY '13, which were lifted by growth in CAF penetration, increased average selling prices and CarMax sales. CAF penetration grew over the past year as we have moved back to a pre-recession origination strategy and taken volume back from third-party lenders. As you may recall from our prior conversations, this was always our plan. We started taking this volume back in early fiscal '12, and by January of this year, had transitioned to retaining it all. During the first quarter, CAF financed 37% of retail vehicle sales versus 34% in the prior year period. And our loans originated increased 14% versus the first quarter of fiscal 2012. The move to a pre-recession strategy was also apparent in allowance for loan losses, which increased $12 million or 36% to $46.6 million. The increase is not a reflection of any deterioration in performance. Adjusted for changes in the underlying credit mix, receivable performances continued to improve. Access to financing for our customers continues to be very strong with more than 85% of applications receiving at least one approval. Third-party subprime providers accounted for about 16% of sales in the first quarter, a level similar to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012, and that compares with 8% in the last year's first quarter. We typically experience our highest subprime volume in the fourth quarter due to tax refund season. However, this year originations by our subprime lenders ramped in Q4 and remained relatively strong through Q1. As I mentioned last quarter, we are seeing some deterioration in the credit quality of applicants, but the majority of the increase is the result of our subprime partners providing more attractive offers to our customers. You may have noticed that unused capacity in the warehouse facility was down about $350 million at quarter end. Since then, we priced and closed our second public ABS deal of 2012 sized at $940 million. I'll now turn it back from to Tom to wrap up.
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Tom. I'll talk about new stores for a minute then we'll open it up for questions. First, since resuming our growth, our new stores in aggregate are performing slightly above our sales expectations, and we are very excited about our store opening plans over the next several years. As you know, during the first quarter, we opened 2 new stores -- 2 stores in new markets, Lancaster, Pennsylvania and Bakersfield, California. In June, we also opened a third store in our Nashville market and our first store in Fort Myers, Florida. You will also note that in today's press release, we included 3 planned openings in new markets for the first quarter for our next fiscal year in Columbus and Savannah, Georgia and in Harrisonburg, Virginia. Harrisonburg will be the pilot for our updated small store concept. And with that, we will open it up for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Murphy of Bank of America.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: As we look at these used unit volumes, which were flat year-over-year after a quarter of positive growth, how much of that segment then would you attribute to the lack of supply versus lack of demand? And on the demand side, are you seeing any shift away from used into new? Or is that not really what's going on?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's a variety of factors, and it's really difficult for us to say that there's a shift from used to new. But the lack of supply is not just -- it has multiple impacts on our business. One, we have historically performed -- kind our sweet spot has been 1- to 3-year old cars, and obviously, there are less of those available. You've seen that with our mix of our inventory shifting towards overstock. But the other part is there's just been this appreciation across all segments in the wholesale business that have caused this really high retail. So I believe it's having some impact on our sales. I also think that the weak economy and high unemployment rate continues to be a drag on the consumer.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And as new stores open up, is there a higher cost associated with sourcing the inventory for those stores? In other words, how much of a difference is there between average gross profit per unit in a newly opened store versus one that's been up and running for a while?
Thomas J. Folliard: Our average profits, we manage them pretty consistently. And it's not that there's a big difference in the newer stores, but they're obviously starting off at a much lower sales rate, and they're carrying a much heavier load of SG&A.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison of Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: On the advertising program you guys have, how satisfied are you with the return on investment? And just how effective do you think that advertising program is?
Thomas J. Folliard: I wish we can manage our advertising better than we can. We're a firm believer that we need to continue to build our brand. Obviously, we wish we got a little more traffic in the quarter than we did. But advertising is not just what we spend on TV but also our strategy around the Internet, around paid searches and our listing, where we list our cars with Cars.com and AutoTrader.com and other listing agents. So it's been very dynamic over the last several years as we shifted lots of dollars towards the Internet. And we believe we're making a solid investment in advertising. We believe we're building our brand. And we believe, over the long run, advertising, obviously all that we're spending will pay off.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel of Oppenheim.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So the question -- just on expenses, if we look at here in Q1, expense growth was roughly muted given the accelerating unit expansion you're experiencing. So the question I have is that -- should we expect expense growth to pick up as we move through 2012 here and as the unit growth picks up further as well?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, a lot of it is going to be driven, Brian, by whether or not we get stronger comp sales. I mean, unless you're just referring to growth expenses, the majority of the difference year-over-year is related to new store growth.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So I guess -- yes, so if I'm looking just at that piece, how should we think about the cadence of that component of your expense through 2012? In other words, so you have 2 centers, 2 stores here in Q1. If you opened a large number, would there be higher expenses then associated with that?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, of course, there's going to be higher expenses with more openings. When you look at it on a year-over-year basis, we opened up 5 last year. We'll open 10 this year. But we're also prepping for between 10 and 15 the following year. So yes, you're going to see some more expenses as it relates to growth. We haven't guided around that specifically by the quarter, but you would expect to spend more money in the year when you're building more stores.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, Brian, if you look at this quarter year-over-year, we're up about $12 million. And about $10 million of that is due to the SG&A in new stores and all the things that go around supporting our growth initiatives, things like subsidy preopening, relocation, et cetera. So the lion's share of that increase is due to new locations. Obviously, as we grow comps as well, sales commissions will go up, and you'll see SG&A climb from that perspective, too.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. Maybe a quick follow-up. On subprime, it was another -- it was a decent driver of your sales here in Q1. I know you addressed, to some extent, this in your prepared remarks. But of course, we saw a strong subprime business in the fourth quarter. I think you had commented or you talked about that some of that was driven by -- it's kind of a seasonal strong business, but you're persistent in Q1. I mean, is there something shifting with that subprime business now that we're going to see that to be a contributor to your business throughout the year?
Thomas W. Reedy: I think as we've talked about it, there has been a shift in the behavior of our third-party lenders. We've kind of given more attractive offers to our customers because they become more comfortable with the CarMax origination channel. They've seen better performance in our portfolio, and they're willing to go out there and give our customers more attractive offers. What we thought -- if you look at fourth quarter versus first quarter this year, as I mentioned, the -- coming out of the fourth quarter last year, we did see a step-up in their activity, and that continued into the first quarter. And if you take a look back at them -- FY '10 and FY '11, what we saw was about a 1-point drop in Q4 versus the Q1 subprime penetration. And this year, it was relatively flat. So we did see a step-up in their activity, and it continued in the first quarter. As far as going forward, that's going to depend on our partners' experience. But at this time, we have no reason to believe that there's any reason it should change.
Thomas J. Folliard: And the only thing I'll add there, Brian, is you know how our credit flows, and the customers who qualify with these providers have gone through every other credit channel in our store. And at that moment, they're about to leave without buying a car, so we're pretty convinced that this is almost 100% incremental business. And because of the fact that we subsidize them, because of the fact that customers have access to any piece of inventory at CarMax, I think we're giving these folks a fantastic deal. And if our lenders continue to get more comfortable with the experience they have with this origination source, then it's fine with us if they continue to offer more credit to our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Sharon Zackfia of William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk through a couple of the things that are perhaps within your own jurisdiction. So obviously, comps are composed of traffic and conversion. And so can you walk us through maybe any initiatives or thought processes on improving one or the other? And I'm also curious as to whether or not you're seeing your web traffic decelerate. I'm wondering essentially if consumers are kind of opting out of the traffic because they're not happy with the inventory or the pricing or something like that.
Thomas J. Folliard: So I'll first talk about overall traffic and conversion and the things that we're doing to try to improve both. We're constantly tweaking our advertising program and trying to figure out what the right mix is of spending on TV and spending on the Internet and spending on radio. We have tried to manage that along with units sold so that we're not overspending related to the number of cars that we're selling. With flat comps, we're going to manage that down a little bit. If comps went up, we'll probably spend a little bit more. But in terms of the mix of advertising, I feel we're pretty comfortable with it. We have a new ad agency, new in the last year or so. We just came out with a brand new set of [Audio Gap] have a new campaign called Start at CarMax. We're very pleased with how that came out. I think with any advertising program like that, you're going to see the results over a longer period of time, not so much on a short period of time. In terms of execution in the stores, I mean, pretty much everything we're working on is to try to improve our conversion. When we're trying to take costs out of reconditioning, that's to improve our conversion and improve the offer to the consumer and improve quality. We've talked lots about improved training programs in the stores and training and development for not just our sales consultants but our sales managers as well in our stores. We've upgraded our on-boarding process, and we're bringing in a new sale consultant on board. We're providing much more of an extensive program than we have in the past because at the end of the end of the day, it's still a sales job. You still have to build forward with the customer. You still have to overcome objections. I feel like we're making some good progress there. I mentioned in my opening remarks that our traffic was down slightly. When you subtract out appraisals, we've said that appraisal-only volume has really spiked. And you've seen it in our numbers, particularly in wholesale, over the last couple of years. And so for the first quarter, if you took that out, despite the fact that traffic was down slightly, our conversion would have been up slightly. But if there is no one thing, no one button you can push to change conversion, I think it's something we'll be working on for as long as we're in business. And the last question you asked was about web traffic. I'll let Tom give you the update there.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. Web traffic continues to be up year-over-year, and comp market is up in kind of the middle teens -- lower middle teens.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Is that consistent with the trends you were seeing in web traffic throughout last year? Or is it decelerating?
Thomas W. Reedy: I wouldn't -- it's consistent with last year. There's no difference there.
Thomas J. Folliard: We continue to see growth in web traffic throughout.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli of RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Question about wholesale. I mean, I understand the difficult comparisons. I understand the calendar shift. All that makes sense to me. But 2 questions, I guess. One, why would you have a lower buy rate given the way you run that program? And two, are we at the point where you would expect wholesale units to roughly track used retail units?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, first, the difficult comparison is worth rementioning because going up 52% and then 32% means that our volume of wholesale doubled in 2 years in the same quarter, and we were able to deliver that same volume. The lack of a Tuesday is significant. It's a couple of percentage points, and we think we would have been flat had we had that extra Tuesday. I have no idea if we're at a point where they'll track. They happen to track this quarter. We've said all along, we thought that both the margin was somewhat unsustainable and that those -- the growth that we've seen in wholesale, we didn't expect to continue. And we have said that we believe over time that they'll, in general, move together, and I still believe that. I wouldn't take this quarter and say because they pretty much exactly matched up that we're going to see that going forward. There's too many other variables involved. And the other question you asked on buy rate, remember, we could have bought at 40% if we wanted. But our margins would have dropped the whole bunch because the only way you can do that is make higher offers. And since we don't know which ones we were or weren't going to buy, we'd have to make higher offers across the board. So if we raised all of our offers by $500, I'm sure our buy rate would have been significantly better, but our margin also would have also been much lower. So there's always a balancing act. There's probably no -- we're always trying to optimize it, but there's probably no exact right answer to that question.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So what was the buy rate this quarter then and what did that compare to?
Thomas J. Folliard: It was only -- it's only down slightly. I mean, we've been running around 30%, and we were down, I think, 0.5 point or 1 point. So it's not like it's a big number.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Matthew Fassler of Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Kind of a 2-part question. Sharon asked you about some of the controllables related to traffic among other things. Just if you could talk a bit to the diagnostics of why you think traffic in particular is under pressure and where do you think the supply issue is something that shows up on the traffic side or if it typically shows up in conversion. Is there a function of people looking for the kind of car and not finding it? Is that supply dynamic kind of spreading, if you will, into traffic? And then a second -- or the second part of the question, if you will, this is the third or fourth quarter in a row where your ASPs have outperformed the Manheim index for the comparable period. So you're up more than the index, which is now under pressure. I'm sure there could be lots of reasons for that related to mix, but if you could shed some light on your pricing trend versus the market, that would be great.
Thomas J. Folliard: That was a long question, Matt. First one on traffic, we don’t get too wrapped up in one quarter of traffic being slightly down. I talked earlier about advertising being a long journey. And we have continued to spend, and we've continued to invest in both our TV and our radio and our Internet advertising and search engine advertising and continuing to develop our website. And another driver of traffic is just continuing to give a great experience to the customer. When they walk in the door, still our biggest source of customers when we ask comes from word of mouth, and we think our stores are doing a great job there. So we think we're doing all the right stuff. I think -- you asked about supply being a traffic driver. Yes, I think it has some impact. If historically we -- as I said, our sweet spot has been more in the 1- to 3-year old cars. There's a lot less of those cars out there available. I talked about the fact that the lack of supply has driven our prices up. And you mentioned that in part 2 of your question. Our margins really haven't moved that much. If you look at it, $100 or $200 where as our average retail. If you go back to November of '08, it has gone up about $3,000. That's actually a direct result of the lack of supply. So yes, I think it has some effect. I think some consumers look at pricing and just decide to not get out there and buy right now. And I think until we see some movement in the supply and the SAAR gets back up to historical levels, then we're probably going to be looking at this for a little while.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And as you think about your pricing versus the market, is your relationship to the market pretty much where it’s been?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I haven't seen that. And we don't compare to that. So I couldn't give you an answer on why we're different than the index. And I don't know if the -- their index is over a broader set of inventory compared to what our index is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Albertine of Stifel, Nicolaus.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Very quickly, I just wanted to touch on sort of the new store productivity. You called out -- I think you mentioned some details in the prepared remarks. But considering the lack of the late model supply and that if you look at new store productivity over time, actually it's been improving. Is there something that's changed from the cost standpoint? So I had seen an analysis that goes back to -- way back to 2003, so maybe asking if you can provide an updated sort of look at what the new store investment sort of budget is going forward and how it's changed pre- and post-recession?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. It probably -- it hasn't really changed that much in total, again, because there's lots of different variables in there. If you go back to pre-recession and what we would spend on a combination of the land and building, those numbers really haven't moved dramatically when you size the land and the building and max it out to what we were doing before. So for the same-size building, similar piece of land in a similar-priced market, our prices are going to be -- the cost of building a store is going to be pretty close. What has changed is our profitability of the company and profitability per car sold. So kind of the sales hurdle required to deliver a good return is lower than it used to be. And when I talk about our new stores performing slightly above their sales expectation, obviously, when we decide on an investment and we build a store, we expect it to sell a certain amount of cars and then deliver the right amount of profitability to deliver return. And the point we're making in the prepared remarks was that we have restarted growth going back 3 years ago. We opened the 3 stores that were already sitting there and built, Cincinnati, Dayton and Augusta. We opened 5 stores last year and 3 stores this year. So that's 11 stores that we've opened since coming out of the recession. And just as a group, they're slightly above our sales of expectations, which -- obviously our sales expectations are built around what we need to sell to deliver a return.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman of Credit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Latching on to an earlier question, I think Brian asked regarding subprime. If comps were flat but the subprime penetration went way up, I'm trying to figure out what that means for what's happening at the prime or semi-prime levels as far as volume growth and then if there's anything to diagnose about the consumer in that segment.
Thomas W. Reedy: I think as you kind of articulated, Matt, pretty straightforward. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are seeing credit quality a little bit down through the door and our Tier 1 approval rate, meaning CAF, is a bit down from last year. So subprime is picking up the slack. And so we are seeing some pressure there.
Thomas J. Folliard: But we're still delivering. When a customer walks in the door, more than 85% of our customers are having access to credit, and that's across the board, Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3. As I mentioned earlier, we are very proud of what we're able to do for the subprime customer. I think that nowhere do you get a better deal than you do at CarMax if you haven't followed that credit profile. And obviously, we would like to do better with Tier 1 and Tier 2. I talked about a lot of the factors around why we think sales were a little slow for the quarter or flat for the quarter. And I think those variables are still there. We need to see the economy pick up. We need to see unemployment move down. We need to see some more movement in the SAAR, and it's going to take some time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache of Deutsche Bank.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Dan Galves in for Rod. I just wanted to ask about the used retail margin per unit. It came down throughout fiscal 2012 each quarter and then jumped back up to basically year-ago levels in Q -- in this quarter. What do you attribute that growth back to last year's levels? And then second question on CAF. The net interest margin seemed to decline a bit in the previous quarter, back up this quarter to pretty high levels again. How do you account for that? And what are you seeing in the current securitization market in terms of cost of funding?
Thomas J. Folliard: I'll talk about margins, and Tom can talk about the interest margin question. But our margins have been relatively consistent. Sometimes -- when you look at our margin, I know we're down $20. And I've said all along, we can't manage margins that closely. So if we're within $20 or $50, it's pretty flat. And this quarter was, for us, pretty flat to last year. And first quarter is historically a pretty strong margin quarter for us. So we didn't really look at the year and say that -- and feel like our margins had been declining throughout the year. They've been pretty close.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So there's some seasonality there?
Thomas J. Folliard: There has always been a little seasonality around margin. And Tom will talk about interest margin.
Thomas W. Reedy: Dan, I can talk to interest margin. If you remember, the interest margin is the combination of the APR, our funding costs and market influences, which drive kind of both of those. And we don't control the funding costs. And APR, we're going to do what the market takes. As we mentioned, we have been taking back volume that we used to pass off to our third-party lenders. And that volume is at lower credit volume, thus at higher APRs. So that's active there. You've seen some impact in rising APRs over time because it's going to take a while to get through the system. But at the same time, we've been aggressive in making sure that we're providing good offers to our high-FICO, high-credit customers. And so there's some offsetting factors going on there. As far as the securitization market, we just -- as I said, we priced the deal a couple of weeks ago. It went as good as can be, probably stronger than the past deal. Cost of funding is priced 5 basis points tighter if you take a weighted average spread on the deal. So the average coupon on the bond is about 1.03%, something like that. So still very strong. Still seems like there's a lot of access to the market. We went out with $750 million deal and ended up pricing a $940 million deal with tighter spreads.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, got you. And there's no help you can really give us on kind of net interest margin going forward, whether it's up from this quarter's level or down, it's just tough to call?
Thomas W. Reedy: It is tough to call because, as I said, there's a lot of moving pieces, and we're just going to try to optimize what's best for CarMax over the long run.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Clint Fendley of Davenport.
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: A question here on the wholesale. I'm wondering, for the 10 new stores that you're planning to open this year, how many you would anticipate would be wholesale sites? And I'm wondering, if a new store also serves as a wholesale site, what is the typical timing for when you would begin running the auctions after a store opening and just any incremental costs involved in that.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. I don't know off the top of my head of the 10 that we're opening how many will have auctions in them. We don't run auctions at any of our satellite stores. So if you look at the mix of stores for the year, if you take out the satellites, in terms of the ones that will run auctions, when we're looking at going into a new market, we factor in wholesale as one of the factors that we use to determine how much land we need to buy, how big a building we need to buy. So it's all built in to the economics. When we talk about our CapEx plan for a year, we're factoring in what our wholesale capacity needs are when we're going and building new stores. And we only run auctions at about 55% to 60% of the locations that we have, and we shift the other cars from, say, a satellite store to a hub store. In terms of when does a new store start running an auction, it all depends on its volume. It all depends on how quickly they buy wholesale cars. Oftentimes, we'll start an auction in a new location by running once a month. And then as the volume picks up, we'll go to every other week and then ultimately get to weekly in the sales. So we're pretty analytical about it. We're well aware of what the shipping costs are to move from one to another, and we also don't want to let cars sit around for too long. So there is no exact answer. It's very much dependent on volume. But as I said, when we're -- as we're building these stores, the fact that we run an auction and that we need acreage to have these cars is factored into our decision making.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer of Wells Fargo Securities.
Joshua Dolin - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It's Josh on for Matt. As we look at the stores that are going to be rolling out for the next 12 months, can you give us any color on what store of the future feature is going to be carried out to those and which stores will have them or how many will have them?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. I think our -- the next set of stores that will be what we call next-gen, one will be in Des Moines, and 2 in Denver. We have Fort Myers and Naples also coming this summer. Those did not get the package because of the long build time. And the -- but a couple of important things to note, a lot of the things that we hope to be able to learn, we think, are transferable back into the existing chain without spending a whole bunch of capital. So there's some technology advancements in the stores, and some of those things are pretty modular and can be put back. But there's a lot of different customer service things. We've separated out the appraisal area completely. We can roll that back into the stores without a bunch of capital. Simple things like we allow customers to test drive cars on their own, which we just have not done to this point. That's obviously easy to do in all of our stores. All of our cars are unlocked. Customers have access to browse the lot and go in and out of cars. For security reasons and for making sure that they have a sales consultant with them. We haven't done that before. That's also pretty modular and can be rolled back. Our sales consultants and sales managers are using iPads to try and help with delivering a better customer experience. That's another thing, obviously, we can put back into existing stores without a bunch of capital. So it's awfully early. We only have 1 store opened. We're pleased thus far with the results and with what we're learning. But in terms of how quickly will we get into the rest of the chain, it's just still a little bit too early.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson of Stephens.
N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I'd like to ask you about the health sufficiency rate. What happened in the quarter and compared to the prior year?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, Rick, we don't have that one handy. While they're looking for the numbers, I would guess it's relatively flat since sales were flat and our buy rate was relatively flat.
N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Got you. And if the number is coming up, if I could ask, I know you like to talk about market share on an annual basis, but any commentary as to what you think happened in the latest quarter maybe in the various buckets, the 1- to 3-year-old cars, the 5-plus cars.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. Rick, just because of the historical volatility around market share numbers, we're only going to talk it about annually. So we gave our share numbers at the end of the year, and we'll give another update at the end of this year. The self-sufficiency was up slightly for the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong of CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Just to touch on an earlier question a little bit, obviously we've seen recent indications, various indications that used car prices are softening a little bit. To what extent are you seeing that? And in your view, do you think that's sustainable?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I think our prices were relatively flat in terms of our total ASP year-over-year. So...
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: In terms of wholesale price, the price that you got, that you're seeing in the market?
Thomas J. Folliard: No. In terms of -- I'm saying our average retails are relatively flat. And you're asking...
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Well, I mean your...
Thomas J. Folliard: The wholesale and retail, so it's a result of that. And I have seen some softening largely in that the last couple of years. Particularly at this time of year, we've seen pretty big appreciation in the wholesale market, and we're not seeing that as much as we have in the past. But if you backed up pre-recession, what we would normally see coming out of the spring is a pretty steady depreciation throughout the second half of the year, which is obviously going to have an impact on pricing. And we don't know if that's going to happen this year, but that would be what we would consider more of a normal curve of how pricing should flow. That's also driven by how many new cars are sold and how many new cars are sold each month. And although SAAR has been moving pretty steadily, it was down in May compared to what it was in April. I think if we see a steady climb in the SAAR throughout the next couple of years, then we may get back to what we would consider more of a normal depreciation curve.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Do you think that the -- what looks like will be an increase in off-leased vehicles entering the wholesale market beginning next year, do you think that will have an appreciable impact on supply and on your vehicle cost?
Thomas J. Folliard: The supply, total supply, is going to be driven by total SAAR, not the percentage of which -- not the percentage of new cars that are leased. If there's a bigger percentage of new cars that are leased, it makes -- our ability to acquire that inventory is a little bit easier because the cars are more organized. They come back through leased companies, and they show up at auction pretty consistently. But in terms of the total supply, the percentage of cars that are leased over the long haul really doesn't have any impact. It changes the timing a little bit. It changes where we have to go buy cars. So again, I don't think pricing is going to be driven by the percentage of cars that are leased. I think it's going to be driven by the total number of new cars sold in the U.S.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Right. And are you seeing any impact that you're able to quantify at all on new car dealers holding on to a greater percentage of their trade-ins and re-retailing them rather than putting them out in the auctions?
Thomas J. Folliard: No. I mean, we haven't seen an impact in terms of our sourcing ability. And what you've -- what we've heard from lots of the new car dealers is that they're actually keeping older stuff, older stuff that they historically would have wholesaled. A lot of that stuff does not meet our retail standards, and that would fall into our wholesale area, which as you have seen, has grown substantially over the last couple of years. So what we've seen and what we've heard in terms of behavior from other dealers about keeping stuff and selling stuff at retail, it feels like it's been more driven by selling stuff that they normally would have wholesaled.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Neff of Akre Capital Management.
John H. Neff - Akre Capital Management, LLC: Just one here, and that is you sort of mentioned earlier that subprime lenders are getting more comfortable with CarMax's origination channel. I was just wondering if you could sort of describe what they were less comfortable with prior and why that's waning.
Thomas W. Reedy: What -- I think what they've seen is the performance of our portfolio. That's the biggest evidence that you can give. And they've told us -- both our subprime and Tier 2 lenders have told us a similar set of assets generated out of CarMax performs better than one generated elsewhere. And if you think about what are the risks to an auto lender, it's the collateral, and it's the information you're getting about the customer. And our business model provides a very elegant origination channel in that we know the collaterals work because we bought it. So there's no obscuring of that. It's very clear. And we have a transparent process, so the information about the customer is very solid. So when the lenders start looking at the risk they have embedded in the auto lending practice, they don't have to factor anything in for, perhaps, a disconnect on what value of the asset is or the information from the customer.
Thomas J. Folliard: And we bring all our cars up to the same quality standard. It doesn't matter what tier a customer buys them. Whether they're Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, subprime, the quality standard's all the same. And that's another thing. We've heard loud and clear from our providers is that the quality of car that we sell, you're more likely to pay if your car is still running. Okay. Seeing no further questions, I want to thank everyone for your support and your interest. And of course, thanks to all of our associates once again for your dedication and hard work and all you do every day. And we'll talk to you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-04-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Austin Pauls - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc. Unknown Analyst David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Bettina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Quarter 4 Fiscal Year 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Kenny, you may begin your conference.
Katharine W. Kenny: Good morning. Thank you for joining our Fiscal 2012 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call today. On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events -- actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2011, filed with the SEC. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. While we are pleased to report another year of record revenues and earnings, we achieved some major milestones this year, including total revenue of over $10 billion for the first time and retail used vehicle sales of over 400,000. Some other highlights for the year include used unit comps increased by 1% compared to a very challenging 10% in the prior year. Net earnings, up 10% to $414 million. Wholesale unit sales increased by 20% to over 300,000 and total wholesale gross profit grew by 26%. CAF income, up 19%. And we ended our managed receivables at nearly $5 billion. We also estimate we increased our market share of late-model used vehicle sales by approximately 3%. Highlights for the fourth quarter. Used unit comps increased by 4% compared to 12% in the previous year. Total used gross profit grew by 8%, and total wholesale gross profit grew by 20%. Wholesale unit sales, up 13% due to strong appraisal traffic. Our appraisal buy rate was similar to the last several quarters and last year's fourth quarter at a little over 29%. CAF quarterly income was also a strong contributor growing by 22% to $66.1 million. During the quarter, sales of 5-year and older vehicles as a percentage of our total, were over 25% similar to what we reported in the third quarter. Sales of SUVs and trucks remained about the same as a percentage of our total last year, but fell from 31% to less than 21% -- less than 27% of our sales sequentially. As we've discussed before, our mix of vehicles would vary depending on the needs of our customers. And I'll turn over to Tom Reedy. Tom?
Thomas W. Reedy: Good morning, everyone. As Tom mentioned, CAF had a strong quarter with income up $12 million or 22% compared to the fourth quarter fiscal 2011. Our portfolio grew 14% to nearly $5 billion. And net loans originated increased 36% compared with the fourth quarter fiscal 2011. While the increase in unit sales and average selling price contributed to the portfolio growth, it was largely driven by the key motive impact of our decision to retain more of the loans we had historically approved, but in recent years had been purchased by third-party providers. As of January this year, we have transitioned back to retaining all of these loans. CAF penetration for the quarter was approximately 37%, up from 29% last year. Interest margin as a percent of average receivables increased to 7.3% compared to last year of 6.9%. While we have increased our retention of higher risk loans with higher APRs, we've also been providing more aggressive offers to attract and retain higher FICO customers. So while interest and fee income grew about $10 million year-over-year, it was down modestly as a percent of average receivables from 9.7% to 9.4%. Interest expense has continued to decline as higher cost securitizations paid down and yields of lower interest expense continued to become a greater portion of our financing. As you may have seen, we closed the first 2012 ABS deal in mid-February. At this point, the market for auto paper seems to be quite healthy as we saw a strong demand for the deal and were able to upsize the transaction to $970 million. Our provision for losses grew by $2.2 million year-over-year. That's the product of favorable loss experience dampening the impact of retaining more loans with greater credit risk in the growth in our receivables. Access to financing for our customers continues to be very strong with 85% of applications receiving an approval. While the fourth quarters always are high for subprime mix, subprime penetration grew to 15% of sales in the quarter, that's versus 9% in the fourth quarter last year. Some of this may be due to strong tax season and mix through the door, but we have clearly seen our partner with continued experience and comfort in the CarMax origination channel begin to provide more attractive offers to our customers. Additionally, we believe we've improved our in-store execution around subprime sales and applications. Before I turn the call back over to Tom, let me touch on the correction and lease accounting. During the quarter, we determined, along with our auditors, that we should utilize the financing method of accounting for sale-leaseback transactions. As a result, we made revisions to our financial statements to correct the accounting for transactions entered into between fiscal 1995 and 2009. In simplest terms, certain assets that we were treating as rented are now treated as owned and financed. The net effect is the assets are added to our balance sheet and the financing liability is created. Depreciation has increased with those new assets, and rent expense and G&A is reduced. And payment on the sale-leaseback transactions are now recognized as interest and a decrease in the financing liability. We've determined that these revisions do not materially affect our financial statements. They generally impact our income statements by approximately the same amount, $0.02 a share, each year including fiscal 2012. However, our total earnings growth is not affected. For your reference, we have included revised quarterly income statements for the past 2 years in our press release. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Tom. As I mentioned, we estimated that we grew market share this year in the 0- to 6-year old vehicle market by approximately 3%. Given the strength and unique quality of our consumer offer, we're confident we'll continue to expand our market share, especially as we continue to grow our store base and as late-model vehicles begin to increase again as a percentage of the overall used vehicle inventory. Also remember that currently about 15% of our sales are vehicles that are outside of 1 to 6 years old older than 6. We're also very excited about our store opening plans over the next several years. As you know, during the fourth quarter, we opened our fifth store for fiscal 2012 in Chattanooga, Tennessee. In today's press release, we included the complete list of our currently projected store openings for fiscal 2013, including our expected opening of a second store opening in Jacksonville, Florida in the fourth quarter. All right, at this time, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So first question, Tom, more of a qualitative one -- but we're looking at the sales trend, the used unit comps, and you're clear that, that metric continued to improve here in the fourth quarter with the 4%. I assume it got -- the numbers got better through the quarter. But the question I have for you is -- and we talk a lot about this on prior calls and other conversations, but how would you characterize your overall tone of your customer -- the overall tone of your customer? Now you've seen -- I've seen a larger number of customer, better traffic, better conversion, and how is that basically playing out?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we -- in the quarter, our traffic was up. And I think we talked about this some on the last call that because of our really high volume of appraisals recently and particularly appraisal-only customers, over the last couple of years, we've kind of gone back and looked at our conversion and tried to segment out customers who are really and specifically just coming to buy a car from us. And when we do that, we're really comfortable and confident that our conversion continues to increase, and that we did once again in the quarter and it also went up some for the year. Our traffic was up about 6% in the quarter, but that includes -- that's total traffic, which also includes appraisal traffic. So I think the customer flow that we're getting is solid; good, quality customer flow that wants to buy cars and we're converting them at a pretty good clip. We still would like to see a higher flow of customers overall, but we're pretty pleased with how the quarter came out.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So I guess just to follow up on that. If we look at how the customer tracked through the fourth quarter, I mean, where there significant differences between, let's say, Q4 and then Q3, Q2 for you guys? How should we think about the change of dynamics in the customer?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we don't talk about any movement during the quarter. The last 2 quarters were a little disappointing from a sales and customer flow standpoint with -- I think we were a negative 2 and negative 3 on comps in the second and third quarters. So clearly, this was a better quarter with a plus 4, and I'd say that's the biggest difference. We were down the last 2 quarters, we're up this 1.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And the second question I have on SG&A spend. We talked -- you guys are clearly ramping up growth again. We saw a higher SG&A spend in the fourth quarter related to that growth. How should we think about SG&A spend as we look into 2012 related to your unit -- more aggressive unit expansion?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we're going to have some more expenses around store growth because we're either opening or preparing to open more stores in this year than we did last year. And we talked about coming out of the recession having a kind of a controlled build of store growth. We opened up 3 stores 2 years ago, 5 stores last year. We said we're going to open 10 this year and 10 to 15 in the next. So there are some spend that goes along with that on pre-opening expense, on staffing up to be prepared to open up those stores, relocation, all those kind of things. So we expect SG&A to go up and hopefully, we can get some comp sales to offset it.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So was there any -- do you mind giving parameters of how much higher SG&A spending should be in 2012?
Thomas J. Folliard: We're not going to give any guidance on that. We did provide -- we are providing a table for SG&A. Where did we put that?
Katharine W. Kenny: In the K.
Thomas J. Folliard: It will be in the K and we break it down a little better in there, so that will be new.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli.
Austin Pauls - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is actually Austin on for Scott today. Question just to follow up on the previous question on SG&A. I understand that the expenses will be ramping up as you ramp up store growth. But I did notice in the press release, you talked about lower advertising expense, which, I guess, seems a little bit counterintuitive. I would think that you would ramp that up as you grow stores and grow into new markets. So could you maybe talk about advertising and how you expect that to trend in the coming year?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. I think that for the quarter, that was just -- we did not -- we didn't do Super Bowl this year and we did last year. That's a pretty, pretty overpriced thing to do.
Austin Pauls - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. So that was just for this quarter. But I guess in the coming year, should we expect advertising to ramp up along with the other expenses related to new store growth?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. We try to think about advertising on a per unit sold basis. If we get the sales we expect, we would expect to spend more money on advertising. And then we're going to have some pre-opening advertising that will be larger than it was last year because we'll open more stores.
Austin Pauls - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then just one last question on a different topic. Obviously, we've all seen gas prices rising in recent months. I'm curious, is that impacting your mix at all? Are people looking for smaller and more [indiscernible]? And I guess I'm kind of thinking about that in the context of ASPs, but were still up with, I think, 4% year-over-year. So just curious how the mix is trending and how that will impact ASPs going forward.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. We talked about -- I mentioned that in the -- in my opening remarks. Our SUV mix was down 4 points sequentially year-over-year. But it's not -- it's in the sub -- I mean, I'm sorry, midsize and small cars were up about the same to offset that. So we have seen it, but just from a how does it feel, it doesn't feel anything like it did back in May of '08 when gas hit $4, and we saw a dramatic shift in consumer behavior. I'd say this has been a little bit more gradual, and people seem a little more settled into the high $3s on gas prices. But I think one of the best things about the CarMax consumer offer is we're pretty nimble, and we can adjust our inventory to whatever the consumer is looking to buy. And it doesn't make any difference to us. We're happy to sell smaller cars. We're happy to sell SUVs. And as we've talked about before, our margin is more on a per unit basis, and it's not really driven off of ASP. The only place where ASP really has an impact is on average amount financed in CAF. So -- and I also think that ASPs over the last couple of years have been driven far more by the changes in the wholesale market than they have been by anything to do with our mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Market share. I want to thank you for the additional detail you shared with us. Could you help us clarify more detail on that in terms of the overall size of the 0- to 6-year-old market?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. The overall size -- the 0- to 6-year-old market shrunk again during the year. A few points to remember about the way we report market share: One, we only report market share in the market that we're in. We're only in half of the U.S. markets. We're talking about our share of 1- to 6-year-old cars. We do it on an annual basis because the data that we buy and we get -- although it's been very consistent for a long period of time, it's actually very inconsistent if you look at it over shorter periods of time. We feel pretty comfortable reporting it annually. And we feel very comfortable that we grew our share of 1- to 6-year-old cars. And then remember that 15% of our retail sales are older than 6 years old, so they're not even included in the number. And that makes it a little bit challenging. But if we said well, we sell all the way out to 10-year-old cars, so let's look at our share of 1- to 10-year-old cars. That chunk of the market is so big that if we said our retail share that will drop down to just a miniscule number. So that's the reason we keep reporting on the consistent basis. Additionally, we sell very high quality cars at retail, and we wholesale stuff that is older. So you've seen our wholesale business grow pretty dramatically over the years. When you look at those 2 numbers combined, we sold over 300,000 wholesale cars during the year. Lots of those cars are in that older segment, the 6- to 10-year old. So we try to look at our total business. We run our business a little different than some of the other retailers. Most others don't have such a big wholesale business. So we kind of look at our participation in -- in the total used car market, we sold 400,000 retail cars. We also sold 300,000 wholesale cars. And we really like our positioning there. But we're going to keep reporting share the way we do. We think it's important. We think it's an important measure for our business. But again, there's a lot of caveats there because of the lack of data that's available.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And the 3% to which you refer, is that a percentage point gain in share of the market you're addressing?
Thomas J. Folliard: That's 3%, not 3 percentage points. So it's 3%. It's a small change. And again, it's of 1- to 6-year-old cars, remembering that 15% of our sales are not even in that segment. And we still grew share and a couple of other pieces I didn't mention. As our store base ages, we have slower growth in our bigger older stores as you would imagine. We're now starting to put newer stores back into the base, which should help. We'll also be adding stores into existing markets, which help share -- doesn't necessarily help comps right away but helps share. So you have those factors as well. And then historically, we have -- our performance has been stronger in 1- to 3-year old than it has been in, say, 4 to 6. And 1- to 3-year old has shrunk even more than 1 to 6 because of the lack of new car sales. So when that starts to come back and we've seen the SAAR start to come back some, then that 1- to 6-year-old share number also should benefit a little bit from that.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That was my last question. When do you think we'll see the bottom in your addressable market as SAAR picks up? Is that a 2014 bottom?
Thomas J. Folliard: We have no idea. Hopefully, we already saw it. But it's hard to judge. But -- and if you look at the supply chain and you look at what's been sold over the last couple of years, we're still a year or 2 away from seeing the supply come back in 1- to 3-year-old cars. And it's one of the things I'm really proud of that we've been able to do is move our business model around with the changing conditions in the marketplace. And our business is really a diversified profit model between retail and wholesale and finance, and I think we take advantage of whatever is available to us at the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow up on market share. The 3% change in share was a little bit lower than it has been in previous years. And I'm wondering, was that pretty consistent through the year, or do you think that there's a point in time where maybe you went negative or you were lower than 3%? And if so, what do you attribute that to?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, one, Matt, you've been asking questions long enough to know we don't talk about trends during the year. It was 3% up for the year. All the reasons I just mentioned, I think, are contributing factors to a share gain that isn't as strong as the last 2 years. Last year, I think it was around 7 and the year before, we were in the double digits. But I'm pretty happy with our share growing every year. I'll take share gains every year.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Understood. And then just in terms of subprime increase and subprime. How much of that do you think was incremental and helped the comp this quarter? Or is there a way to kind of think about the impact that it may have had on used unit comps?
Thomas W. Reedy: It came as comp, Tom. I think a great amount of it was incremental. If you see the step-up, it was 9% last year, 15% this year. As I've mentioned, we did see credit quality through the door down but our partners, because they've gotten more experienced with the origination channel and how their portfolio has performed, have been delivering offers to our customers. They are offers that the customers are more likely to accept, and mainly that means better down payments. So we've seen a definite step-up in that, and it was impactful for the quarter.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, I know that you don't give guidance and you'll probably say that again. But as you look at 2013, is it possible that wholesale units will be down? How are you thinking about wholesale given sort of the strange comparisons? And then, do you have any feeling for whether we'll see net gains in -- from a reconditioning standpoint?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, the first part, you were absolutely right about, which is we don't give guidance. What I will say about wholesale is, wholesale is driven by appraisals and appraisal buy rate, and the number of cars we get through the lane that don't meet our retail standards. We do expect that if SAAR grows, that our appraisal lane traffic will grow. It's not exactly correlated, and I couldn't tell you what that's going to be. But if we saw a big movement in SAAR during the year, we would expect to do more appraisals. That would benefit us on the wholesale side. It would benefit us on the retail side because we'd buy more of those cars as well. Our buy rate can move with how the wholesale market moves, whether it's an appreciating market or depreciating market. We've been able to manage pretty well throughout. But there's no question that in an appreciating market, buy rate is helped. So there's just a lot of variable there that will yield whatever wholesale will yield this year, which is why we don't give any guidance on it. But I would say, as SAAR moves, we would expect appraisals to move. And what was the second part?
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just recon, your reconditioning savings expectations for this year.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. So we feel really good about the 250 that we've gotten so far, and that is sustainable. I've said all along that if there was any left, it was going to be the more difficult part to get. I think we originally talked about 300, and we've said the last 50 would be a lot harder than the first 250. I mean, it's really tough to say what will happen during the year and whether or not we'll get it. But that's about all I can say there. We're really pleased with the progress that we've made so far. One benefit that we've had over the last couple of years that we're now not having is we really didn't see a lot of inflation in parts and things like that a couple of years ago. And over the last year, we started to see inflation a little bit more, so we got to think about inflation adjusting, how we talk about reconditioning cost. But that's just been something -- clearly, we don't expect it to be true going forward that we really don't see any inflation in cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Elizabeth Lane on for John. What kind of inventory levels do you guys currently have in stores compared to what your ideal levels would be? And do you have a projection for U.S. new vehicle sales this year and how that increase in trade activity could help inventory?
Thomas J. Folliard: So one, we don't have a projection. We've always felt really good about our ability to react and adjust to whatever happens. That wouldn't -- our view is that if SAAR went up a bunch, that traffic would benefit and potentially, sales would benefit, and we would move our inventory accordingly. So it's not like because SAAR goes up that, that's going to change our inventory level. We'll move our inventory along with sales. Inventory year-over-year was roughly flat, probably up just for the new store difference. Our inventory turns for the quarter were a little over 8 compared to 7.5 last year. So turns were -- in the quarter, so turns were up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: A few questions. I guess, I know it's still relatively early but it appears that the new stores that you opened last year got off to a relatively good start. So just wondering how you feel about the new store productivity and whether there's any predictability there yet. And with price elasticity of demand, I know there's something you and I have talked about quite a bit over the over past few years. Are you seeing any indication of price elasticity of demand coming back with the consumer?
Thomas J. Folliard: So on the first one, it's still a little early for new stores. If you -- we opened up Cincinnati, Dayton and Augusta, which would now be in the comp store base. And then the 5 we opened last year, none of those will be comp stores. And it's still a little early to talk about that. I think over the next couple of quarters, we'll start reporting on -- we'll start thinking about reporting on new store performance as a group. And then the last question was?
Thomas W. Reedy: Elasticity.
Thomas J. Folliard: Elasticity. Yes, it's still not like it was before. And as you know, we're constantly adjusting and moving our prices and our margins to try to capture what we think is the optimal amount of both sales and margin. But in terms of moving price down a couple of hundred bucks and seeing it -- getting it all back in sales, we still don't see it.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Just one follow-up question. I guess on CarMax Auto Finance, I know you don't give guidance specifically for it. But would it be reasonable to expect the contribution from CarMax Auto Finance to grow a little bit less quickly this year than last year?
Thomas W. Reedy: Sharon, I don't think that's an unreasonable assumption. As we mentioned, during the course of fiscal 2012, we were taking back volume that we used to be selling off to our partners, which means our penetration was increasing during the year. And as I mentioned, we are back to the full spectrum of what we bought historically. So as far as opportunity, you take additional sales and support them with CAF without doing something different. From a credit perspective, we pretty much moved to where we were historically.
Thomas J. Folliard: And then, remember too, Sharon, it's not like the old accounting where if we got an 8% or 10% comp during any given year in the past, because of the way accounting worked, CAF would kind of grow along with it. And now that's going to get dampened because of the -- because of how you recognize earnings.
Thomas W. Reedy: Sharon, one other thing, if you remember at the beginning of the year, we mentioned that we had significant favorability and losses, and we saw some of that this quarter as well. So obviously, we have baked into our loss provision everything we think we're going to see over the next 12 months from a loss perspective. So one thing to keep in mind is FY '12 was helped by a favorability in losses. And obviously, we're not projecting that or it would be into our reserve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with the Credit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tom, have you given any thought to maybe selling an older mix of cars at retail? And I guess to your point earlier, if you combine the retail and the wholesale business, you're probably taking share in all classes of older ages of vehicles?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I talked about this last quarter and I mentioned in the script, our percentage of inventory that we retail that was between 5 and 10 years old. Now I'm going to go back to June of last year, roughly, our percentage of inventory was about 15% of what we retailed was between 5 and 10 years old. And then at the end of the third quarter, that number was up closer to 30%, north of 25%. So clearly, in a short period of time, about 6 months, we responded to consumer demand, and we shifted our inventory to that older mix. The reason it gets a little confusing is because we report 1 to 6. I just gave you 5 to 10, so that includes 5 and 6. And then in this last quarter, the one that just ended, that mix of sales was similar. So if you said what's your mix of 5- to 10-year-old sales this year compared to last year, it's up pretty significantly. So we absolutely have shifted towards older stuff, and because that's what the consumer is looking for.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And I know it's early days, can you just give any initial thoughts on Chattanooga because I know it's a slightly different format on a couple of respects? I'm curious what the -- some initial takeaways may be.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, it's a really good-looking store. We have a bunch of technology in there that we're excited about, and it's all working. So that's a plus. And it was a pretty enthusiastic store opening because of all the kind of exciting uses of technology and social media and some of the other stuff that we're using in the store. But in terms of result, it's just way too early to even talk about.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: What about anything on the labor model there or in smaller market stores that you can apply to either other stores now or other bigger stores?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we didn't really -- there's nothing there especially not this early. One thing to remember is this is -- it's an evolutionary change for us. It's a product of 18 years of history and adjusting our model accordingly. But we didn't reinvent the consumer offer in that store. We changed somewhat the way we deliver it. But we're still doing the same high-quality cars. We're still doing the 30-day warranty. We're still doing the 5-day money-back guarantee, still paying flat commissions to all of our sales people, so that our incentives are lined up in the consumers' best interest. We're still making a cash offer on every car. We're trying to do a better job delivering on the store. But the basics of the CarMax customer offer are all still there. And a lot of the components that we have designed into the store are pre-modular, and we can roll them back into the existing stores if we see them working. But again, it's just -- it's awfully early to be talking about sales in one store.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then second or third on CAF. Is it fair to assume that the loss rate ticked up because you're expanding the mix, or the mix of subprime is going up or there are some offsets? And then any update -- I think there was talk about potentially adding another subprime partner to the mix?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, the mix of subprime has nothing to do with CAF loss rate because those are done by a different lender.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, and we're texting other partners in both the Tier 2 space and the subprime space. And as soon as we have one that's enough of a critical mass, we'll talk about it.
Thomas J. Folliard: And the change in loss rate in total was absolutely just the change in the mix and taking back the stuff that we were doing -- that we used to do and didn't do and now do again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Dan Galves in for Rod this morning. Just I have a question on CAF. Versus Q3, it looked like the kind of the net interest margin as a percent of managed receivables declined a little bit, and the loan loss provision also declined somewhat. We have expected loan losses to kind of stay similar to Q3 on kind of your broader credit spectrum. Wondering if you could provide any color on kind of trends in those 2, what do you expect in trends in those 2 margin numbers going forward?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I can't give any visibility on what we expect in trends. But as far as during the quarter, we did see some favorability in our loan loss experience. Our wholesale recovery rate is still high, around 60% like it's been going. But what we've seen this quarter is a higher frequency of people paying to get current. It wasn't enough to be material about the number, but we did see some favorability in the quarter on losses. And as far as the APR. As I mentioned, in addition to taking back the higher risk and higher APR paper, we've also been pricing more aggressively with our higher FICO customers, so there's some offset there on the -- from the top line.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, got you. And then, on SG&A per unit, I mean, is there any kind of rule of thumb we should be looking at in terms of what level of comps, same-store comps you need for that SG&A per unit number to stay flat or not go up?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. I think we've historically set it. It's in the kind of mid-single digits, which -- and it's probably in the current environment since we're adding incremental stores vis-à-vis last year Remington. This year versus 5 last year, I'd look to the higher end of that kind of range.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, got you. And then one other one, in terms of more later-model vehicles, obviously used prices are pretty strong right now. Also we're seeing like a lot better fuel economy and connectivity and technology and some of the new vehicles that have come out in the last year. What are you seeing? Has there been any change in how people are evaluating a purchase of a late-model used car versus a late-model new car? Kind of what are you seeing when people are making that decision and any changes recently?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I don't know that any of that stuff has had an impact as much as just the economy and people's unwillingness to get involved in a loan or higher priced car. I think that's why we've seen the 0- to 6-year-old market decline for a few years in a row now. And new car sales, although they're up and everybody's happy about it, they're nowhere near where they used to be. It's 15, the SAAR was 15 in February. It was a little over 14 in March. We went 8, 9 years in a row with that number around $17 million. So I still think the customer is sitting back and waiting a little bit. I still don't think it’s back to where it was before. Despite all the things that you talked about with technology and changes in new cars that I think are all positive, the consumer is still not all the way back.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, got you. And one housekeeping, can you tell us what percentage of your retail sales came out of the appraisal lanes this quarter?
Thomas J. Folliard: That was a little over 50%.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is that about flat from last quarter?
Thomas J. Folliard: I think it was -- I think so. We'll get that for you.
Katharine W. Kenny: It was a little bit down from the last quarter, I think.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick follow-ups here. First of all, if you could sort of talk about the puts and takes on used vehicle gross profit per car in the current environment. You addressed reconditioning briefly, were any other moving pieces that you think are influencing that number?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, not really. It was relatively flat compared to last year. Our turns are up a little bit. That always helps but nothing really unusual on the quarter.
Matthew J. Fassler - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, secondly, can you talk about the distribution of outcomes among your markets? And I know you don't give market-by-market performance. But are you seeing the differences between markets get bigger, smaller, what things that refer from a number of retailers, is that as the environment has improved to some degree that dispersion has moderated somewhat? Are you seeing that in your numbers?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we haven't talk about that historically, Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Clint Fendley with Davenport.
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I know there were several adjustments related to the sale-leaseback for the year. I just wondered, should the depreciation run rate for fiscal '13 be similar to what we've seen in the fourth quarter?
Thomas W. Reedy: I think when you look at the adjusted numbers, you can get a good picture for that. It's in the cash book.
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so we should we expect the similar rate for the coming year then.
Thomas W. Reedy: Well, obviously, we're going to be adding new stores, which have probably planned equipment to get appreciated. But as far as the adjustment, it should be...
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: We're done with the adjustment.
Thomas W. Reedy: Absolutely, absolutely.
Clint D. Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: And switching gears for a second. And I know we've had several questions on market share growth. But I just wondered, is it reasonable to expect for you guys to get back to the previous growth rates now that you've resumed your store growth? And just kind of wondering, I mean, how much of the SAAR rate here is due to the tighter or tougher consumer environment versus your sort of lack of opening any stores for the last several years?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's hard to really quantify that's why I think the number of factors that I talked about earlier as it relates to market share. And we're hopeful that the games go back up, but it's nice to be explaining gains, so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King and Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: I was wondering if you could discuss current trends in the spread between new car prices and late-model used car prices. Are you seeing that widening at all? And if so, does that start to make your offerings a little more attractive to consumers?
Thomas J. Folliard: We haven't looked at that in a while. That's a good question. But the spreads, as our average retail has gone up since kind of the depth of the recession, our average retail went up $2,500 to $3,000. Over that same time period, we saw new cars, average new car price go up about $4,000. So probably it would have widened the spread a little bit more recently here. I actually don't -- I don't know the answer, but we haven't seen a move enough that we thought we should talk about it.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Understood. And on capital expenditures, you're budgeting about $280 million, that's a big increase from last year. I assume most of that is new stores. Are there any other major projects that are incorporated into that number?
Thomas W. Reedy: No, I think you're right that the lion's share of that is new stores and new land, et cetera, for future development. If you look back to what we were talking about in 2006, 2007, it's not out of line with the amount of spend we were projecting and spending at that point. There's always a certain amount of maintenance CapEx but for the most part, the increase is new stores.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Justin Ellstein with Stephens Inc.
Unknown Analyst: A number of my questions have already been answered but maybe just a couple of cleanups here. First question, just curious how much of that extra day in February helped the comp?
Thomas J. Folliard: Probably roughly 190th.
Unknown Analyst: Yes, okay. On the receivables balance, now that we're -- you've kind of caught up to the point where you are retaining all the lower quality credits.
Thomas J. Folliard: Below high quality. Yes, remember.
Unknown Analyst: I mean, just how quickly do you think you can grow that receivable balance going forward?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we -- go ahead, Tom.
Thomas W. Reedy: I was going to say, that is -- there is a -- there's a number of things that are going to drive that. And all else equal, the interest margin stays the same. Over time, you would see that portfolio grow similar with sales and which makes sense. But in a period of escalating growth, it might lag a bit because remember, we recognize the profit on these transactions over the life of the loan, not upfront. It's a portfolio. And our penetration average selling prices interest margin, those things all impact income. But all else equal, over the long term, it should go with the business unless we change our approach.
Unknown Analyst: Sure. And can you just tell us what the total delinquencies were at the end of this quarter?
Thomas W. Reedy: I want to get back to [indiscernible] and we'll get to that back up.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, I'll just go into the next question. Given supply constraints still likely for this year, what kind of pricing benefit are you anticipating that we could see?
Thomas J. Folliard: I'm not sure we see a pricing benefit in supply constraint. That generally in the past has led to higher prices. But we don't know what's going to happen with SAAR and the supply chain. I'm not really sure what your question was.
Unknown Analyst: Well, with limited supply in units, I mean, are you anticipating any benefit in pricing? Do you think you can raise prices again this year?
Thomas J. Folliard: No. I'm not sure. We manage it on a pretty short window of time. We're managing our inventory and pricing pretty much every day. So we're going to do whatever the market allows us to do.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. You do have -- I apologize, you do have a question from David Whiston from Morningstar.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry if I missed this at the beginning, but did you give the appraisal buy rate yet?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it was a little over 29%.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: 29%. And to each of the Toms -- in your investor presentations, you used to have what you call your iceberg slide where you laid out your 5 components of sustainable competitive advantage. And in your opinion -- for each of your opinions, I'd just like to hear what do you think is the single most important contributor to that business model?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, in my opinion, I don't think there is a single one. I think it's a combination of all of the factors together that differentiate us from the competition. And I think one of the reasons we showed the iceberg like we did is to just give a visual understanding of how complex the behind-the-scenes stuff is in this business to do and do well. And I think that we're continuing to learn every year, and we're continuing to make strides every year in those areas. But the whole idea behind that slide was that what you see, what the consumer sees, what the competitors see, what investors see from the look and feel of the building, from walking in, from shopping in our store is only a small piece of actually delivering the consumer offer. So to me, there is no one thing.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I guess I would echo that. But I would add that over time, I think the competitive advantage that Tom mentioned is we've evolved into 3 real strong businesses that are complementary and deliver. We've got the retail business with all of the add-ons that go with that, the wholesale business and a very strong finance business. And the iceberg really doesn't capture that. It's more our competitive advantage from an operating perspective. But I think, that's the key that over time we've grown into a pretty diversified set of revenue streams.
Thomas J. Folliard: That's a really good point. If we redid our iceberg, we have to put wholesale and CarMax Auto Finance under the waterline and make the bottom bigger.
David Whiston - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, I agree. You guys just kill your competitors in wholesale. I mean, how long can you keep those margins up?
Thomas J. Folliard: I think we don't look at it as what we're doing against the competition. It's a business segment for us that has customers. And we market to those customers. We provide great customer service. Our dealers are loyal, they're consistent. We have -- I think we have the highest dealer attendance ratios in all of the -- in auctioning. We're now the third largest auction chain in the United States. Again, we have really consistent attendance. We have phenomenal ratios. And we're pretty upfront with those customers. They know what they're buying from us. We stand but for the most part, stand behind what we sell. We make announcements on the condition of those cars, and I think it's allowed our business to continue to grow. We just -- we run that business as a separate business, and we run it differently than what the competition does so...
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Thomas J. Folliard: All right. Thank you again for joining us. And as we close the year and start a new one, I just want to once again thank all of our associates for all your hard work, all your dedication. And I'd also like to express our thanks for the support and confidence of our customers and our investors. We'll talk to you again next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2011-12-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas J. Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc. Unknown Analyst Amy L. Carroll - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jordan Hymowitz Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Ashley, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn today's conference over to Katharine Kenny. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.
Katharine W. Kenny: Good morning. Thanks, Ashley and happy holidays to everyone. Thank you for joining our Fiscal 2012 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Senior Vice President and CFO. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them.  For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2011, filed with the SEC. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. We're pleased again to report solid financial results despite soft used unit comps. We believe our comps continue to be a reflection of weak economic conditions and low consumer confidence. In addition, we had an extremely difficult comparison to 16% comps in last year's third quarter. But as we said last quarter, we remain focused on our long-term growth and we are excited to report this quarter on our store opening plans for the next 4 years. First, let me highlight some of the key factors that contributed to our results as compared to last year's third quarter. Total gross profit for CarMax increased by 2%, driven by growth in our retail and wholesale gross profit. Gross profit per used unit grew by 3% to $2,171. Our wholesale unit sales grew by 13% and wholesale gross profit per unit grew by $36 to $914. Our appraisal buy rate was 29%, higher than historic levels but slightly lower than last year's buy rate. CAF quarterly income grew by 12% to $62.6 million. During the quarter, our mix of vehicles changed somewhat. Sales of older vehicles 5-years plus increased to approximately 30% of sales compared with 16% a year ago and 24% in the second quarter. Meanwhile, sales of SUVs and trucks increased a few percentage points to 31%, up from 28%, while sales of smaller, more fuel-efficient vehicles decreased to 32%, down from around 35%. Our mix will clearly vary over time in reaction to market demand, again, reflecting the strength of our model and how quickly we can adjust our inventory mix to meet the needs of our customers. Now I'll ask Tom to share some information about CAF and our other lenders. Tom?
Thomas W. Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. As Tom mentioned, CAF income this quarter increased $7 million or 12% compared to the third quarter fiscal 2011. CAF portfolio grew 11%. Net loans originated were up 34% compared with the third quarter fiscal '11 due to continued higher CAF penetration and the increase in average selling prices.  CAF's net penetration for the quarter was approximately 38%, which is similar to last quarter and up from 29% last year. As we discussed previously, we have elected to retain a greater portion of loans that CAF had historically approved. And our good business for CarMax, but in recent had been purchased by third-party partners.  The provision for loan losses grew by $6.5 million year-over-year, largely due to the fact that we originated and retained more loans with greater credit risk. CAF's interest margin expanded to $89 million, 7.4% of average managed receivables versus 6.9% in Q3 of that fiscal '11. As far as the components of interest margin, interest and fee income grew by $7.5 million as the increase in managed receivables more than offset the decline in interest income as a percent of managed receivable. And portfolio interest expense fell $7.4 million year-over-year as older higher-cost securitizations pay down and the deals with lower interest expense continue to become a greater portion of our financing. Third-party subprime penetration grew to 9% of sales compared with 8% last year. This increase in subprime loans, which our lenders buy from us at a discount, as well as CAF's decision to retain more loans, were the primary drivers between our decrease in other sales and revenues.  During the quarter, access to financing for our customers continued to be as high as ever. More than 85% of customers who applied for financing in our stores received an approval from at least one of our in-house lenders. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you. Also during the quarter, we opened up our North Attleborough store, which is our first store in Massachusetts and first in the Providence, Rhode Island market. We expect to open our Chattanooga, Tennessee store in the fourth quarter. In addition to the 6 stores we previously announced that will open in the first half of our next fiscal year, we also reported our planned openings for the third quarter. These include 3 stores in new CarMax markets; one in Des Moines, Iowa and 2 in Denver, Colorado. We plan to open 10 stores in fiscal 2013 and we are pleased to announce our future plans to open between 10 and 15 stores in each of the following 3 fiscal years.  And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Quick question first on the pressure on the same-store sale units. I'm just wondering, Tom, if you have any rule of thumb for when new car sales pick up, those trade-ins become available in the market and they eventually flow into your stores in the form of sales. Because it seems like the pressure that we've seen from the summer months and the lack of trade-ins from those depressed sales levels in the summer may actually be what's driving some of the weakness in your units now. Just trying to understand how that flow works and how you think about that going forward?
Thomas J. Folliard: We don't necessarily have a rule of thumb. And what we've always believed, and still do, is that directionally, we'll move with SAAR. And if SAAR continues to go up, we think that's good for our business. We think it's good for sales. The benefit you have seen from the increase in SAAR is the amount of cars we're buying through our appraisal lane, which is part of the activity that goes along with new car sales. And you've seen it in our wholesale numbers and you've seen it in our self-sufficiency number, which is the percent of cars that we sell at retail that we bought through the appraisal lane. So again, we're not concerned for a little bit of these short-term, I would call them disconnects with SAAR because we still believe that over time, we're going to move along with SAAR.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, got you. Then second question, gross profit per unit at $2,171 is holding in pretty strong. I'm just wondering if you've been running any of those tests on price elasticity of demand just to see if you could maybe drop that a little bit and drive better volume and really what the breakpoints are as you think about those levels, if as you get down to $2,000, could you get that same-store unit growth flat or maybe up a little bit? I'm just trying to understand what you guys have been seeing in the market lately on price elasticity of demand and the impact.
Thomas J. Folliard: We still haven't seen much, John. With 107 stores now in 50 markets, it's easier for us to run tests on a pretty continuous basis. We're pretty pleased with our ability to manage our margin consistently through all kinds of different volatility in the marketplace. Our last 12 quarters have been between $2,000 and $2,200 roughly, a pretty tight band of managing margin despite all kinds of volatility in lots of different areas so we're pretty pleased with our ability to do that, and we'll always be running cash for pricing around elasticity to see if we can drive incremental sales. So it's always -- if you ask me, if we ran at $2,000, would we have sold more cars? Probably. But it's very difficult to ascertain and when we do run the tests, it doesn't -- the elasticity is not there like it used to be.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, if we look at the 107 stores you have right now, if we maxed out on your store openings, you'd have 162 stores by 2016. I'm just curious, as you look at the ramp-up costs and the infrastructure in your systems and your human capital, your people, I mean, do you think that you have the infrastructure in place to really support that and there wouldn't be big incremental sort of central costs that would come in, it would just really be store cost to support those 162 stores?
Thomas J. Folliard: It would probably ratable growth with all the things that go along with that. So we opened up 3 stores a year ago, 5 this year. We've said 8 to 10 next year, 10 to 15 the year after. So when you ramp up like that, not -- we don't have to do anything for 3 years out other than really look for real estate and prepare for those kind of things. We don't have to start adding overhead. We don't have to change our advertising model. So I think some of the SG&A that you'd expect to go with growth is going to come over time.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So quite simply, there should be some operating leverage from the incremental stores over time?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I think leverage, if we're going to ramp at the speed that we expect to ramp, leverage is going to depend on comps. And with very low -- if we run low comps, which we, of course, hope to do better than that, then I wouldn't expect much leverage. But at the same time, I still think it's the right decision long term. If we run bigger comps, then I think we can both grow the business and get some leverage.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Himanshu Patel for JPMorgan.
Amy L. Carroll - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Amy Caroll on for Himanshu. Yes, just following on some of John's point and what you guys wrote in the press release. Of the factors you listed, how would you rank those factors in terms of their impact between the tough comps and the year over -- and I guess market conditions right now?
Thomas J. Folliard: I don't know that we could really rank them. It's -- we really just talked about the tough economy as a whole and consumer confidence, so I don't know that we could rank to come up with why we ended up at negative 3. And remember we had a really tough comparison as well.
Amy L. Carroll - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, what are you seeing so far in December?
Thomas J. Folliard: We won't comment on anything in this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So my first question is could you just talk to the implications of a lower priced mix or the mix to lower-priced vehicles on your gross profit per unit? Clearly, it didn't matter at all this quarter, and I know in the past, you said that, that doesn't necessarily mean lower dollars per unit. But could you just kind of walk through that?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. It -- obviously it didn't matter this quarter. And in terms of our ability to get margin, if it's an older car and it's in great shape and we bring it up to our high-quality standard, which we do on all of our cars and have not lowered our standards one bit, our ability to get margin on those cars is just as strong as it is on any other segment of inventory. So where -- if the consumer wants to buy an older car, we're happy to sell it. And in terms of its impact on margin, it doesn't really have much.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, your provision for loan losses was up a good bit from last quarter, but obviously, we didn't see any deterioration in the credit metrics. So I'm assuming that this is a function of cash expansion into -- to essentially originate more of the loans that they were sending to third parties. But could you just talk to that?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, Matt. As we mentioned in the call, we're retaining a greater portion of the loans and greater retention of the portfolio overall. Those loans that we taken back from the third parties are at the bottom end of the credit spectrum of what we've become accustomed to approving and living with. So as we ramp up and are increasing the proportion of those loans in the portfolio, remember it's going to take a couple years to kind of normalize and get to the point where the proportion of those loans in the overall portfolio is equal to the proportion that we're originating today. You -- it wouldn't be unexpected for us to see that loss provision going up over time as we normalize there. That's assuming all else is equal, loss experience. So the greatest part of the increase in the provision is due to expansion in volume and in credit quality of what we're doing.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So but it's not really one-time true-up. I mean, it is a number that there could be some upward pressure on the provision as the mix changes over time?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, Matt. We look at the provision every quarter and we take a forward-looking view on losses based on what we're adding to the portfolio and what experience we're having with the loans that are already in the existing portfolio. So yes. And as I mentioned, as we -- as this lower credit stuff begins to ramp up and become a greater portion of the portfolio, I wouldn't be surprised to see loan losses going up until it normalizes.
Thomas J. Folliard: Right. But don't forget, Matt, that, that comes along with upward pressure on profits. To offset.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes. Obviously, we intend to price for that and collect more interest income or interest in fees as a result and make more money than we would by giving it to third parties.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, makes sense. And then lastly, your -- on the store growth that you announced this morning, could you just talk to the mix of production and non-production stores and then also, new and existing markets? Not just this year, but really over the next few years?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's -- we're going to build whatever we need to do the production that's required for the stores that we build. And I know that sounds a little simplistic, but it's not necessarily the mix of production and non-production stores. If we went to a bigger market and found we could build one giant production store and have 3 satellites, that would be fine with us. If we needed to build because of real estate availability, if we had 2 production stores and 2 satellites, that would be fine with us too. So we're going to build whatever is necessary based on the markets that we're going in and make sure we have the right number of acreage and production to support our sales. And the mix of markets will be, as we've said before and still believe, right now about half new markets about half filling out the existing markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I have a few questions. So the gross profit per car growth on the used side was, I think it's the strongest we've seen in over a year. And just I'm sure it's probably something as simplistic as inventory management, which sounds simple on my side but it's hard to do on your side. But is there anything that really went into that gross profit growth in the quarter? And then on sourcing of older cars, I know historically, it's been a little bit of a challenge to find enough cars that meet your quality standards. Is there something different you did from sourcing?
Thomas J. Folliard: On the first question, the margin didn't move much from the second quarter. So are you talking here about the growth from third quarter over third quarter?
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Right.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. I'd say it's just more of a reflection of where we came from. So -- and within the $50 or $60 that's -- it's a bit of -- we can't target it that closely. We're shooting for a range and we come within the range, if we're up a few bucks or down a few bucks, that's not anything to look into. And on the second question, in terms of older stuff, we've always bought a lot of this stuff through the appraisal lane and we've sold a good portion of it. So even last year, it was -- 15% of our sales were over 5 years old and the second quarter was 24% of our sales. And the answer is some of those cars come from cars that would've gone to wholesale that we just decided that either there wasn't enough demand for them but we were still buying them and making the decision to wholesale them, or the -- we weren't sure about whether or not we could recondition them up to our standards. So over the last couple of quarters, we've just moved more of those cars over and taking chances, and seen, can we get it through the shop? Can get up to our standard? And that's allowed us to source more cars through the appraisal lane. And then we've gotten better and more effective at buying those cars off-site. Just as a rule over the past several years, we just don't buy a lot of those cars off-site. And as our systems have continued to improve and as our direction we give to our buyers has continued to improve, we've done a much better job of sourcing those cars off-site as well.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. But you haven't changed your quality standards?
Thomas J. Folliard: We have not.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question, I guess. As you're thinking about the store growth through 2016 or fiscal 2016, I know I think at one point you guys had a think tank on kind of the CarMax of the future. So I mean what should we look at in terms of refinements for the stores over the next several years?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, that's a little far out. My guess is that whatever we're working on, it'll be different by 2016, and I think we've been able to be fairly nimble with making adjustments to our building and what it looks like and the amount of acreage that's required to build our stores. And I expect to be a much more efficient company in 2016 than we are today. In terms of giving you the specifics of how that would shake out, I don't really know. We've talked about our next-generation store, which is going to be in Chattanooga in February, but I expect that the stores after that will also be adjusted accordingly as we learn more and more from not only that store, but all these other adjustment that we're making on our existing stores.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the new store format. Does the number you contemplate include any of the smaller store formats that you had talked about? Or would this be more along the lines of the traditional format?
Thomas J. Folliard: We put a range out there and it's fairly flexible, but we do contemplate some smaller stores in that mix. And the exact number, we don't know yet.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: But it would be included in that 10 to 15 range?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, yes.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then I know you don't like to comment on specific stores, but would you say the new stores themselves that you've opened this year performed at least in line with your expectations? Or have you learned anything that maybe allowed those stores to accelerate?
Thomas J. Folliard: We haven't talked about the performance of our new stores yet, and they really haven't been open that long. So we'll update on that when we get a little more time behind us.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: But perhaps fair to assume that the traditional ramp that you saw should be what we would expect on these new stores that you open up?
Thomas J. Folliard: We haven't changed our assumptions on the ramp. The starting point is something that is difficult to figure out when we had such a big drop during the recession. And as you saw, we're still not back to where we were before. So the starting point's a little more difficult to figure out. But in terms of store growth over time, we haven't changed our assumptions there. But what changed is our profitability per car sold, so in terms of making the same return we expected before, we can do it at a lower sales volume than we used to.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then from a modeling perspective, it's helpful to know about when you would expect to open these new stores. And I know you can't predict that, but would you say that it's fairly easy to balance the opening of stores over the course of the year such that each quarter would be about the same? Or is there seasonality to it?
Thomas J. Folliard: We have enough experience with our growth from before that we try to balance it. It's just easier on the organization to have it balanced. It's easier for staffing. It's easier for planning to balance it throughout the year. So yes, it's our goal to have it as balanced as possible.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And last question, how high would you be willing to let that subprime mix go? I know you're basically happy to sell a subprime car because you offer a better deal than maybe some Buy Here Pay Here dealers, but how high do you think that metric could actually go?
Thomas W. Reedy: I think you answered the question yourself. At any given -- on any given sale, we're happy to have that transaction, because the one thing we know is that customer is not going to be a CarMax customer any other way, they’ve not been approved by either CarMax Auto Finance or one of our Tier 2 lenders, so it's an incremental customer to us. That number moves seasonally. We usually see it go up during tax season. But as far as what the -- we don't have a specific target or goal for that mix, and it's something we can think about long term. But as I said, on any given day, you want to take every one you can get.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: The first question I want to ask, and it's a topic we've discussed a lot over the last few quarters, but assuming that one of the bigger pressures upon your used car business has been the artificially high used car prices and to tag along some comments you made, Tom, in your prepared remarks, we have started to see the SAAR pick up now. As you look underneath your business maybe some of – what I’d consider some of the leading indicators of your business, are you starting to see that used car pricing at auction ease a bit, maybe with some of the inventory you've taken recently even through the third quarter, we may see some relief on -- at least on that pressure over the next -- into the fourth quarter and into 2012?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we have seen -- if you look at some of the external data, you've seen some moderation in pricing but -- and even with our move towards older cars, which are lower retail price, our average retail for the quarter was still off compared to last year's third quarter. So I think the SAAR has got a long way to go before we start to see some real movement down on pricing due to supply. We're still in a supply constrained environment. If you look at the last, I guess, it's 4 or 5 years and you compare the SAAR, the actual SAAR to what the average SAAR was for several years prior to that, there's about 20 million cars missing from the supply chain. And until we get some movement, and it's a few years’ worth, I'm not sure that we're going to see any dramatic change.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. The second question I wanted to ask is on the -- on your self -- I guess the percent self-sufficiency we saw in the quarter, the improvement there, maybe some more color on kind of what really -- what's driving that and how should we think about that, the aspect of your business going forward?
Thomas J. Folliard: So for the quarter, that number was up over 60%. It might be an all-time high for the company. We hit 50% in the second quarter and that was the first time we had hit 50% since pre-recession times. So some of it is, to be honest, we sold less cars than we thought we would sell. We certainly didn't plan for a negative 3 nor did we plan for a negative 2 in the second quarter, and so self-sufficiency has helped a little bit by that. And then the movement in the SAAR does help our appraisal volume. And as we have talked about over several quarters, we've had a disconnect in our appraisal volume increase compared to the -- compared to our retail sales. Remember our wholesale volume, which is just one piece of appraisal volume, was up 23% in the second quarter, 32% in the first quarter despite sales being up in the first quarter 6 and down in the second quarter 2, and even in this quarter, up 13 compared to a negative 3. So some of it is just this unique dynamic of higher appraisal volumes than what we're getting through the -- through our higher appraisal volumes compared to what we're selling.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So in -- how should we think about the gross margin implication of that higher self-sufficiency rate? I mean how much more profitable is a car that you buy for a trade-in versus a...
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we've always said those cars are more profitable than what we buy off-site, and they are. But what we've -- what we're pretty good at is managing margins on the different segments to try to maximize and optimize our sales. So you've seen our margin, as I mentioned earlier for the last 12 quarters at a pretty consistent band, our self-sufficiency during that time has been as low as 30 and as high as over 60. So I feel really good about our ability to manage margin. If we have a segment that's more profitable, we might use those extra dollars to reduce prices on other cars to try and optimize and maximize our sales. So margin for us is not just what you see in the reported number across. It's a pretty complex process of managing by segment, managing by source, managing by year, mileage, band and trying to figure out what's the best way to sell the most cars possible. So I wouldn't look at it and say wow, if self-sufficiency goes way up or way down, we expect to see big swings in margin per car because we have seen it go way up and way down and we've been able to deliver a margin in a pretty consistent range.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just one final question. And I know as you and I have spoke over the last, really since the economic downturn, but I've always kind of – but I think the tone from CarMax has been that you were headed to really reaccelerate growth until you got some clarity in the macro environment in the internal operations. And we've seen over the last few quarters, you've suddenly accelerated your growth plans and say you come out with an announcement that’s very encouraging, kind of a longer-term growth plan, which is I think higher than most people were expecting. Should -- as we're looking at this announcement kind of read-between-the-lines, should we take that as some indication that you're incrementally favorable now upon what you're seeing in your business as well as your outlook for the macro environment for the used car business?
Thomas J. Folliard: I think you should take it as, if things don't get any worse and we can continue to manage our business the way we have in terms of efficiencies and margins, then that's our growth plan. If things got worse, we would cut back. And if things got better, I feel like we put out a range that would cover that. So I wouldn't look at it as optimism or as anything other than right now, those are our plans, and if things don't change for us, we think we can deliver on those plans. We're very excited about it. But in terms of making any outlook on the economy going forward, we're not in a position to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Brinkman with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: On market share, I know that CNW industry used car sales are, to some extent, a guesstimate, maybe at best. But they reported that in your August quarter, industry sales rose 2% year-over-year when you fell 2%, suggesting perhaps 4 percentage points of market underperformance. In the November quarter, they're reporting that sales were up 6% versus you down 3%, suggesting now a 9-point underperformance. Could you please talk about what factors you think might be contributing to this implied same-store share loss? And to the extent perhaps that you think these factors are cyclical rather than structural in nature?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, we'll talk about market share at the end of the year, as we have said in the past. And when we look at market share we use internal data sources that we buy throughout the year in the markets that we operate in. CNW has not been as reliable a source for us to determine whether or not the market's growing or shrinking. So we don't really look at it. But at the end of year, we'll let you know how it looks from our internal data.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then I know that you've already addressed gross profit per car on the retail side in a couple of ways, but, Tom, I seem to remember you saying on the call last year that the seasonal trend in gross profit per car from August and November quarters tends to about minus $100. But you guys didn't really experience any sequential decline and so it does sort of suggest that there was something which provided upward pressure on gross profit per car during quarter. Did you maybe realize any gains on the reconditioning front or benefit from the significantly higher in-house sourcing? Was that enough to explain the outperformance of seasonal trend there?
Thomas J. Folliard: You remember last year that it did go down a little bit, but the 2 years prior, it didn't go down at all. I'm -- we're not really sure what normal is anymore, because 5 years prior to that, it went down pretty much every second to third quarter. Last year, when it went down a little bit, we attributed it to a more normal depreciation schedule throughout the year. And this year has been, I'd say, somewhat normal in terms of depreciation. So there's a lot of factors that go into it, and a lot of things you mentioned are part of it, including self-sufficiency that helps margin a little bit obviously. So I just wouldn't read into it too much. It's not a big enough movement for anybody to get concerned about, at least not on our side.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, then. And then just last question. Given that you must be paying, and I imagine, fewer commission dollars on retail vehicles sold there in the quarter on a year-over-year basis. Can you speak to the primary drivers the higher SG&A dollars year-over-year? Is this primarily related investments, say, to drive the store growth that you talked about earlier?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. The SG&A in the quarter is driven by a combination of things. But as you said, although selling expenses would've been down a little bit, we did increase our commission for our sales consultants during the year, which offset the decline in sales. And in terms of the rest of SG&A, it's around building for growth and investing in our future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Albertine with Stifel, Nicolaus.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to drill down a little bit more on the wholesale business and was hoping you could shed some light on kind of the opportunity as you see it longer term, to continue gaining share there? And then relatedly, maybe drill down a little bit or in a little more detail on the appraisal trends you saw during the quarter, whether in terms of aggregate number or conversion rates, but any sort of detail there would be helpful.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. As we've said in the past, wholesale has outpaced retail growth and it moderated some in the quarter. It's really difficult to figure out what our share is of that. It's -- when you get into that older stuff, the market is gigantic and we're a tiny, tiny player in it. We are the third largest auction chain now in the U.S. but all of our auction volume comes in the caliber of car that doesn't meet our retail standard, and it's only cars that we source through the appraisal lane. So it's not like we're out there trying to buy those cars and then sell them in the auction. We sell whatever we get through the appraisal lane that doesn't meet our standard. I'm not sure how we could predict what that wholesale volume will look like going forward.
James J. Albertine - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess relatedly, could you drill down on the appraisal trends this quarter relative to maybe last quarter on a year-over-year basis, either an aggregate number or what you're seeing on the conversion rates in general?
Thomas J. Folliard: So we talked about buy rate being the 29%, and I think that was slightly off of last year, which was around 30%. And appraisal volume was up some year-over-year but not up as much as it has been in the second quarter and the first quarter of this year. So it goes right along with that number. If our -- you look at our wholesale volume of -- our wholesale increases this year, 32%, 23% and 13%. Appraisal volumes in terms of a comparison to last year moves pretty much like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Tom, do you think you guys would have better sales, used unit sales if you have more late-model inventory available?
Thomas J. Folliard: As long as the customers that wanted to buy them came along with it.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: No. Well, seriously, I guess, my question is this a supply -- do you think you have a supply-driven issue in terms of sales?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, I think we have a demand-driven issue. If customers came in and wanted to buy more of those cars, we would go buy more of those cars. Despite the fact that there's less of those cars available, there's still a huge number of those cars out there. We're a tiny, tiny percentage of late-model used cars in the U.S. We move our inventory along with demand. It's not like we don't sell those cars. We actually sell probably more of those cars than anybody else. And if that segment of inventory was turning faster, we would go out and buy more of those cars. But I think some people get a little wrapped up when we talk about supply constraint; it absolutely is a supply-constrained environment, but there are tons of cars out there.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. So you don't think -- because you had mentioned $20 million void there, whatever the phrase there would be...
Thomas J. Folliard: 20 million cars, yes.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, 20 million cars that just aren't there. So you don't think that necessarily impacts your business?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, I think it does impact our business. I think that's why our sales are -- dropped by 1/4 during the recession and have yet to fully recover. But I do think it's connected. You can't really say it's just if there was more supply, I don't know that, that's going to make a consumer decide to come out and spend $20,000 per car and sign a loan for 6 or 7 years. I still think there's enough uncertainty in the economy that we're just not seeing the demand that we saw pre-recession. I mean, if we would see higher volumes in our stores, we'd see higher traffic on our website and we would respond to that.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And do you think pricing has played a role in that demand issue?
Thomas J. Folliard: I think it's hard to figure out, but it would be hard for me to imagine that it hasn't because pricing for similar cars today compared to, for example, the fall of '08, we're largely selling about the same stuff, but it has a $3,000 higher average retail than it did in the fall of '08. And I got to think that has some impact on people's decision-making. So that's just another impact on the lack of supply.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But I thought you said earlier you really haven't seen much elasticity, so I guess I'm trying to just reconcile the 2.
Thomas J. Folliard: We haven't seen much elasticity because we don't see a lot of elasticity when we move our prices by a couple hundred bucks when you're talking about $19,000. So it's different than if...
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I got it. So it’s to drive a price point.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, we turn about a $3,000 move in average resell and if we lower our prices by $200, I don't think -- we haven't seen that to make much of a difference.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Nelson with Stephens.
N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I'd like to ask about collateral spreads on the last 2 securitizations. It looks kind of like the spread came down a bit with the most recent deal. Would've thought it would have gone the other direction with the decision to underwrite more lower-quality credits.
Thomas W. Reedy: Well, remember a couple things. One is that actually, if you adjust for the fact that we hedge those deals, the spread between APR and our coupon on those bonds is very similar deal to deal. And APRs I think if you look at over the last 4 public deals, have hung in there at right about 9% or just a little bit under. So I don't think we'll be seeing a disconnect in this particular transaction, but it's obviously something you can keep an eye on going forward.
N. Richard Nelson - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Right, got you. And the decision to underwrite these lower quality credits, how do you think that impacted profitability in the quarter? Was it accretive? Ones that you amortize over the life of the loan versus the upfront fees?
Thomas W. Reedy: Right. If you look at the decision overall and what's going on throughout the year, we believe it is essentially neutral in the quarter, maybe moderately accretive. But for the year, we think it'll be a little bit accretive, nothing material.
Thomas J. Folliard: But for the life of the loan, it's a no-brainer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Credit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A couple questions on the other gross profit piece. Can you provide a little more detail, maybe parse out the -- what happened in terms of lower fees versus the service department? And then how should we think about that segment going forward? Is there some timing, if you're getting lower fees, is that going be made up in another division and is there a little timing gap that we should think about?
Thomas W. Reedy: I think the way -- with regard to the shortfall in service, the way we account for service contemplates costs associated with reconditioning and some -- and fixed overhead in there, and we try to apply it on a per car basis. So when we see a shortfall in units, you're going to see a deleveraging in the service department and an impact on what we report as profit. But I mean, over time, meaning over several years, yes, we absolutely try to predict that correctly. But we're not always going right. In fact, we're rarely going to be right off the bat.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then but in the lower third-party fees, is -- that's because is the CAF penetration absorbing some of that?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, absolutely. From the perspective of lower finance fees, it's twofold. One is that CAF is taking more volume and that reduces third-party fees. And also, as you saw, there's a step-up in subprime penetration from our third-party buyers. And if you remember, we pay them a discount on every loan. So the combination of those 2 things drove the decrease in third-party finance.
Thomas J. Folliard: But in terms of that fee being offset, even though it may not be more than offset in the quarter, it's way more than offset over the life of the deal.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. And that's what I wanted to confirm. That makes sense. Okay. And then second on the store growth, for next year I think it originally was 8 to 10, now you're going to do 10. For the out years, what's going to be the difference in doing 10 versus 15 stores? I mean, assuming the macro is cooperative, is it just real estate? Or do you want -- is 15 the plan and depends on real estate?
Thomas J. Folliard: That 10 to 15 is a range that we're comfortable with and we think covers our ability to fluctuate based on how well the economy is going. I mean, that's largely going be the driver to move within that band. Right now, in terms of real estate availability, in terms of our ability to ramp up our staffing and ramp up all the things necessary to deliver, we feel comfortable that we can deliver within that range.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly on the wholesale business, and this is asked in a couple different ways. The outlook for next year for units in that wholesale world, at least in the auction lane, is not great. You're taking tremendous share. You're going be cycling some excellent growth rates next year. How do you think that plays out? You said earlier SAAR goes up. That should increase appraisal traffic some more. Do you sort of comp those very difficult numbers from a year ago and keep the gross profit rates high?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. We don't -- we're not really giving guidance going forward, and we're just going to do the best we can with the volume that we get. But as I said earlier, I don't think our share in average car 10 years old, average miles, over 100,000. Our share is actually very, very small in that segment of what's sold annually in the U.S. And I don't know how it's measured or how it could be measured of whether or not we're taking share from other auctions since we're not trying to get dealers to bring -- we don't get any dealers to bring any cars to our auction. It's only what we buy through the appraisal lane. So the movement, I think as I said earlier, if SAAR moves considerably, we would expect our appraisal volumes to move as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Jordan Hymowitz with Philadelphia Financial.
Jordan Hymowitz: Two small things. What is your average FICO or LTV this quarter versus, say, 2 quarters ago? And what's originated in that overall portfolio?
Thomas J. Folliard: Hold on, Jordan, we'll get that for you.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, we’ve just got to dig it.
Katharine W. Kenny: We're looking.
Thomas J. Folliard: What's your other question?
Jordan Hymowitz: When you just -- you gave more disclosure this quarter, or maybe I just noticed it this quarter, on the breakout of the Auto Finance income and you've always disclosed just the other direct costs related to the Auto Finance business. Do you have a sense of magnitude of the indirect costs? I mean, if I assume it's like $20 million a quarter, is that a good guess or is it very difficult to break out?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's very difficult to break out and probably, there's enough detail that you might want to call us after, because I'm not really sure we can give you all of those answers right there.
Katharine W. Kenny: Yes, Jordan, this is Katharine, just give me a call later today and we'll talk in more detail. We can get to the FICO. The FICO information and the LTV is also in our webdoc that we put out, the updated version on our website but we can talk that through to give you color.
Thomas J. Folliard: And that's not new, Jordan. That's been in there the whole time.
Jordan Hymowitz: No, right. I'm just wondering this quarter one, is this current quarter number out?
Katharine W. Kenny: No. It will come out in January.
Thomas J. Folliard: It’ll come out in January.
Jordan Hymowitz: Could you give, if not the exact number, just the magnitude?
Thomas W. Reedy: I can give you the beginning of kind of Q2 to -- Q2 last year to Q2 this year. It’s trended down slightly. It was slightly over 100 in – I mean 700 in fiscal '10, and now kind in the upper middle 600s.
Jordan Hymowitz: And the lowest this got, if I remember, was like 640, 650. Is that about where it’s trending again?
Katharine W. Kenny: It's been about 680, Jordan.
Jordan Hymowitz: Say that again, I'm sorry?
Katharine W. Kenny: Our average historically has been about 680.
Thomas W. Reedy: If you look over time back in 2005, 2006 timeframe, we averaged about 675, 680 for the entire portfolio. In recent years, we've had a higher FICO because we've deliberately dialed back on the lower credit and farmed that off to some of our partners. And now we're moving back into a similar range than we've been in the past. We're not quite back there yet but...
Jordan Hymowitz: Okay. So the loss reserves should probably reflect the same numbers that you had in the past as well then?
Thomas W. Reedy: The loss reserve’s going to reflect whatever is going on in the current environment based on what we're putting into the portfolio. Our expectation in loss for that and what we originate, I mean, and what we experienced with the existing loans in the portfolio. And we have to look at that every quarter on a forward-looking basis. So I can't make any comment about what it'll look like vis-á-vis 2 years ago, 3 years ago.
Jordan Hymowitz: And are you financing any of your auction sales at this point as well to facilitate that?
Thomas J. Folliard: No.
Thomas W. Reedy: No..
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Could you talk about the overall customer traffic and conversion rates during the quarter?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes. So sales were down 3, traffic was up slightly and conversion was down slightly on a gross basis. But I think we talked a little bit about this last quarter. We have had this unique dynamic of much higher appraisal-only volume and we really haven't separated that out and talked about it. But if you were to take that out, then obviously the traffic number, the customers who are there to buy traffic number would go down some and conversion would have increased a little bit. But from the way we have historically talked about it, traffic was up slightly in the quarter and conversion was down slightly.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Is there any way to quantify the impact that the pricing may have on demand in terms of just the narrowing of the price spread between new and used?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's very difficult to quantify but -- and we have not -- I know I haven't looked at this since the first quarter. But at the end of the first quarter, when we looked back to the low point of our average retail, which is what it was down around $16,000 in the fall of '08 and we looked at new car pricing at that same time, our average retails have gone up $3,000 and the average price of a new car had gone up $4,000 over that same time period. So that was just 5 or 6 months ago the last time we looked at that. So no, I couldn't give you an answer there. But the spread is still pretty high between the price of a light used car and the same new car. Particularly if the car is 3 years old, our average car is little over 3 years old, little over 35,000 miles.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Right, okay. And then shifting gears on new store growth going forward. When we see you entering a new market, is it fair to assume that, that first store is almost always going to be a production store?
Thomas J. Folliard: No. It depends on its proximity to another store. For example, North Attleborough is a satellite store and we're doing the production out of Hartford. We obviously expect to have production stores in that area, but as of now, we don't. So it depends how isolated the store is. If a store is very isolated, it almost -- like you said, it almost needs to be a production store but just because it's a new market doesn't mean it has to be a production store.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Armenia Khodordovsky [ph] with KeyBanc.
Unknown Analyst: You guys are actively moving back into lower FICO scores in your portfolio. Is that because you're more confident about the macro environment? Or is it because you're selling older cars and you kind of can't find third-party financing out there?
Thomas W. Reedy: Just to give a little history on this again. We historically have approved a range of credit through CarMax Auto Finance. And during the recession and during the financial crisis, when funding got very difficult in the ABS market, we elected to dial back a little bit on the credit we were approving and farmed that off to some of our third-party lending partners. That decision was not because we were uncomfortable with the credit risk associated with those loans. It was because -- it was purely based on our view on our ability to finance those loans efficiently. So as we've seen the ABS market recover, as we've gotten more confident in our ability to fund, it makes perfect sense for us to get back into that business that we've done all along and start taking that volume back from the partners. So it's not really a byproduct of what's coming in the door or what we're selling, just a -- rather a byproduct of what we're comfortable buying and our ability to fund it.
Thomas J. Folliard: Okay. With that, thank you very much for joining us. I want to once again thank all of our associates for all they do every day and wish everybody happy holidays. We'll talk to you next quarter, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-09-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Keith D. Browning - Executive Vice President of Finance and Director Thomas J. Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Katharine W. Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas W. Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc. Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Patrick Duff John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research Jordan Hymowitz - Philadelphia Financial Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Reshira, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Kenny, you may begin your conference.
Katharine W. Kenny: Hi, it's Katharine Kenny, thank you all for joining our fiscal second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. On the call with me today, as usual, are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Reedy, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President, Finance. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important facts that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2011, filed with the SEC. I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our second quarter conference call. Well, despite a decrease in used unit comps of 2% we reported strong financial results for the second quarter. While we were disappointed by this moderate decrease in sales, we believe it was largely due to the weak economic environment and lower consumer confidence. Factors that contributed to our results included the following: total gross profit for CarMax increased by 1.5%; gross profit per unit was relatively flat at $2,178; our wholesale business was again a strong contributor to our results; unit sales grew by 23%, largely due to a continuation of the increase in appraisal traffic that we've seen in the recent quarters; our appraisal buy rate was also at a historical high of around 30%; and wholesale gross profit per unit grew by $71 to $921 per unit. Our CarMax Auto Finance also reported a substantial increase in quarterly income. Tom Reedy will give some details in a moment. The average selling price of our used vehicles increased over 7% compared to last year's second quarter, largely due to a continued increase in wholesale prices. Our mix of vehicles sold was relatively stable for the quarter. And now I will ask Tom to share some information about CAF and our finance business. Tom?
Thomas W. Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. As you saw in the release, CAF income this quarter increased $11 million or 21% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2011. Overall, the CAF portfolio grew 9%. Net loans originated was up 27% versus Q2 of fiscal 2011 due to higher CAF penetration and an increase in average selling prices. As mentioned last quarter, we are retaining a greater portion of loans that CAF historically approved but in recent years have been purchased by third-party partners. As a result, CAF's net penetration for the quarter was approximately 39% versus 32% in Q2 last year and 34% last quarter. Obviously, we expect this approach to make more money for CarMax over time, but there is a negative on impact third-party's finance fees relative to last year. CAF's interest margin expanded to $86 million or 7.5% of the average amount of receivables versus 6.9% in Q2 last year. Interest in fee income grew by approximately $4 million as the increase in the volume of managed receivables more than offset the decline in interest income as a percent of managed receivables. Portfolio interest expense is down $9 million year-over-year, as older higher cost securitizations paid down and deals with lower interest cost become a greater portion of our financing. Second quarter interest expense also benefited because we delayed in accessing the public ABS market for funding. Consequently a higher portion of our managed portfolio was financed in warehouse facilities, which are short term and lower cost. As you may have seen, we priced our 2011-2 term securitization last week. The white interest margin environment we've been referencing before continues. Our provision for losses in the quarter was up approximately $2 million year-over-year. This is in line with our expectations given we are back to retaining a full spectrum of credits. As far as credit availability in the stores, about 85% of our customers who applied for financing received an approval from at least one of our in-house lenders. This is as high as its ever been similar the last quarter. Sub-prime penetration was consistent with last year at approximately 7%. Finally with regard to liquidity and funding, [indiscernible] has been quite busy over the past several weeks. In August we closed a 5-year, $700-million unsecured revolving credit facility which replaced the inventory secured facility set to expire in December. We also renewed the $800-million warehouse facility that expired in August, and as you may recall, our other warehouse facility which is $800 million as well, expires in February. Tom?
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Tom. Also during the second quarter we opened our Escondido store. this is our second store in the San Diego market, and we expect to open North Attleboro, Massachusetts and Chattanooga, Tennessee in the third and fourth quarters. In addition to the 3 stores we previously announced that will open in the first quarter of our next fiscal year, we also reported on our planned openings for the second quarter. These include 2 stores in new CarMax markets in Florida, Fort Myers and Naples, and another store in our existing Los Angeles market in Oxnard. We plan to open 8 to 10 stores in fiscal 2013 and at the end of this fiscal year, we expect to report on our plans for the future. At this time, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Simeon Gutman with Crédit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Tom, reflecting on the 2% decline in the unit comp, when you strategize how to reverse that going forward, how do you separate out what's the macro or cyclical component, which it sounds like most of -- you're attributing most to versus what's competitive or secular?
Thomas J. Folliard: You know that it's always a challenge. Just based on our experience and evaluating the variables that we've dealt with in the past, we felt like this was more external particularly with what you've seen with consumer confidence and all the other troubles in the economy. We stay focused on our consumer offer. We want to make sure our consumer offer is the best in the business and we continue to invest in the things that will improve our consumer offer. Our average store still sells over 330 cars a month, a negative 2% comp is not a big drop for us in volume. If you look at what the average new car dealer sells, it's somewhere between 30 and 50 cars a month. So we stay focused on what we're doing internally. We're obviously going to closely monitor what we see in the competitive environment, but we haven't seen anything that leads us to believe that we're heading down the wrong path.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and I know you don't provide a lot of, I guess, color on geography, but I guess it would help us sort of diagnose what's going on. I mean, was the -- can you help us a little on how broad-based the minus 2% or are there certain competitors in certain markets that -- or macro situations?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we're -- as you said, we don't do a lot on geography and we're not going to start now.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and then second on pricing gross profits. So used ASPs were up and I think actually they accelerated in terms of the growth rate versus the Q1, but you had a per-vehicle gross profit decline on a year-over-year basis. And it wasn't -- it was a fine number. It may have been a little bit lighter than what we were looking for, but if you look back over the past 8 years this dynamic where the ASP is up year-over-year, but the gross profit is down, that's only happened a handful of times. And so does that tell us something about competition, whether you're doing more on discounting, does it -- should we read anything into that?
Thomas J. Folliard: I wouldn't read anything into it. It's such a small change year-over-year. I mean, I've talked about this before and the $20, $30, $40 range on the product that we're selling, it's -- we can't manage it that tight within $20 or $30. So the -- although you can look at some changes year-over-year or sequentially, we're still running our margins at all-time highs and we've talked about that in the past and we've also talked about, if we could, we would trade margin for sales. We still don't see that as viable in this market, but in terms of the change year-over-year, I wouldn't read into it at all.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and just one last one for Tom Reedy, on CAF's total penetration of financed vehicles, can you say what that was and then should we think about that -- is that a sale stimulant? A stimulant or is it just the shift mix of financed vehicles within a given period?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I think I've said the net penetration was 39%, that means after 3-day payoffs we're retaining 39% of the business. So pre-that, coming out the door, that means CAF is getting about 45% of sales. And I think the way I would characterize what we've been doing recently is going back in the business that we've historically gone into, that we were previously letting partners purchase from us. So not a sale stimulant but more of a profit play for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Murphy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, I mean, as we think about the new store openings, we appreciate the 8 to 10 store guidance for next year and don't really need any detail beyond that, I know you're not going to disclose that right now, but as we look at the recent weakness in these same-store unit sales, does it have any impact on how you think about that store opening strategy going forward or do you think that this is just some short-term weakness, it doesn't harken back to what we saw in the last 3 years where you stalled the store openings?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, if you look at our financial performance, with a negative 2% comp, we still comped our earnings over last year. When you go back to the recession when we went down 17%, down 24%, down 26%, our earnings were obviously going south in a hurry, which caused us to make different decisions. That's clearly not the case here. And comp sales are only one piece of what our business has become and we've talked about being a diversified profit stream and wholesale and CarMax Auto Finance are doing really well. And from a financial perspective, we feel very well-positioned to continue to go after the growth that's out there in front of us. So it is not -- we have not wavered one bit in terms of looking at growth looking going forward.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's great. Second question, Tom, I think you kind of alluded this to this in the previous question -- questions, but is there any priceless elasticity to demand that you're seeing out there at all right now when you're doing these tests?
Thomas J. Folliard: Very little. I mean still with the -- these average retails that we've seen in the -- throughout this fiscal year are all-time highs for us and the marketplace just because of the supply-demand imbalance has been driving all the price change, and when you look at our margins and you think about a movement of $100 or $200 on a $19,000-car, it really doesn't -- it really hasn't made much of a difference.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then on the unit sales as we go forward, if the new vehicle sales environment improves, the Toyota and Honda get restocked, do you think if we get a SAAR that clips above 13 million units in October or November, that may help stimulate some trade-ins and really get your unit sales going in the secondary market?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, and we can't guarantee that, but it's always been our belief that a high SAAR is good for us and it's is not just because of trade-ins, it's an indicator of consumer confidence and demand. I think if consumers are out there in bigger numbers and they're looking for a car and they're looking for a new car average price well over $20,000, a lot of them realize that they can get a great deal on a used car or get more than they thought they could get by coming over to CarMax and every time we've seen an increase in SAAR of any significance, we have benefited from it. So there's 2 pieces, just you mentioned the trade-in piece, but we think it's an indicator of demand and that will benefit as well. But we'll have to wait and see.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just lastly on CAF, the 39% penetration, can that go significantly higher? And if you, guys, could just give us a rough idea of what the collateral spread was on the last securitization. Was it above 7%, maybe between 7% and 8%. I'm just trying to gauge where that's...
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, on the collateral spread, adjusting for the stock that we've hedged, it's just below 7%. And I'm sorry, on the 39%, that's -- as we mentioned, that's about as high as we've ever been. We are buying the full spectrum of loans that we historically have bought. We are still allowing partners to purchase some of those loans that we originated in the past, so there may be a little upside in the event we elected to curtail that program fully, but things are pretty robust for CAF right now.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But do you think that I could get to 50% or something like that? I'm just trying to understand what the magnitude of the potential penetration increase could be.
Thomas W. Reedy: Given our current approach to credit, I wouldn't imagine that.
Thomas J. Folliard: We'd have to change our credit profile that we go after to get that high.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Brinkman with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You started a slowdown in traffic and conversion trends in the press release and you attributed to the slowing macro, just now you spoke to low elasticity of demand, but I was wondering if you think that the record ASPs in the quarter could also be contributing to the comp slowdown as consumer suffer from a sort of sticker shock?
Thomas J. Folliard: I mean that's one thing we've been concerned about. I've talked about our prices being higher than we would like them to be. I think right now just because of the lack of supply, it's -- used cars are at an all-time high, new cars are at an all-time high, so sure that could have been a factor. And I think that's what we talked about earlier with the external environment, consumer confidence is down and when you look at the product that we sell, it almost always requires a loan and somebody has to still go out there and be confident in their job and be confident in signing up for -- loans are 6 and 7 years long now on cars.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And this quarter you have an even stronger wholesale ratio, the ratio of wholesale sales to retail sales, I think it was 83% this quarter. And can you speculate as to what's driving this? It really seems to have departed from the sort of 55% to 65% range we had become accustomed to seeing until recently. Is it sustainable in your view?
Thomas J. Folliard: I don't know if it's a sustainable, and you're right it's been -- there's been a dramatic difference in the growth rate in wholesale and retail and it's been very difficult for us to figure out exactly why that's happening. We talked about at last quarter, I said, "My belief is I think a lot of people are just getting out of an extra car to turn them into cash." Again the growth rate has surprised us also. Last quarter we were up 30%, that was on top of a 50% growth rate in wholesale, the year prior. With a negative 2% comp this quarter, our wholesale sales obviously we're up another 23%. It's one of those things where we run a terrific wholesale business. We have a great marketing team to have an extremely high dealer of ratio at our auctions, so we get excellent price realization. And we're going to keep running that business the best we can and we are prepared to handle big comps in that business, but in terms of trying to figure out why it's happening or why there's been a disconnect it's been very difficult.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you guys in the past, you've been less quick to blame the weather, right? You say that it's always a push over the longer term and that's to your credit. But I was wondering, there was a major hurricane in the quarter, it was at the end of the quarter, what kind of impact did that have on your same-store sales? Could that explain some of the slowdown?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we're still quick to not blame the weather. So I mean the hurricane did hit. It went pretty much right up the East Coast that's where our highest-volume stores are. Our store teams did a phenomenal job of getting our stores prepared to make sure that our assets and our employees were all protected. But in terms of how much power loss and how -- what's the length of time our stores were closed, it would -- really, it wasn't very long. Now that doesn't mean that consumers did not shop during that time because of wind and rain and just not a good time to go out and try to buy a car, but it happened at the very end of the quarter. We still have always believed that if there's any sales loss, we get it back later. We don't really look at it as terms of its impact over the quarter.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, definitely my last question then. It seems like most of the publicly traded new vehicle dealer groups they've been trying to ramp up their used sales effort over the last couple of years, but this year especially maybe as the interest bid recovery and SAAR has been pushed out. And they seem to be having a good degree of success at this. Does their increased focus on used vehicle sales impact in anyway what you do from a marketing and/or other perspective and could that explain some of the comp slowdown as well?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's possible, but it doesn't impact what we do as long as we believe that our consumer offer is -- continues to be superior, and our volumes would say that that's still true. And one thing you have to remember is that the whole total of all the publicly traded new car dealers makes up less than 2% of 1- to 6-year-old used cars sold in the marketplace. So it's one measure, but it's a very, very small measure. They're not in every single market that we operate in and there's not a consistent concentration of one of the big publics in any of the markets that we're in. They're kind of spread around. So we look at it more broadly across all independent dealers and all consumers that are selling cars, and we'll talk about market share at the end of the year, but we have continued to have market share gains in this environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Tom, could you talk to how you're thinking about advertising plans for the next few quarters given the negative comps you reported?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I mean, so far, at this point, we haven't -- we try to manage our advertising on a per-unit-sold basis. So if we had a much bigger comp number, we might be spending a little bit more money, but in terms of a consistent program of getting our message out there, we have no plans to change it.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then as a follow-up to that, any change in plans to the way you're thinking about investing in kind of new strategic opportunities. If we comp negative or if you comp negative for the next couple of quarters, does it make you rethink some of your investment plans?
Thomas J. Folliard: Again, the comp is not the only variable that we have to look at, but again with a negative 2% comp and -- you have a positive earnings and strong performance in other aspects of our business, including margin per car, CarMax Auto Finance and wholesale, no, we have -- right now, we have no plans of changing our investment in our future and no plans of changing our going after growth.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then this is more of a housekeeping question, could you talk to the impact of the reduction in third-party finance fees?
Thomas J. Folliard: You mean the dollar magnitude?
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, the way I'd look at it is it's a very minor impact overall net to CarMax. I mean, we'd see a reduction in third-party increasing CAF in the given quarter, that doesn't quite offset it for the year. We expect it to be kind of a neutral play and obviously over the long term much more profit to CarMax.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, so, Matt, you really got to think about it as the trade off is not -- we don't really care what the impact is on the quarter. We are making a trade-off for a much more profitable piece of business and the fact that we get it over time because of an accounting rule, doesn't impact our decision to do it.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess what I'm wondering is because it's 100% gross margin and has really high flow through but did it have a material impact in the quarter that you reported?
Thomas J. Folliard: No.
Thomas W. Reedy: No.
Thomas J. Folliard: Because [indiscernible] the switch is, Matt, the switch to CarMax Auto Finance is we don't -- we still get a portion of that income in that quarter. So you take that portion of the income and you offset what you didn't get and then the difference is immaterial.
Matthew R. Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then lastly, any change in thinking regarding a share buyback program?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, not at this time. We still believe it's in our best interest and our shareholders' long-term best interest to invest in growth. There's still a lot of uncertainty in the economy. Like a lot of other companies, if we end up with a little more cash than we have had in the past, we think that's a good position to be in right now. We do plan on going out and looking aggressively at land for our future growth and we've talked about that in the past and we're going to continue down that path.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Duff with Gilder.
Patrick Duff: Just kind of 2 quick ones. I don't -- I'm not going to try to get into guidance, I know that's not anything you want to talk about, but last year, there was a lot of concern in the third quarter because the gross profit per unit declined kind of roughly $100 year-over-year which had been kind of the pattern for the company over the long term, and then that deviated kind of within the '08, '09 time frame. I'm just wondering, would you, without getting into any kind of numbers, would expect the seasonal decline in the gross profit per unit in this third quarter to be more like the long-term average?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it's -- Pat, it's too early to tell and we're going to manage each quarter based on all the things that are happening on both external and internal, and we're going to do the best we can. So I can't give any guidance on what's going to happen from this quarter to that quarter. When you said there's a lot of concern last year, it wasn't from us.
Patrick Duff: No, I know. I'm just trying to make sure we don't have a similar experience with everything else that's going on. Listen, the only other question...
Thomas J. Folliard: [indiscernible] It depends a lot what's going on in the external wholesale environment. We had some unique years in '08 and '09, and so that's one of the factors that we have to look at. We have to also look at what our current volume of sales are and lots of other variables and we're just going to do the best we can to manage it through the quarter.
Patrick Duff: Okay, the only other thing I just wanted to check, with the increase in originations, anything you can kind of share with us in terms of credit quality of the book; with the step-up, has been any change in the credit scores of the customers and your overall comfort level with the quality of the loans?
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, as we talked about last quarter, this is the spectrum of the business that we have become really comfortable with over time and CAF has been buying for several years. The reason we dialed back on it over the last couple of years has been because of the capital markets and our view on our ability to finance that business efficiently and what it would do to our overall portfolio from a finance ability perspective. So as far as the credit risk associated with it, we're completely comfortable with it. It's paper that we have been originating for a long time. We've continued to originate a portion of it during the period where we were selling pieces off to the partners so that we have experience with that pool and we're comfortable with the credit. As far as the finance ability of the portfolio, obviously we believe we can finance the portfolio in today's market with the new credit spectrum. And yes, it is lower because it's the lower end of what we used to purchase. But again it's a portfolio that the market has seen before.
Thomas J. Folliard: It's the portfolio that the market is willing to buy and that's what -- that's the key is. We'll take as much as we think we can fund efficiently.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel, Oppenheimer.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So the first question on the used car unit comp number and, Tom, you mentioned in your prepared remarks and then in the press release that you attributed the weakness of sales to macro factors and no one's going to argue with it. We've seen a number of -- a weaker macro data points, in particular, late in the summer, but perplexing a bit is we have looked at some of the reports from you said the used car, the traditional new car dealers which are now selling more used cars and among others, we seen -- we saw a better indications of used car sales lately. Now I recognize and the market is fragmented, but what gives you the confidence that the weaker trends in CarMax are more a function of macro environment as supposed to heightened competition in the space?
Thomas J. Folliard: Just our experience with running the business for a long, long time and looking at the incredibly small basis that others are reporting on. Somebody's average used car sales are 30 cars a month then it goes up 10%, that means their sales went up by 3 cars in those individual stores. And our stores have much bigger sales volumes, I mentioned average around 330. I'm not saying that, that isn't a factor. I'm saying, based on our experience in the business, we think this quarter was mostly macro-related. But we're always paying attention to the competition. We're always trying to sharpen our consumer offer and make sure that we're the #1 choice for our consumers in every single market that we operate in. We have a lot of things that we continuously look at in terms of customer satisfaction and why people are choosing us or not, and I can just tell you from all of those -- all of that data we feel very confident that our consumer offer is still superior.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Is there anything, if you look across your chain across the country, is there anything -- was there more volatility geographically here in Q2 than in Q1 or in last year?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we're not going to split out geography.
Brian W. Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, and now the follow-up question on the gross margin per used vehicle sold, it wasn't that weak but it was weaker here in Q2 than it had been. How should we think about kind of the factors behind that?
Thomas J. Folliard: I wouldn't think about it at all. We think it was a really strong quarter, our margin per unit. I mean compared to last year, what was the change?
Katharine W. Kenny: $27.
Thomas J. Folliard: $27 is just not a -- that's not even a manageable number for us. I just wouldn't -- I wouldn't read into it at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Most have been answered, but maybe on the housekeeping side, could you address your direct source mix, your buy rate and the percentage of sub-prime sales?
Thomas J. Folliard: You mean percent of cars sold that we buy through the have appraisal lane?
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes.
Thomas J. Folliard: That we've retailed? Yes, that number in the second quarter was all the way up to 50%. So that's a number that we haven't achieved in several years. I think we're in the low 40s at the end of the first quarter. So what you've seen in wholesale where we've continued to see this big increase in units sold, it also moves over to retail as well because we're buying lots of cars in the appraisal lane. Some of those are wholesale and some of those are retail, and the percentage that we're buying has continued to increase during the year. So that number is around 50%. Our sub-prime percentage for the year was 7% which is similar to last year.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Do you have a sense for what the direct source mix contributes to your gross profit dollars per car?
Thomas J. Folliard: We do. It's a more profitable source for us and it can help if, by just shifting the mix, but we manage margins across the board. So if that mix went up we have to make a decision whether or not we want to just keep the margin that we get as a benefit of a shift in mix or do we want to take some of those margin dollars and lower prices on off-site purchased cars to try and drive some incremental sales. So when you see the margin relatively flat through the first quarter and you see our cars -- our sales sufficiency go up to about 50%, then there was some of that are happening in the quarter.
Craig R. Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And lastly, can that 50% number move higher or do you think it'll be more correlated to slower trends or slower growth rates in the wholesale business?
Thomas J. Folliard: If you asked me at the beginning of the year, I would have said we wouldn't have continued the wholesale growth rates that we've had. If wholesale continues to outpace the growth of retail sales at the rate that it has been going and then along with that, the cars that we appraise in the appraisal lane for retail also continue to go up, then the number will continue to go up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess my question, Tom, is could you remind us broadly what you saw happen to your business back in 2008 when comp started to massively decelerate, and maybe compare and contrast what you're seeing today with the consumer versus what you started to see in early 2008 as that sales decline accelerated?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, the biggest difference is the sheer magnitude of the drop. Negative 2% is relatively flat for us, but I'd say one of the other biggest changes is between then and now. We're running our business a lot more profitably on a per-unit basis than we were then. Not just on margin per car, but on contributions on CarMax Auto Finance and wholesale as well. So we're a different company than we were pre-recession and the diversified profit stream that we've built over time is helpful. And when things dropped the last time, everything dropped. Finance profits dropped, wholesale profits dropped, margin per car dropped, sales dropped. What we're seeing now is a little more moderate in terms of the sales drop, obviously at a negative 2%. The second quarter of the recession was a negative 17%, but the thing that continues to give us confidence is the profitability in the other parts of our business it's -- and margin per car is more profitable than it was then. So there's a lot of differences between then and now.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But what about the consumer impact? I mean you talked about slower traffic and lower conversions. Did you have a similar experience back then? Was it both traffic and conversions and just to a greater degree?
Thomas J. Folliard: If you remember then, it was pretty much all traffic. The consumer just stopped coming to the store. That's not been the case in these last couple of quarters if you look at comp traffic. It's been pretty close. Then you could almost -- it was almost exactly the drop in sales was traffic. So when you get to the fourth quarter, we were down 26% and our traffic was down about that number and we haven't seen a traffic drop like that. Now, look, the other change here is these average resales are at their all-time highs and they haven't moved. When -- in '08 our average resales went all the way to down $16,000 by November. And we're pretty much, we're selling the same stuff. It's a little bit older now, but that same car now is $3,000 more expensive because of the supply- demand imbalance. And one other thing I want to remind everybody is there has been some questions about what other new car dealers are focusing on used cars. We have a full spectrum of used cars available and have a bigger selection of cars at the lower price range in terms of 1- to 6-year-old used cars than anybody else in the marketplace. So it's a little deceptive to look at our average resales up over $19,000 when you don't look across our 35,000 cars in inventory and look at the price selection that we provide for consumers. I still think we have the best selection of lower-priced cars of 1- to 6-year-old cars at the quality level that we sell them.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then with Manheim data is starting to indicate at least some moderation or softening in used vehicle prices, obviously it's been a long time coming, but how quickly do you think that starts to impact your ASPs and what's the implication for the gross profit dollars per unit?
Thomas J. Folliard: I think it all depends on how quickly the SAAR moves, and again what happens with the consumer. So to see depreciation to fall is nothing new. It's just we hadn't seen it for the last couple of years. In terms of its impact on margin, we'll manage it the best we can in each quarter and hopefully we can keep it pretty stable. We've been able to do that in the past with much bigger swings in both depreciation and appreciation, so I'm confident in our ability to manage through it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted -- I had a couple of things here. Comps historically as you pointed out were most correlated with the new vehicles SAAR and new sales during the quarter ended August were up something like 5% for the industry, so I'm just trying to clarify exactly what you're saying about performance. I think you indicated a few times that share was more or less stable. So is this a fluke or does it say something, in your opinion, about the attractiveness of new versus used?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I think, our belief, is more that it's over a longer period of time. SAAR at '12-2, up 5% is a horrible SAAR. We'd like to see it $15 million, $16 million, $17 million, get back to where it was. I know nobody thinks that's going to happen anytime soon, but I'd say that in general, directionally, we believe that we'll move with SAAR. It doesn't mean that it's exactly tracked where if SAAR is up 5%, we're going to be up 5%. So I think if we saw the SAAR go from $12 million to $15 million in the next 12 to 24 months, we would expect our sales to go up during that time as well based on our performance in the past.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I was hoping you might be able just to address over the next year or 2, obviously the population of 1- to 5- or 1- to 6-year-old vehicles that are available for sale is going to decline just because we had this big downturn. Can you just give us some thoughts on how that affects your business model? Does it affect the cost of preparing vehicles? Does it change the way you approach the market in anyway?
Thomas J. Folliard: It does impact our business. We -- as you said, there are a lot less cars out there in the marketplace and I think that's why we've seen what we have to pay for those cars go up so much and our average retail's up so high. Now we haven't seen a big dramatic shift in the average age of cars sold, but if the SAAR stays where it is, I think it'll continue to shift in that direction. If what we sell on average is -- continues to get older and then it will. It will change -- it will affect the dollars that we spend on reconditioning because an older car with higher mileage requires more reconditioning dollars to get it up to the quality standard that we demand. So when we think about our spend and reconditioning, we mix-adjust it, so we clearly expect to spend more money on a 7-year-old car with 80,000 miles than we do on a 1-year-old car with 5,000 miles. So if our inventory was to shift, we -- I don't think -- we're not looking at it and thinking what's the big impact it would have on our business in terms of cost because we would expect those costs to go up and we manage to that number.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and just lastly on CAF, could you just give us some thoughts on what our objectives are for penetration rates? Or is it something that you expect to continue climbing and just a data point if you could share with us what the charge-offs were in the quarter?
Thomas W. Reedy: As far as the penetration rate, as I mentioned, we're at 39% net which is as high as we have ever been and we are buying across the full spectrum of loans that we have historically bought across. That said, there's a little bit of room because we are still selling some of that CAF business to third-party lenders, but as far as deliberately increasing our penetration, we're at a level we've been comfortable with and we constantly evaluate that, and just like our mix on the inventory side and pricing, we're constantly trying to optimize based on what's going on the capital markets and what's going on with customers and we'll continue doing that going forward, but I don't see any dramatic change in the immediate future.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the charge-offs?
Thomas W. Reedy: We'll get you that. I don't have it in front of me.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong with CL King and Associates.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: So you mentioned that traffic generally softened, you have a strong increase on the appraisal traffic, so people are coming through the stores. Are you able to track on an individual transaction basis if a person sells you a car, are they also buying a car or not buying a car? Can you give us any color on that, on trends there?
Thomas J. Folliard: We have tracked that, we've talked about the number in the past. In the past that's been about 1 out of roughly every 3 customers that sells us a car also buys a car from us. What's been unique in the last, I don't know, 3 or 4 quarters is the traffic of customers who are only coming to sell us their car has increased a lot faster than the traffic of customers who are either there to do both or buy a car. So we have absolutely seen -- we call internally "appraisal only" and we've seen a very big increase in the volume of appraisal-only customers. And that has delivered the wholesale comp numbers that you've seen. It's also delivered the change in percentage of cars sold that we source through the appraisal lane.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Right, okay. Kind of looking at the negative used unit comp, do you think there is any impact from the spread between used car prices and a comparable new car narrowing and making those used cars a little less competitive in the market?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's possible but we haven't seen that just from a pure statistical standpoint. If you just look at the average new car and average used car, the spread hasn't shrunk to the level where we think it would have an impact. But could it have? Yes, possibly.
William R. Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Do you think you also has any impact perhaps from shortages of Japanese cars, perhaps at the beginning of the quarter in the wake of the tsunami and earthquake?
Thomas J. Folliard: Not really. I don't think that that's been much of a big factor when you consider that there's a shortage of all cars because of the SAAR being down for so many years. I think that's what's driven -- I think the impact of the shortage of Japanese cars is a fraction, a fractional impact compared to the shortage of overall new cars sold over the last several years. I mean, our -- again, our average resales have gone up $3,000 since the fall of '08.
Operator: Your next question comes from Himanshu Patel with JP Morgan.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just had a couple of questions, a little bit more color on the minus 2% same-store comp. I know you don't like to talk too much about the cadence throughout the quarter, but I guess it would really be useful to know if there was any sort of cliff event in demand around the debt-filling debate and then perhaps you saw some sort of rebound and maybe that's the reason why you sound still relatively optimistic and unaltered investment plans, or what is it just a kind of continuous soft traffic pattern all throughout the entire quarter?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we're not going to talk about cadence through the quarter.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and then when you -- you mentioned subprime mix for you guys was roughly flat I think year-over-year, what about the competitive landscape, can you talk a little bit about credit underwriting standards from third-party lenders for subprime right now?
Thomas W. Reedy: For subprime?
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes.
Thomas W. Reedy: Yes, I think it's consistent with where it has been exactly in line with what maybe a 0.2% different than last year but we're seeing consistent support from subprime lenders.
Himanshu Patel - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just any thoughts on kind of the direction of used car prices through now and year-end as at least a couple of months ago, there was some strong expectations that new car incentives would accelerate and therefore used car prices could come down as well. Are you guys sort of, of the same view at this stage?
Thomas J. Folliard: We're not -- at this point, we don't know. We're not really sure. We -- as someone mentioned earlier, the Manheim data says that there's been some depreciation here recently, which is different than the last couple of years, but it's been so volatile, over the last few years, it doesn't do us a lot of good to try to predict what's going to happen 2 months from now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Stevens with Philadelphia Financial.
Jordan Hymowitz - Philadelphia Financial: Guys, it's actually Jordan Hymowitz. Question, on your wholesale vehicle per car, is there a sense of what the new normal is? I mean the new normal obviously isn't the $300 originally in the white paper, but it's not probably $950 either. I mean, what do you think a normal level is, or is there no idea to tell anymore?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I don't know that there's a new normal. I said last quarter I didn't think we'd get to $1,000 and we did. So again it's one piece of the puzzle for us and it's an area that as I've said before, we would give up wholesale margin for retail sales in a second, we just haven't had the chance to do that. And with the volumes that we have right now in our appraisal lane and the buy rate that we have, we know what that tells us, just we're making fair offers for those cars. We're buying approximately 1 out of every 3 cars that we appraise. We're getting phenomenal attendance in our auctions, so we're getting great price realizations. So it's very difficult to say what normal looks like. We've also seen the average price of what we sell for a similarly aged unit go from I don't know, $3,500 to $4,000 just 2 to 3 years ago up to $5,500 now, and it's essentially the same stuff. So it's a pretty unique environment right now in terms of supply and demand, and all our indicator said that we're making very, very fair offers but then we're getting attendance and great price realization, but I have no idea what the new normal is.
Jordan Hymowitz - Philadelphia Financial: And then have you looked at ADESA or Copart, ADESA's more directly. I mean their auction volumes are collapsing and every quarter it's down as much or more than the industry's and you guys are gaining a lot of share. Do you see more and more dealers coming to you or in any way to sell their cars as opposed to these individuals?
Thomas J. Folliard: We don't buy any cars from dealers that run in the auction, so it's all consumers.
Jordan Hymowitz - Philadelphia Financial: Okay. So maybe more and more customers are taking their cars to you guys to sell us opposed to trading them in?
Thomas J. Folliard: I don't know, but maybe. But it's -- we only let dealers come to the auction but we don't buy any cars from dealers. We don't run anybody else's cars at our auction. And we are the third largest auction chain in the country now, but we're still very tiny percentage compared to a Manheim or an ADESA, and Copart is a tough comparison because they're pretty much all salvage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Mandel with ThinkEquity.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up, first of all, on the -- you mentioned reconditioning, Tom, can you give us some numbers in terms of the efficiencies that you're seeing. I know you've talked about this in the past.
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we updated that at the beginning of this year and said that we probably got $250 of sustained improvement on reconditioning costs and we don't have -- we're not going to -- we don't have any reason to change that or update it now. What I was referencing is a shift in mix. If there -- we -- the number we gave you, the $250 number is -- it has to be a mix-adjusted number to be accurate and if -- I was just saying that if our inventory, because of a lack of supply, continue to get older then our reconditioning dollars would go up but it would be something that would be a planned go-up because again we expect to spend more money since we have the same quality standard for an 8-year-old car as we do for a 1-year-old car, and we would expect to spend more reconditioning dollars on an older, higher mileage car.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: So on a year-over-year basis was it pretty much awash in the second quarter in terms of what you're spending?
Thomas J. Folliard: I don't know, I didn't look at just the pure dollars spent. Again, we always look it mix-adjusted. So we don't have any reason to change the number we gave at the beginning of the year.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then my second question on inventory, year-to-date, we've seen a relatively small increase in inventory of about $12 million. Precisely, is this a function of just the lack of supply, the prices that you have to pay, or just cautiousness on your part?
Thomas J. Folliard: If you just look at our ASPs it explains half of the inventory difference for the quarter. About half of what's left is new stores that we didn't have last year. So the balance of that is minimal.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: And as far as the mix of inventory, can you give us any color as to what's in the stores right now?
Thomas J. Folliard: Our mix in terms of like sport utility and compacts, remember we talked about a shift I think at the end of last year. Since then, it's been pretty relatively stable. Second -- first quarter to second quarter, we saw not much in terms of change of mix. We are seeing our inventory age a little bit more, which would be expected. But in terms of the mix of products sold, it didn't move much from first to second quarter. And -- when we see big movements in inventory mix as it relates to say sport utilities or compacts or things like that, that is generally directly correlated with a spike in gas prices and gas prices have seemed to stabilize over the next several months, so we really haven't seen much movement in mix.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: How about by brand or the cars that are in strong demand?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, we haven't seen much change there.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: And then finally in terms of the loan loss provision, obviously it's bounced around a bit. You had a small credit in the first quarter and then I believe is a $10.8 million provision this quarter, can you give us -- share any thoughts with us in terms of what you're thinking for the rest of the year and how that might play out?
Thomas W. Reedy: Well we don't, if we we're thinking anything different for the rest of the year it would be embedded in that loan loss provision in our current allowance for loan losses. I can give you some color. If you remember last quarter, we saw a pretty significant improvement in loss experienced and that improvement was driven primarily by payment experience rather than the increase in recoveries. So we're still seeing a strong wholesale recovery rate and I think the increase in, or the increase in our experience in losses is offsetting somewhat to a great extent the increase in the spectrum of credit we're buying. So we're buying further down the food chain in credit, but we're seeing losses improve and that's reflected in our number there.
Mark D. Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay, but you still had a -- it was still a noticeable increase year-over-year, $10.8 million versus $9 million, I mean is that something that we should think about for the third and fourth quarters?
Thomas W. Reedy: I think it's line with our expectations. The portfolio is significantly bigger and we're buying a little bit different paper.
Operator: Your next question comes from Efraim Levy with Standard and Poor's.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: I just want to know, as far as the appraisal, the traffic and the buy rate, how are we comparing now versus the pre-recession levels, I think we're still below?
Thomas J. Folliard: You mean total appraisal volume? I actually don't have that handy.
Efraim Levy - S&P Equity Research: Okay, and as far as with the gas prices stabled, I assumed the mix shift is probably has been also pretty stable?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, as I just said, it hasn't really changed much from first quarter to second quarter.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Thomas J. Folliard: All right, well, thanks, everyone for joining us. I want to once again thank our CarMax associates for all they do everyday. I especially want to give a special thanks out to all of those who's helped us prepare for the hurricane and get our stores ready. You did a phenomenal job. And lastly, I want to thank Keith Browning. Keith is our retiring Chief Financial Officer. This will be his last call. You didn't hear him speak today, but Keith has been an enormous contributor of the business. We wouldn't be the company we are today without his contributions. If you look at his combined tenure with Circuit City and CarMax, he had his 29th anniversary just 2 days ago. We're going to give him a little round of applause here in the room. And I just want to personally thank Keith for all he's done for me. I've learned a lot from him in the last 5 years and we wish him the best of luck in his retirement. Thank you, Keith.
Keith D. Browning: Thank you.
Thomas J. Folliard: All right, thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-06-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Katharine Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG Clint Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc. Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Mark Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc. Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG Michael Kimlat - JP Morgan Chase & Co Patrick Duff Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shaira, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax First Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Katharine Kenny, you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Good morning, and welcome to our fiscal 2012 first quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today as usual are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Reedy, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President, Finance. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business prospects, plans and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2011, filed with the SEC. Tom?
Thomas Folliard: Thank you, Katharine, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We started off the new year with very strong results. Highlights included the following: used unit comps increased by 6% due to growth in traffic, partially offset by a modest decrease in conversion; total gross profit for CarMax increased by 15%; and gross profit per used unit increased to $2,224.  Our wholesale results continued to be exceptionally strong. Unit sales grew by 32%, largely due to a significant increase in appraisal traffic. Our appraisal buy rate remains higher than historical averages at nearly 31%, and gross profit per unit was a little over $1,000.  We are pleased with our used unit comp growth this quarter. We achieved these results despite economic and marketplace challenges, such as lower consumer confidence, high unemployment, elevated gas prices and escalating wholesale prices, which have driven up average selling prices of both new and used vehicles. CAF also had a great quarter, and I'll ask Tom Reedy to share some information about CAF and our related finance business. Tom?
Thomas Reedy: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. CAF income this quarter increased $12 million or 21% compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2011. As expected, the CAF interest margin was up significantly over last year, reaching 7.2% of average managed receivables, primarily the result of older loans rolling off and newer higher margin loans becoming a greater portion of the portfolio.  During the quarter, we continued to experience a favorable lending environment, and the interest margin on this quarter's originations remained wide. Our CAF portfolio grew 6%, with net loans originated up 33% compared with the first quarter of fiscal 2011. This increase reflected both the growth in our retail vehicle sales, as well as our decision to dial back arrangements with third-party providers and keep a greater portion of the loans that CAF historically approved but it elected not to retain after tightening lending standards in 2009. This action had no material effect on CarMax earnings for the first quarter, as the slight increase in CAF income was substantially offset by a loss of fees from third-party finance providers.  In the quarter, CAF net loan penetration grew to about 34% compared to just over -- under 30% in both last year's first quarter and for fiscal 2011, overall. The provision for loan losses was similar to last year: a result of better-than-expected loss experienced in the quarter and the related adjustments to our forward-looking allowance for loan losses. Actual losses in the quarter were significantly less than expected, primarily due to fewer charge-offs. We believe this experience is consistent with others in our industry and reflects an improvement in our customer's ability or their willingness to pay.  Recovery rates also continue to record levels due to the strength in wholesale prices. As mentioned in our press release, this favorability resulted in an increase of $0.03 per share in our earnings versus original expectations.  Credit availability in the stores continued at record high levels, and the percentage of customers who actually utilize the in-house financing option was up modestly versus the previous year period. Subprime penetration was consistent with last year at about 8%. Tom?
Thomas Folliard: Thank you. We were pleased to successfully open 2 stores this quarter in new markets for CarMax: Baton Rouge, Louisiana; and Lexington, Kentucky. And we're looking forward to 3 more openings throughout the rest of this fiscal year.  We also reported on our planned openings in the first quarter of next year. Those will be in Bakersfield, California; Lancaster, Pennsylvania; and our third store in Nashville, Tennessee. Those will be the first 3 of the 8 to 10 stores that we plan to open in fiscal 2013.  As you know at CarMax, we strive for continuous improvement in all aspects of the customer experience, which we know will also add to our competitive position over time. We focus on a number of potential areas, including improvements in our existing stores, new store formats, new potential markets and online enhancements. Our recent enhancements to carmax.com include the initiatives we have mentioned on previous calls: the successful introduction of our new mobile application and our test of EasyShop in 2 stores in North Carolina.  As we move forward and gather more information, we'll keep you up-to-date on the progress of these initiatives. And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: First I had, and we’ve discussed this in past quarters, Tom. But looking at the -- your results and the -- listening to your commentary with regard to traffic conversion. Given those trends -- you said the uptick in traffic in the quarter and then the slight moderation in conversion. Do you think we're at the point now where CarMax could start to maybe give up a little bit on that gross margin per used vehicles sold and actually have a positive impact upon sales? And if so, is that something maybe we can think about as we look at our models through the balance of this year?
Thomas Folliard: Well as we've talked about Brian, that's something we're constantly evaluating. And remember that, that, that margin -- the reported margin is an average, so we've run in lots of stores at different margin levels. But some of what caused the lack of elasticity really continued in this year, probably bigger than we've ever seen. We haven't seen a supply-demand imbalance dynamic like we're seeing right now. Even back in the -- at the depth of the recession when we had that huge appreciation into the fourth quarter, that was kind of a onetime thing, and it was an adjustment from the drop. But what we've seen this year is just a continuation of increased prices. Our prices are up to -- our average retail's around $19,000, up from around $16,000 in the fall of '08. And we've always talked about that being a tail -- a little bit of a tailwind for margin. And if you look at it quarter-over-quarter, we were relatively -- we're pretty flat compared to last year's first quarter. So it's something we'll always evaluate, but we're still at a very different dynamic in terms of supply-demand imbalance.
Brian Nagel - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. And then, maybe a similar type of question but in another way. Looking at the sales trend. So we did have a moderation as you highlighted as well. There are moderation from prior quarter levels. Were sales through the quarter -- did you see, where there specific events whether it be weather or maybe some other type of transitory issues within the quarter that hit your sales? Or was it -- the number we saw for the full quarter, was that more of a reflection of a steady trend throughout the period?
Thomas Folliard: Yes, we don't talk about trends through the quarter. That's how the quarter ended up. Whenever we have weather or any type of event, we always feel like, different than in the grocery business or some other short cycle retail that we get those sales back eventually. We did have some hailstorms hit, which affected a few of our stores. They hit early enough in the quarter that we don't think it really mattered, plus it was only in a few stores. It did cause us some expense, more so than what we've had in the past. But in terms of an impact, we didn't see much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Crédit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG: It's Simeon. Tom, you mentioned conversion was a little lower at retail. And assuming that your execution was solid, maybe that's just a proxy for higher prices and just maybe demand slowing a bit. Should that be a signal to us that either the auction activity may slow in subsequent periods or that prices may just be too high and that should start to taper off a bit?
Thomas Folliard: I wouldn't read too much into it. We always liked to -- when we talk about comps, we have in the past talked about some comes from traffic, some comes from conversion. When we look at it over time, we generally think we should get about half our comps from traffic and about half our comps from conversion. We have no reason to believe that, that's different going forward. We had a very slight decline. If I look at this quarter's conversion, it's still higher than what we ran a few years ago. I think your point on some uncertainty in the marketplace at higher retail. I said it -- I already said it. Our retail is at the highest they've ever been. And I do think there's still quite a bit of uncertainty out there in the economy, and I think people are still a little bit skittish about pulling the trigger and signing up for a loan. And despite all that, we still had a 6% comp. And you do have to look at the comp comparison back to the depth of the recession. The first quarter is a much tougher comparison than the fourth. And the last piece is that our -- you look -- you saw our wholesale number up 30%. Our appraisal traffic is up a whole bunch, particularly on the wholesale side. And we measure conversion as a percentage of our total traffic. So this disproportionate increase in traffic that is essentially appraisal only is going to have an impact on that math.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG: Right. And I guess the appraisal traffic combined with the strength of pricing, as well as gross profit at auction -- I mean, we saw -- I think Manheim shut a few auctions down. It almost felt like things could have started to slow, yet your numbers don't suggest that at all.
Thomas Folliard: Well the difference with us in the -- and the bigger -- we're now, I think, the third largest auction chain in the country behind Manheim and ADESA. Manheim and ADESA rely heavily on other people bringing cars there. They rely heavily on newer, later model cars. Our auction is very exclusive. It's only cars that don't meet our retail standard. It's only cars that we buy through the appraisal lane with the exception of a few cars that we -- that don't meet our standards that we buy offsite. And it's a steady stream. We have the same attendance. So our dynamic is very, very different. So I just think it's difficult to compare us to the other auction chains than -- and they're moving -- you see more movement online for them. And when there's movement online, that oftentimes means that the car never is actually brought to the auction, whereas every one of our cars is bought on-site. Even if we found a way to sell them online, we still have to put them somewhere.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG: And I saw that the buy rate was high. I mean, is that the same number, the ratio of number of dealers at the auctions relative to cars?
Thomas Folliard: No, the buy rate is of how many cars we appraise, how many of those do we buy. And that number was a little north of 30%, which is at or right around a historical high for us. So that's another indicator when we look at our margins to see if we think we're being fair, is how many of those car we're buying. And we're buying, pretty much, 1 out of every 3 cars we appraise. So that's an indication that we're making solid offers. Our average price in wholesale is up to $5,400. That's the highest it's ever been. So it's just on the -- and our margins are only up $100 over the year. So that means we've raised our offers to the consumer by almost $1,000 in 12 months for a similar product.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG: Yes, and then I guess connected to that, are you seeing the ratio of...
Thomas Folliard: Yes, the ratio is very, very strong. It's not the strongest we've ever seen. But I think if you look at these 2 first quarters stacked on top of each other, last first quarter, volume was up 52%. This quarter, up 32%. So I mean, our volume has just gone up dramatically. But our attendance ratios are still very strong. I think they're in the 1:3 to 1:4 range. So that means if we run 140 cars, we get 100 dealers bidding on those cars at any given auction. I mean that ratio is unprecedented in the industry.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG: And my last question on inventories. Can you just talk about how you feel about the positioning right now? Pricing obviously is at all-time high, but you have new production that will presumably ramp up and resume, call it, in 2 months from now. That coincides with what is normally a used price depreciation time of the market. So how do you -- how does that play a role in your forecasting and building inventories right now?
Thomas Folliard: We're pretty comfortable with where we are right now in inventory. And historical depreciation usually happens later in the second quarter towards -- into the fall. We'll see what happens this year. I feel really confident in our ability to manage our inventories around whatever dynamic we happen to see in the marketplace. The increase that you see in our inventory year-over-year, part of that is that our sales are up. Part of that is that our average retails are up, since we report in dollars. And part of it is that we weren’t in -- we're in a better position inventory-wise this year than we were in last year. Last year, we felt we were under inventory. This year, we felt more comfortable building. Even now, we feel fine about our inventory position going forward. I don't think we'll see a huge drop off in depreciation. At least, we haven't seen it yet. And even when we do, we feel well positioned to manage through it.
Operator: Your next question is from the line with Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I had a longer term, I guess, more strategic question. My understanding is that you and the board are kind of discussing the right rate of growth for CarMax longer term, whether as a percentage rate of unit expansion or a fixed number of stores per year. And there are obviously positives and negatives from a P&L perspective for both of those. I was just curious if you could give us your perspective on, as we look beyond fiscal '13, kind of what the company looks like from a longer-term growth paradigm?
Thomas Folliard: Well I think the biggest thing to note is the fact that we have so much growth out in front of us. We're still only in half of U.S. markets. We still believe we're not fully stored in many of the markets that we're in. I think the best part about our story is the growth that we have in front of us. In terms of the pace of growth, we've announced 8 to 10 next year. We have not updated that. We obviously think about it all the time. We had talked about having to build back up our infrastructure that we cut during the recession in both real estate, construction and management bench. We're making great progress in all of those areas. We feel really good about our ability to grow, the announced growth that we've already said. So the 5 this year, the 8 to 10 next year, but we just really haven't updated anything past that. But I will tell you that, that is still the single thing that we're most excited about as our prospects for growth going forward.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay, and then maybe just a really quick question for Tom, the other Tom. I think the initial finance income guidance was 205 to 235 for this year. And it looks like even if you exclude the $0.03 this quarter, you'd be well on track to exceed that, and I'm just curious if you're going to update that guidance or if we just assume that it's not valid anymore.
Thomas Reedy: Sharon, I think we're not -- you can assume that we're not going to update the guidance. But I think we are giving you indications of what is disconnected from what -- where we were initially. For instance, the penetration of CAF is higher than where we assumed at beginning of the year and the losses seem to be coming in a lot strong -- less strong from a loss perspective than we originally anticipated. So I think we're giving you some tools to make your own decisions. And that, along with the origination metrics that we'll give in the Q every quarter, give you an idea what's going on as far as new originations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So just a couple of questions. Just to come back to the -- an earlier question about the conversion. I just want to make sure I'm clear. You're including wholesale or appraisal traffic in that number. So mathematically, it's down in part because of the wholesale business has been so strong?
Thomas Folliard: Yes, yes, and that's the same way we have always talked about conversion. We've always included total store traffic of which some is people just coming to get their car appraised. So that's the way we've always reported it.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, I just wanted to make sure. And then the second question is you had a great expense performance. And I'm wondering how much of that is due to the wholesale performance. In other words, is the flow-through a lot higher in the wholesale business because the incremental cost is lower there than it is in the used vehicle business or the retail business?
Thomas Folliard: Some of it is just the change in average retail as well. We hold ourselves accountable to dollars per used unit sold. And on that measure, we slightly delevered in the quarter. So whenever we talk about percentages, we don't want to get credit when our average retails go up or when wholesale volumes go up. And we look at it on a total revenue basis nor do we want to get penalized on the way down if we're managing the business well on a per unit basis. But we feel really good about where we are on SG&A. We talked about it coming back. We talked about components of it coming back, like commissions. We did make an adjustment to our commissions this year for sales consultants, which had a little bit of an impact in the quarter. We are spending more money on advertising on a per unit basis. We spent more money this quarter than we did the year prior. So I mean, those are the kinds of things that we said that you could expect to come back as we came out of the recession.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I guess asking it another way. If you have an incremental dollar of profit in used retail and an incremental dollar profit in wholesale, is the flow-through of that dollar a lot different to the operating income line?
Thomas Folliard: Yes.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then just lastly on CAF, so you had -- you've had sort of a, I guess, a onetime benefit in the first quarter for the last 2 years. Is there -- how should we think about a normal loss provision in Q3 on a -- sorry, in Q1 on a seasonal basis. I mean is it typically similar to Q -- to the last 9 months of the year? Or maybe you can give us a general dollar amount just so that on a go-forward basis, we can model it properly?
Thomas Folliard: I don't think we can give you guidance on what a normal world is, especially given the fact that we've had to adjust our loss expectations a couple of times in the last year and a half. What I can say is the driver of our better loss results came about half, maybe a little bit less than half from actual experience during the quarter, fewer losses booked during the quarter. The remainder was adjustments to our loss reserves that are really driven by that loss experience that we've seen.
Thomas Folliard: I don't think it was a first quarter phenomenon. I think it's the consumer behavior has been changing over time. It happened to be the last 2 first quarters it had an impact that we needed to tell you about.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Right. No, no, I just want to make sure. We shouldn't be modeling that as essentially zero losses in Q1 on a regular basis. It should be closer to, call it, $5 million or $10 million.
Thomas Reedy: We need to assess what we believe the appropriate loss reserve is every quarter. And we're going to adjust to make sure that we are there. And it just happened to be that the first quarter were the times that we saw this, the improvement.
Thomas Folliard: But I mean, what it tells you, Matt, is that the beginning of -- before the first quarter started last year, we told you what we thought. And then at the end of the first quarter, it was something different. And that was the same thing this year. It's not like we went into this year thinking, “Well at the end of this first quarter, we'll have an adjustment.” At the beginning of this year, we took all of our experience. We gave you the guidance that we gave you. And at the end of the first quarter, our experience was different than we had anticipated just 3 months ago.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Right, okay. And then I guess just lastly, the decision to retain more loans as opposed to flow those to third parties, is there anything specific around that? Are you feeling about the environment or out of the woods? Or just the profitability on the loans is so good, you'd like to keep some for yourself?
Thomas Reedy: I think you just answered your question there. I mean, we backed off of that business, not because we thought it was overly risky. We've seen those loans perform in probably the worst environment possible. And we've always said that we've wanted to be in this business to the extent the markets will let us. So I think it's a combination of those factors. It's a combination of the view on profitability versus passing it off to the partner beyond our ability to fund it and the overall environment. And I think we're comfortable stepping back in to some extent at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Brinkman with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Clearly, the wholesale volumes were very strong on strong comps. How are you thinking about the drivers of these lines going forward? I know you mentioned that appraisal traffic was the biggest driver. But are you doing anything different to drive appraisal traffic, such as changes to advertising? And did your buy rate also improve as customers were surprised how much their vehicles were worth?
Thomas Folliard: In terms of advertising, it's always been a relatively steady diet of we buy cars is what we call it. We buy cars advertising. So no, we have not had a big change in the way we market this piece of our business. I think it's a dynamic that we couldn't have anticipated with consumer behavior around, particularly around that segment of car, the $3,000 to $5,000 car that we seem to be getting a lot of people bringing those in to sell them to us. And as you can see, the volumes are very disproportionate to retail and have been now for well over a year. But I mean, we could speculate on why that is. But in terms of our behavior being any different, it's not.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay and...
Thomas Folliard: And I already talked about our ratios and buy rate.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Did you say what your self-sufficiency rate was for the quarter?
Thomas Folliard: It was in the low 40s. So it was up year-over-year, a little -- up 3 or 4 points year-over-year and flattish to the first quarter -- to the fourth quarter.
Ryan Brinkman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, great. And then just last question, you mentioned in the prepared remarks, particularly you mentioned experimentation, even thought experimentation may be with new store formats. Is there anything you can elaborate further on this? For example, could it possibly entail a smaller store format that could increase the ultimate store potential that had previously been estimated at roughly 300 or so?
Thomas Folliard: Well we've always said 200 to 300, but built into that 200 to 300, we contemplated a successful smaller store format. And right now, we're evaluating and working on it, but we don't have any plans in the announced growth phase that we've already announced. But we'll get back to -- we had built Charlottesville several years ago. And we talked about that being our small store format. And we do -- we will get back to building some small stores and testing them, but we don't have anything planned for this year. The other format store we talked about, I think I've talked in the past about evaluating our existing box and can we do something different and more creative, and we're also working on that. And we don't have anything to report on it yet, but I think we'll get a -- really a newer format store is more of an evolution from our existing stores. And I think we'll have something up and running by maybe the end of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Clint Fendley with Davenport.
Clint Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC: In the last few weeks, we've seen some of the buyer-to-seller direct competitors like Auto Trader providing online guarantees and really tightening their alliances with new dealerships. Have you seen or do you expect that to impact your ability to procure your inventory here while supplies remain tight?
Thomas Folliard: Well we're well aware of that program. We're paying very, very close attention to it. It’s very difficult for us to see impact with the numbers that we've been delivering. A 32% increase in wholesale, that's all bought through the appraisal lane on top of a 50% increase in wholesale of the year prior. Really record buy rates for us. Big increases in our traffic in that area. Right now, it's just difficult to see an impact, but it's something that we're very aware of, we're paying very close attention to, and we'll see. We'll see if it develops over time.
Clint Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC: I know you guys have done a lot of work around just upfront online offerings to your customers. I mean, does this new offering by Auto Trader accelerate possibly some of your beta testing that you're doing here?
Thomas Folliard: We really haven't done much with upfront. I'm not sure what you mean on that. Upfront?
Clint Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC: I know you've done some work to where the customer can come in and try to arrange transfers and things like that online, possibly without coming into the store. And I wondered if maybe you would think about doing the same on the pricing for a possible appraisal?
Thomas Folliard: Yes, I mean, we're going to continue to look at what our other options are. But it's very, very difficult to put an accurate offer on a car without seeing it on a description from the general consumer population. I think it's actually impossible to do consistently well. Our research on the things that have been going on with Auto Traders, most of those offers are being redone once the consumer actually gets to the store. And that's kind of against the way we think we should do business. So it doesn't mean we won't try to test some -- giving the customers much more information or as much information as possible so they can make an informed decision. But in terms of coming up with a hard offer with somebody else entering their data in a system, I just -- I'm not very confident in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Duff with Gilder.
Patrick Duff: I'm good. Actually, all my questions answered. I couldn't get off, but I'll just say congratulations.
Thomas Folliard: Thanks, Pat.
Katharine Kenny: Thanks, Pat.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG: This is Dan Galves in for Rod this morning. I wanted to follow up on the wholesale business a bit. Auction volumes were down about 8% in 2010. CarMax wholesale volumes were up 33%. So obviously, you're taking a lot of share from the auctions. A few questions on that. Do the auctions see you guys as a competitor, and is there anything -- any kind of competitive action that they could take to hurt you? And on the other hand, I mean -- or do you have any testing in place or potential -- is there any potential for you guys to start consigning other people's vehicles in your own auctions?
Thomas Folliard: On the first part, I don't think that mathematically, if you went and did the -- if somehow it could be done, I don't think we're actually taking share. We're looking at 2 completely different customer bases. Dealers -- I mean, I'm sorry, auctions are recruiting dealers and banks and off-lease companies to bring cars to the auction and railcar companies and things like that. We're only buying cars from consumers. Every car bought individually for a consumer. We've never once brought a car in from a dealer to run in our auction. So I don't think the auction's really view us as a competitor, nor do we view them as a competitor for that product. We obviously compete for dealers to come and bid on cars, but not for the car themselves. And in terms of consigning other cars, right now we have no plans to do that. I don't think that's something we would do. We have an exceptionally high sell-through rate. We sell about 98% of everything we run. The reason we can do that is because we own all those cars, and we can make the decision to sell them. I think it would add a level of complexity. And it would be a whole different business for us to go out and recruit other people to bring cars to their auction. And I think it would lessen the quality of auction that we currently run. We focus on customer service in that business just like we do on the retail side. And I think we run a great auction, and I think that just adds the potential to mess it up a little for us, slow down our turns. And ultimately, I don't think it's the right decision.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, that makes sense. And is there any point in the wholesale business where your kind of infrastructure, your capacity to continue to increase the volumes gets constrained and you have to invest in infrastructure facilities?
Thomas Folliard: We've already actually done that in a couple of locations. We've built a separate facility up at our Laurel store. We built an offsite and separate facility in Sacramento. Every time we do that, we're obviously looking at the return on investment required to justify the construction. But remember that we only run auctions in about half our stores. So we have lots of extra capacity to continue to grow the business. But it's absolutely a factor in our decisioning whenever we go to a new market, we have to factor in the acreage required to run an auction. So when we go to new markets like we're going to go to this year like Bakersfield, California, we have to think about what are we going to do with the auction cars? Now a lot of times, we'll open a store, and we'll just run those auction cars at a different store. And we plan from the beginning not to run an auction at that store. So we'll open Escondido, California, in the next couple of months. And that's a store that will not have its own auction, but we plan for that in advance.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, and just a couple of questions on CAF. Can you talk a little bit about how customer rates have trended since the last securitization? Also it looks to me like the cost of funding on some of the pools that are in the managed receivables, the cost of funding has gone up a bit in your disclosures. Is that true, and will that be a drag on future -- on the interest margin in future quarters?
Thomas Reedy: I'm not sure where you're seeing the cost of funding going. I think all our recent deals have been pretty strong relative to history.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess I meant that if you take kind of one -- a particular loan pool from the kind of the February disclosures to the May disclosures, it looked like the cost of funding increased. I thought maybe because of the increases in the benchmark rate. Is that not the case?
Thomas Reedy: It may have. But remember, we also hedge our benchmark risk as we're originating loans. So what we're really trying to do is lock in that spread between APR and cost of funds at the time of origination, as we originate.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, that's very helpful. And how has the customer rate been trending? I think your last deal was like 8.6%. Are the loans in the warehouse facilities, have they had higher customer rates than that or lower?
Thomas Reedy: I think if you look at, like the last deal, we've been trending pretty consistently with that, except this quarter, as we talked about, we introduced more of the lower credit tiers back into the portfolio. And we'll be doing that on a go-forward basis, so you could expect to see that APR, that average APR going up because the mix is shifting.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Tom, I know historically you kind of viewed $1,000 as an upper barrier on gross profit dollars for your wholesale units. And obviously we've reached that this quarter. What do you think the right way to think about that going forward is? And I understand we're in a fairly extreme environment as you already mentioned in terms of supply-demand. But just in terms of the gross profit dollars per wholesale vehicle, what do you think the right way for the investment group to think about it is?
Thomas Folliard: Well I wish I knew, Scot. We've talked about $1,000 being the top end. And we went over here, and we talked about all the dynamics that led to that. But we don't think that, that's a sustainable number for us. So we've never really given specific ranges around our expectations because what we've always said is, we're going to move our offers to make sure that we're buying a reasonable number of cars. And at this rate, of about 1 out of 3, it's hard to say we're not making good offers. If we saw that number go down, we would raise our offers and, therefore, lower our margins. A lot of these customers who are selling us their car are also buying a car from us. So that's -- the most valuable piece of the transaction is not the wholesale piece, but it's that customer that also buys a car from us. So I mean, we're going to move along with the marketplace, but we're also going to take advantage of the market whenever we can. And that's kind of the situation we're in right now. And I do think it's a supply-demand imbalance that we've never seen before. And I think when the SAAR goes back up a whole bunch, maybe we'll see some movement in our appraisals, maybe we'll see some movement in our buy rates. And I think that we will almost certainly see a movement in our sales. So it's a pretty unique situation. I don't have a great answer for you. I think these margins are very high, and we don't expect them to be sustained.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: All right. And then obviously average ASPs on used units were up pretty sharply. Can you talk maybe a little more specifically or give a little more color in terms of maybe the different segments you saw? Obviously, I would assume that compact cars were up sharply, but did we see a lot of depreciation in like SUVs and trucks and, let's call it, less fuel-efficient vehicles?
Thomas Folliard: For the quarter, Scot, remember at the end of last -- at the end of the fourth quarter, we talked about that movement being fairly steady from the beginning of the year prior to the end of the fourth quarter where we saw a big shift in sport utilities, away from sport utilities and V8s and towards compacts. We didn't see much movement from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. First you're going to see a difference because, again, it started last year. But from just specifically talking about the first quarter, we didn't see much movement from the fourth quarter.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: All right, that's helpful. And then...
Thomas Folliard: The appreciation to change our average retail was largely across the board. Clearly, compacts have moved more in the last 12 months, but if we’re talking specifically about the first quarter, it wasn't that much different from the fourth quarter.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Got it. And then last, looking for some clarification. I apologize if I misunderstood this, but it sounds like you are financing more of your own vehicles. Did you also say you dropped a couple of third-party vendors in that process? Was that this quarter? Or is that -- you mean over time?
Thomas Reedy: I think what we said and what is the case is, we've reduced the number of loans that we're passing forward to those third-party vendors and retaining a greater portion of them ourselves.
Thomas Folliard: But we didn't...
Thomas Reedy: We didn't -- we're not…
Thomas Folliard: We still have the same lender relationships.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: All right. So it's just the number that you're kind of showing to the third-party buyers?
Thomas Reedy: The program that we were referring to is one where CarMax Auto Finance was selling loans to the third-party guys that represented business CarMax used to do before tightening credit in 2009. And what we're doing is getting back into that business to a greater extent. We've, over time, continued to participate at a much reduced level from where we were historically to keep on top of the pool performance and experience with that line of business. And now we're in a position where we feel comfortable taking back a greater portion of it. But it doesn't change the mix of lenders that we have in the stores.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: This is actually Liz Lane on for John Murphy this morning. On inventory, I don't know if you give this metric, but I was just wondering if you have inventory for the quarter on a days supply basis? And how that number compares to last year and -- or last quarter and a year ago?
Thomas Folliard: We report our dollars, and our dollars were up year-over-year. And I mentioned the reasons for that earlier. Some was our sales increase, some is an average higher retail and some is just -- we intentionally had more inventory this quarter than we did last year's first quarter.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: So in terms of actual vehicles, you had more than last year?
Thomas Folliard: Yes.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And what was the average age or at least directionally of used vehicles sold at retail in the quarter? Is that trending toward older vehicles due to a lack of available late model inventory at all, or is it pretty consistent?
Thomas Folliard: Yes, I don't really -- I don't have that number handy. I don't think it's trended as much as people might think, but it's -- we expect it to move to older because there's less supply in the market. I mean, the SAAR went from $17 million down to $10 million, and has yet to recover. So all those cars are missing from the last 3 or 4 years. I'm seeing if I can get you a little more specific information, but we don't have that handy.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: But generally, that doesn't really impact your gross profit per vehicle at all?
Thomas Folliard: No, and it certainly hasn't so far.
Elizabeth Lane - BofA Merrill Lynch: Right, okay. And just one other one about store growth. I know you're not changing your guidance at all, but are there potentially enough trained store managers to raise that store openings scheduled toward the higher end of the announced range or above? And what are some other constraints, if not management?
Thomas Folliard: Well right now we said 5 this year, which is 3 more, and then 8 to 10 next year. And we will be well positioned to provide all the resources required to get those stores opened from a capital perspective and from a management perspective. And whatever growth plan we decide to do going forward, we'll make sure we're well positioned to do that. And we have plenty of time to get prepared between now and then.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: On the wholesale business, you're clearly selling more cars or buying more cars at wholesale. And that rate of growth is faster than retail. So does that imply that customers are choosing not -- I guess your trade-in customers are choosing to not necessarily trade in then buy a new car, but rather just liquidate their car and raise cash? Or conversely, is that customer trading in a car at your store and then going to another dealership? How should we interpret that data?
Thomas Folliard: That's very difficult for us to figure out as well. I can tell you that with the comp sales number that we had, clearly some of them are buying a car from us. The SAAR was terrible in May. So it's just really hard to figure out what's going on. I think the first point of some people just selling an extra car to raise some cash, that's definitely a possibility. There really isn't great data out there for us to figure it out. The growth rate in our wholesale business has been disproportionate to retail for quite some time. We did have a dynamic where we had a decline in this business for a couple of years prerecession. We're actually still not doing as many appraisals today as we were prerecession, believe it or not, even though we've seen these big increases. So it’d just be sheer speculation to try to figure out what those customers are doing. Remember our offer to the consumer is we make a cash offer on any car, whether or not they're buying a car from us. And at the point of appraisal, we're not really asking them because we want to make sure that, that offer is the best offer that we can give to that customer for that car at that time. And their particular situation of whether or not they’re buying a car is really irrelevant to what their car’s worth. So we can really, could only speculate. But I think your first point is one that we think might have some merit, which is that people are just selling extra cars here and there.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Makes sense. Secondly, the subprime number, your mix of subprime was flat, I think at 8%. Is that a number you expect to remain flat, or is there room for that number to expand?
Thomas Reedy: I mean that really just depends on the mix of customers coming through the doors. The appetite of our non-prime lenders and also how aggressive our subprime lenders are willing to be. So it's hard for us to predict to give any kind of color as to where that should be.
Thomas Folliard: One thing we could tell you though is the current, our current subprime offering, if we got more of those customers in, we would sell more of those cars. It's not like they're saying, hey, don't give us any more of this business. We're selling what the mix that's coming through the door.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Got it, that's helpful. And finally, I know you have some pilot stores on the smaller store format. What are the economics of that store format, and are they vastly different than what you see in other stores?
Thomas Folliard: We don't -- we only have the one store, which is in Charlottesville. We have not yet gone into what we would consider a small -- we do have some smaller -- we have stores that sell 1,000 cars a month and stores that sell 200 cars a month. So we have experience all over the board. But our return hurdle is the same for any investment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Himanshu Patel with JPMorgan.
Michael Kimlat - JP Morgan Chase & Co: This is Michael Kimlat in for Himanshu. I just have one quick question from my side. I wanted to get a sense on your provision for loan losses and charge-offs. I want to know whether there is any seasonality here due to any tax reimbursements or anything like that. When I look at the prior year, the first quarter, your provisions were pretty low. But then they were significantly higher in the subsequent quarters. So can you please just provide any color on this?
Thomas Reedy: I guess the best way to address that is that our expectation at the beginning of the year included adjustment for seasonality. So the experience that we're seeing is above and beyond any normal seasonality for cash refunds or anything else. As we said, we really believe that customers are finding money and either by -- because they have a greater desire to pay us or a greater ability to pay us. We have seen fewer loans go bad and, therefore, having to recover fewer cars.
Michael Kimlat - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And how should we think about this going forward?
Thomas Reedy: I think if -- we've got the loss provision which we believe is the best representation of our loss expectation going forward. We look at every, every vintage of origination in our pool. And we look at the experience of those originations. And we come to a conclusion on what our loss expectation should be based on the composition of portfolio. We do that every quarter, and we make our best judgment. As far as where it goes going forward, I can only tell you we'll adjust as we see different experience.
Thomas Folliard: Just like we did over the last 3 years, both adjust down and adjust back up. And you do the best you can with the information that you have. But we're not going to try to speculate on where the market's going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Yake with BGB Securities.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc.: I was just wondering, I had seen -- you had put out -- you had made a big deal about how you took a survey of your customers. And I think 95% of the customers would recommend CarMax to a friend. And I think it was 75% of people who didn't buy a car would still recommend them. I'm wondering, do you have any update on those figures? To me, they are very critical.
Thomas Folliard: I don't, Sam. That was, I think, a couple of years ago when we referenced that number. I know that we look at our total satisfaction from our consumer base on a net promoter basis, if you're familiar with that measure. And our numbers have been very, very strong and, in fact, up from the recession to now. I don't have the specifics of the 2 things that you mentioned, but in terms of the way we measure customer satisfaction, our scores have been very strong.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc.: Would it be fair to say that customer satisfaction's better than it's ever been at CarMax?
Thomas Folliard: Yes.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc.: Okay. And one other quick question. You're building a little cash on the balance sheet. Your results are very strong. I'm wondering, do you have any plans to possibly do a stock buyback, at least enough to offset the dilution from stock options?
Thomas Folliard: That's -- we've looked at that. We've looked at every possible use of cash, and we still believe the best use of our cash is to grow the business and grow stores and invest in our future. And right now, that's our plan. Having a little extra cash on the balance sheet is a good experience compared to 2 or 3 years ago. And 3 years ago, nobody was asking us what we were going to do with the cash that we didn't have. So right now, that's our plan. We'll constantly evaluate our cash position and what we think the best use of that capital is in the long-term best interest of our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: On CAF, your provision for loan losses was actually credit. If we back out the adjustment you made to the allowance, what would the provision have been?
Thomas Reedy: Are you asking if you annualized what the losses in the quarter where, what would be as a percent of... :p id="35957357" name="William Armstrong" /> No, not annualize, but you had a credit of $1 million. You obviously had an adjustment to the allowance that is an offset to the balance sheet. So in other words, how much was the adjustment? In other words, what was the loan loss provision on a normalized basis?
Thomas Reedy: The adjustment was about $10 million or $0.03 after tax.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. On customer traffic, is there any way for you to figure out what the impact might have been from either shortages coming out of Japan or the slowdown in the month of May in the SAAR?
Thomas Folliard: You mean specifically attribute changes in customer traffic to those things? I'd say no.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: All right. Any way to have any sense for what the impact might have been?
Thomas Folliard: No, not that we know.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: And then finally, just kind of bigger picture, what's your outlook, in terms of looking at the industry in the supply-demand imbalance. Do you see that persisting for some time to come, or what dynamics do you see coming towards us that may change that?
Thomas Folliard: I don't think we would have predicted it to stay where -- as long as it has into this -- into really into this year, in this quarter. I don't think the SAAR -- this is just my opinion. I don't think the SAAR can stay where it is. I think it's a combination of population growth and the scrappage rate would just indicate that the SAAR will go back up. I don't know that it will go back to 17. I think somewhere between here and there is probably more realistic, and I couldn't give you any idea what the timeframe is. I'd say that we wouldn't have expected to see what we've seen in the first part of this year. I would’ve expected the SAAR to recover more. But again, I'm just speculating.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Right, do you see a return to full production from the Japanese manufacturers as perhaps helping to improve the SAAR? And then obviously, the impact of that will be more trade-ins coming into the system?
Thomas Folliard: I think that's a definite possibility. And as we've always said, the SAAR up -- the SAAR going up in any meaningful way not only impacts our appraisal traffic, but as always in the past, been an indication of consumer demand and consumer demand for the type of stuff that we sell. So we've always said, we think the SAAR is low. We want it to go up. We think if it goes up, it's beneficial to our business in many different ways.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Mandel with ThinkEquity.
Mark Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC: First, a follow-up on CAF. In the past, you've guided us with respect to the net interest margin expecting that to trend lower towards but not all the way down to that historical range of 4.5% to 5%. Since then, it's obviously gone in the other direction. I was just wondering if you could give us a little guidance, a little more color as to how you expect that metric to progress.
Thomas Folliard: We're obviously not good at it.
Thomas Reedy: And I think what we've guided in the past was that we don't know what the right number is in the new world that it could very well be higher than it had been in the past. But we're going to have to wait and see how that trends out. So as Tom said, we're not very good at predicting it. But I think we continue to believe, as we said last quarter, that it's not unreasonable to expect that, that might compress due to competition, rising interest rates, whatever. It just hasn't happened yet.
Mark Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC: Got it. And then as far as the franchise car dealers are stepping up their used vehicle efforts. Has that affected your business in any way to date? And if not, do you expect any changes in your dynamics going forward?
Thomas Folliard: It's really -- it's another one of those things that's very difficult for us to gauge. One of the bigger measures we have is what is our share gain look like, and we only report that on an annual basis. And our share gain was strong last year and even stronger the year before. We had a great comp sales quarter, despite all the challenges that we've already talked about. And it's not the first time that all the new car dealers have said they're going to focus on used cars. That's been a pretty consistent theme for several years. And I know things are a little bit different right now. But I also think some of what's going on right now is a little shorter term, particularly around the Japanese situation with Japanese manufacturers and the shortage of supply there. You see a lot of those dealers out in the marketplace in a much more aggressive way than they have been in the past. So eventually, I think that will subside, but it's really difficult to look at our results and say that we've been impacted.
Mark Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC: And then another question, on the reconditioning effort, any additional efficiency gains that you can call out?
Thomas Folliard: No, not -- at the end of the year, we said we got 250 sustainable. And we thought, originally, when we talked this, it was around 300. I've said numerous times, I think the last 50 will be a lot more difficult than the first 200. But nothing to update since the end of the quarter.
Mark Mandel - ThinkEquity LLC: And then service department sales slipped a little bit year-over-year. Anything to note on that front?
Thomas Folliard: No, nothing of note.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is a follow-up from Simeon Gutman with Crédit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG: Related to the new car dealer, kind of related to a little bit the last question. Realizing your strategic process is probably a long-range one, and you're taking into account everyone in the market, not just one channel. But anything tactically that you do different in the near term, whether it's sourcing, advertising or even pricing that you can do in response to the new car dealers, which they seem to be taking more share than they had been in the past? So I'm just curious what any near-term reactions may be.
Thomas Folliard: Yes, I mean, again, we're very pleased with the quarter that we delivered. And from a strategic standpoint, we continue to grow pretty much all aspects of our business in a very challenging environment. So in the short-term, we're not really -- it's not like we're out there trying to change some core part of our consumer offer because we think it's starting to lose its luster. So no, nothing really in the short term, other than try to do a great job with every customer when they walk in the door and give them an experience that they can't get anywhere else.
Simeon Gutman - Crédit Suisse AG: But I mean, you've done a great job, but it doesn't bother you that maybe that extra customer could have been coming in your door, but now the new car dealer has an extra vehicle on the lot that caught their attention. And you can't have all the share, but at least, the rate that you were growing at seems maybe a little faster before the increased focus. So whether there's something on the advertising side or social media side that you can even become more ingrained in the consumer's mind?
Thomas Folliard: Well our spending was up on advertising as we talked about. I think some of the initiatives that we've already discussed are also ways to continue to drive more consumer traffic. Some of the stuff I talked about last quarter around what we call EasyShopping, giving the consumer more ability to do things from home. I mean, those are all efforts to make sure that we remain the leader in the industry. And we'll continue to invest in those things. But I mean, it's just when you say short term, short term, everybody has a different definition of short term. We’re not changing what we're doing in the next couple of months. We feel like things are going pretty well. But we are investing in our future.
Operator: And there are no further questions. I'll turn it back over to our presenters.
Thomas Folliard: All right. Thank you, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Thanks once again to all of our associates. Thanks for all you do every day. And we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes our teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-03-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Reedy - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas Folliard - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Katharine Kenny - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Clint Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Mark Mandel - Wedbush Morgan Securities Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Ryan Brinkman - JPMorgan William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc Vivek Aalok Rupesh Parikh Patrick Duff Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Austin Pauls Simeon Gutman - Goldman Sachs John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Quarter Four Fiscal Year 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Katharine Kenny, you may begin the conference.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you. Good morning. I'm not going to talk about the weather today. I guess I'll just introduce everyone who is on the call today. I'm Katharine Kenny, obviously, Vice President of Investor Relations, and I want to thank you for joining the call. We have Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer on the call; Tom Reedy, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President, Finance. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2010, filed with the SEC. Let me also take a moment to remind all of you that we do have an Analyst Day coming up here in Richmond on April 14, and we would love to have you join us. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom Folliard.
Thomas Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone. I do have to say we almost had to cancel the call today with all the excitement in Richmond over the VCU Rams in the Final Four, so go Rams. I'm going to talk about the year and the first quarter. I'll first give you some highlights from our fiscal year and then I'll talk about the fourth quarter a little bit and turn it over to Tom for some finance highlights.  We're pleased to report another record year for CarMax. We reported net earnings of $381 million, an increase of 35% over the record results achieved in the previous fiscal year. Our used unit comps increased by 10% for the year compared to a 1% increase in fiscal 2010. This was largely due to the increase in traffic, but also to an improvement in sales conversion. We estimate that we increased our share of the late-model used vehicle market by approximately 7%.  We achieved an important milestone by recording over $1 billion in annual wholesale vehicle sales. And even though we restarted our growth plan this year, we still reported some modest SG&A leverage.  Onto the fourth quarter. Highlights included used unit comps increased by 12%, despite facing the toughest comparison of the year. This was due to our continued growth in traffic. Total gross profit for CarMax increased by 21% and we achieved gross profit per used unit of over $2,000 for the ninth consecutive quarter, and our wholesale unit sales grew by 41%, largely due to a significant increase in our appraisal traffic, while at the same time, our appraisal buy rate remains higher than historical averages at nearly 30%. All in all, a very good quarter and an excellent year.  I'll turn it over to Tom to talk about the finance side of our business.
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Tom, and good morning. CAF income for the quarter remains strong. For the year, it was higher than we originally anticipated due to the factors mentioned in this morning's press release. First, the continuing environment where the margin between APR charge to the customer and our funding cost remained high relative to historical norms. Additionally, we had better-than-anticipated loss experience, which drove reduction in our allowance for loan losses and our loss provision. Our in-house lending network continued to support sales this year. Credit availability during the quarter and all year was greater than in fiscal 2010. More than 80% of customers applying for credit received enough from CAF and/or one of our lending partners. The share of sales financed to our subprime lenders in the fourth quarter remained consistent to a year ago at 9%, reflecting the normal spike in subprime lending during tax refund season. For the full year, subprime accounted for approximately 8% of our sales versus 6% in fiscal 2010.  As you know, we do not normally give guidance, and don't plan on giving guidance in the future. However, given that this will be just the second year under the new accounting rules for CarMax Auto Finance, we chose to provide a range of guidance for CAF income in fiscal 2012. Underlying our estimate of $205 million to $235 million is an assumption that during the quarter or during the course of the year, the margin between APR charge to the customer and our funding cost will compress for new originations, but not all the way back to historical levels. Also we anticipate that our provision for loan losses will be approximately 1% of managed receivables. Next month when we release our fiscal 2011 Form 10-K, we plan to begin providing some additional metrics relating to cash loan originations, which we hope you will find useful. Tom?
Thomas Folliard: Thanks, Tom. I'll mention just a few other points before we go on to questions. As you know, we're continuously looking for ways to enhance the customer experience and respond to customer needs. In December, we launched our new mobile version of our website and it's off to a great start. Currently, it accounts for approximately 10% of our website visits and an even higher percentage of our leads. We'll continue to monitor customer feedback, and our Web team is already prioritizing the development of a variety of enhancements to our mobile website.  We also recently launched a test of what we'll be calling CarMax EasyShop in two of our stores. This initiative offers customers more capabilities online before going into the store. Those include: They can now set up an appointment with a sales consultant. They could put a car on hold from home. They could begin to complete their paperwork. They can apply for credit and receive financing decisions. They can also initiate a transfer of any vehicle, whether it's free or paid and have it transferred to either Raleigh or Fayetteville. If it's a paid transfer, we can take their credit card information over the Internet and start the transfer process before they even get to the store. We will continue to strive to allow our customers to shop in whatever way that they choose.  One other thing to note, we have seen a change in our mix of vehicles sold over the course of the year, during which time the percentage of customers that purchased an SUV or truck fell from a little over 35% to around 30% at year end. And over that same period of time, we've seen compact and mid-sized car sales grow in a similar percentage in the other direction. And while there are several reasons why this could occur, the increase in gas prices is the most obvious one. But one of the great things about our business model is we can quickly adjust our inventory to offer consumers exactly what they're looking for at any point in time. And as we've mentioned before, our margin performance is not dependent on our mix of vehicles sold.  Let me also note that in today's press release, we included a list of all five stores that we plan to open in fiscal 2012, four of which will be in new markets for CarMax. And we also now believe that we'll be in a position to open between eight and 10 stores in fiscal 2013. And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Simeon Gutman from Crédit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman - Goldman Sachs: Onto used car stuff, first on the top line trends. There was some speculation that the sales strength moderated during the quarter and whether or not if that's true, curious what that dynamic is if you think that pricing for nearly new vehicles is at a point now where customers are gravitating more towards new. Or was it some other variables?
Thomas Folliard: We were pretty happy with the quarter at 12% comps on top of 12% the year before and more importantly, we're real happy with the year. I mean, we had 10% comps in a really tough environment. We felt really good about our performance. We grew our market share by around 7% for the year on top of a double-digit gain last year. So we don't focus as much on a couple of points in a quarter. We were really, really pleased with our performance for both the year and the quarter, and again it was our toughest comparison of the year.
Simeon Gutman - Goldman Sachs: And the access to desirable inventory, I mean that's still the same. And then the conversion within your store, meaning the traffic levels, I mean, any changes there?
Thomas Folliard: Well, I mentioned a few -- on the, when I talked about it at the beginning, most of the fourth quarter was driven by traffic if not all of it. But during the year, we saw an improvement in conversion over the full year. So it was a lot of different factors in there. There's all kinds of movement in credit. The fourth quarter tends to have a little more volatility because of tax return season and our movement in subprime. And it just makes the comparison over a couple of points a little more difficult to really gauge. So we tend to look at it over a longer time period.
Simeon Gutman - Goldman Sachs: But in general, it's not like we're at some tipping point here where customers might be going more towards new because either the incentive spread is making it such that used car pricing has hit a certain point where it just makes sense?
Thomas Folliard: I mean, we haven't seen -- when you look at the specific car data, we really haven't seen the spread tighten as much as you might think. Even though used car prices have been rising and kind of an unnatural depreciation or appreciation curve over the last couple of years, the spread is still what it used to be. The average new car is up around $28,000. So when you look at it on average, our average retail and the average new car price, the spread is as big as it's ever been.
Simeon Gutman - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then second, in the past couple of weeks, we've heard from a couple of the new car dealers that they're adjusting their pricing strategies, anticipating some supply shortages. I think some of them said that they're trying to sell closer to MSRP, that margins are already moving up now in anticipation of that. And so granted that if that happens to the entire supply chain, your acquisition costs may keep going up, but I mean should that translate into higher margins or spreads on the used as well?
Thomas Folliard: Well, we can't comment on the last couple of weeks, so we'll only talk through the end of the quarter. And in terms of the some of the behaviors you talked about, those would only help us. If people are keeping their prices up closer to MSRP, that -- back to the spread we talked about earlier, that would only kind of support the spread. And if you look at our performance over the last couple of years and very high appreciation and depreciation environments which are largely driven by supply, we've been able to maintain our margins during that time. So I don't know that. It does make it a little bit easier if the market's appreciating, and we've talked about it before a little bit of a tailwind on margins. But it's not like we'd look at this as an opportunity to really spike up our margins. We're just trying to maximize and optimize the sales and profitability of the business.
Simeon Gutman - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And let me just make one last -- just kind of specific on Toyota, and I know -- I heard your comments that nothing really in the mix moves the margin. But it seems like there was some margin pressure in Toyota in import last year, at least on the new side, and maybe that's starting to reverse around now. Are you seeing any changes because supply at least has been alleviated on that side a little bit where margins are starting to move up on some of the imports?
Thomas Folliard: Yes, we don't talk that specifically about our margins. We've never talked about manufacturers in particular. But remember where our cars are generally three years old and so some of the pressures you hear from specific new car sales don't -- they don't go all the way down to where we sell. We haven't really seen anything in particular.
Operator: Your next question is from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Curious, as the appraisal traffic has been so healthy and your buy rate so much better. Could you give us an update on kind of where your sourcing is now as a percent of the retail cars that you sell coming from appraisal?
Thomas Folliard: Yes. That stayed a little over 40% in the quarter, and we ended around there for the year. So a lot of our appraisal traffic, it's been a little unusual, a lot of our appraisal traffic pickup has been on wholesale vehicles. So one of the reasons you see our wholesale unit sales so far outpacing our retail sales is that piece of appraisal traffic has come back a whole lot faster than the other side. And I don't have a great explanation for you, but it's very noticeable.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay. A separate question, just an update on where CAF's market share is now as a percent of the cars that you sell or the percent that's financed in-house?
Tom Reedy: CAF is still running about 35%, a little bit over 35% of sales.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Of all the cars that you sell or the ones that are financed internally?
Tom Reedy: That's of all the cars that we sell.
Operator: Your next question is from John Murphy with Bank of America.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just a quick question. Tom, you had a really good trend in showroom traffic for the past couple of quarters. I'm just wondering how much of that you think you is really just from the general recovery in the economy and demand and how much of that is being driven by your increased spend on advertising?
Thomas Folliard: Well, I have a couple marketing people in the room and they're looking at me like it's obviously all our spend. I would guess it's probably a combination of both. When we talked about variable SG&A coming back over the last year or two, one of those pieces is obviously advertising, and we talked about moving that along with sales. When we cut our advertising back a couple years ago by 30%, 35% which was in line with our sales drop, we thought we could do that in the short term, but we're big believers that getting our name out there and building brand awareness is very important to the long-term health of the company. So we're pleased to be able to get back up in some of our spending and really drive our brand name out there, particularly in some of our lower awareness markets. But even in the high awareness markets where we've been around for 10 or 15 years, you can't keep running at a significantly lower level of advertising, at least we don't believe that. So in terms of our traffic, I would have to say it's probably a combination of both and maybe even more so a little bit of the economy coming back some.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then the second question on financing. I just wonder if you could remind us the terms of the Santander agreement, the length of the term on that agreement to you, the subprime financing. And also just wondering if there would be an opportunity for CAF to potentially push down the credit spectrum as the ABS market seems to be pretty strong and demanding of auto ABS and there might be an opportunity for you guys to push further down in the credit spectrum in CAF?
Tom Reedy: I can comment on that. First with regard to Santander, I mean, it's a pretty much a short-term relationship. And the way it works, we allocate them a round of distribution of the loans that we originate or we used to originate and they pay us a negotiated fee. So that's pretty straightforward. As far as CAF taking on more of that business, it's really a balancing act between the economics of that business, our ability to finance and relationships with the partners. And while the market has been a lot stronger as of late, it's hard to predict what it's going to be like in six to eight months which is actually when you have to arrange the financing for the loans you're originating today. So it's obviously something we're continuously assessing. We're assessing our approach, and it's business that we like. So if it makes sense to do it, you can expect us to, but we can't really give you any guidance as to when that's going to happen or how much.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch: There's nothing technically to preclude you moving down the credit spectrum in your securitizations?
Tom Reedy: No. It's just a matter of getting the deals done in the cost.
John Murphy - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great. And just one last question. There was some scuttlebutt around the Dodd and Frank rule-making that there might be some higher risk retention needed in securitizations. Have you heard anything about that? Or have you done any work on that as potentially retaining more risk in the ABS pools?
Tom Reedy: It's something that we've been keeping track of and monitoring. But it's -- we really believe it's still too early to tell what it's going to turn out as and how much risk retention it's going to require. But obviously, we're keeping a close eye on it.
Thomas Folliard: But one thing to note, John, is even if it's -- we talked about what you hear is 5% retention, and at that level regardless of how it's sliced up, it's not a deal breaker for us. It's something we can handle easily.
Operator: Your next question is from Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG: This is Dan Galves in for Rod. I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the question about used supply. If new vehicle inventories, especially Japanese vehicles go down, we're hearing reports that new car dealers are already kind of scrambling to try to get as much used inventory as possible. How does that impact your ability to acquire enough used vehicles? And I guess what's the relationship between potential increases in acquisition price versus what you can get in the market? How do you think about that going forward?
Thomas Folliard: If that's really true and there's a shortage in supply and demand stays the same, then obviously, we're going to have to pay more for those cars and so will consumers, but we've been through that in a much, much bigger scale in my opinion than what this could possibly create when the SAAR went from 16.5 million down to 10 million, and we saw -- in a three-month span, we saw our average retail went up by $2,000 in three months. And we were able to improve our inventory turns and maintain our margins. So I feel like we've been through it, and we know how to manage through it. And if there is a shortage, I feel like we're really good at finding the inventory necessary to meet the consumer demand. One other thing to note is we have a very small market share, one- to six-year old cars nationally, less than 2%. So even if there's a big rush out there, we're still not buying a number of cars that I think is at the level that would cause concern. On average, our market share one- to six-year old cars across our markets is only 5% or 6%. In our more mature markets, it's closer to 10%. But again nationally, it's only around 2%.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. On CAF, one thing, the loan loss provision I think was 0.7% in fiscal 2011. You're saying it could be 1.0% in fiscal 2012. What's the reason for that going up? And also you mentioned that on the collateral spreads, you expect some compression in the new originations. On the total pool, do you think -- would you say that the collateral spread on the total pool would be up or down versus fiscal 2011?
Tom Reedy: With regard to the loan loss, I think you can -- the lion's share of it is the result of us having to adjust the loan loss provision downward last year. So if you look at FY '11 versus what we're expecting in FY '12, it's not really an increase in expected losses from where we stand today. It's really the fact that we had adjust downward in the first quarter of FY '11. With regard to that, your second question, could you repeat the...
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess, I'm just saying like the collateral spend on the total pool, you have newer pools that have much higher spreads than the older pools. As those fall -- as the older pools fall off, combined with potential compression in the newer pools, what do you expect for the kind of the average collateral spread that you'll be booking in interest income in FY '12?
Tom Reedy: We can't give you what we expect the spread to be because we really can't tell. There's a lot of factors that go into it. As you kind of pointed out, it's portfolio where things roll off and come on to the portfolio. And the majority of the paper in that portfolio is out there in public transactions where you can kind of -- we have a lot of information between SEC filings and between our monthly reporting. It can give you information about that. And I think going forward, we're going to give you some metrics about new originations, so you'll have information about that, which you don't have and what you don't know and we don't know is how much is going to roll off, off of each of those portfolios. So we can't tell you that. We don't know what our future funding costs are going to be on the portion of loans that are not yet in a public deal. So you're going to have to make assumptions on that. And we don't really know losses, but we've given you some guidance on that for FY '12. So I can't give you guidance on what the overall portfolio is going to do, but I think you could look at what's out there and you're going to have to make some assumptions on what's going to roll off and what is it that we're putting in.
Thomas Folliard: And obviously, it's baked into our guidance that we gave for the year. It's in the range there and you'll have to have -- some of that detail is we're guessing at some of it as well.
Dan Galves - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And just one other one. Can you give us an update on your expected CapEx per new store going forward?
Thomas Folliard: Well, it's a little complicated. Our CapEx guidance for the year was $225 million and our average CapEx per store is in the $15 million to $25 million range, depending on the size of the store. What's really difficult is to figure out the timing of when the capital is actually spent. So we've talked before, it's about a three-year lead time from the time we decide to go to a market to the time we actually open the store, and from the time we actually commit to a piece of property, from the -- to when we pay for it and when we start construction. It's kind of all stretched out. So when you look at the $225 million we set for this year, that's not really just to build the five stores this year, it's also investments in the next couple of years as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital.
Austin Pauls: This is Austin Pauls on for Scot. My question is on the reconditioning costs. I think you said that U.S. rate added $250 per vehicle. If I'm not mistaken, I think you'd said $200 in the past. Are you seeing additional efficiencies there?
Thomas Folliard: Well, when we first started this, and I don't remember the exact time but I think it was in the fall of calendar '08. We said we thought we had about $300 of waste that we could go after in our reconditioning process. And over the last couple of years, as we've achieved those savings, we have -- and then we felt like they were sustainable going forward, we've gone ahead and announce them. At the end of last year, we said we had achieved $200 worth of savings. At that time, we were actually above that, but we wanted to make sure that the dollar amount was sustainable. So as this year has gone on, we now feel really good about the $250 and that's a cumulative savings going back to the fall of '08 that we have now achieved that and it's sustainable and it will be reflective going forward. You could almost see it in our changing margin performance over the last couple of years. And in terms of getting the full $300 that we mentioned, we really feel like the last $50 will be harder than the first $250. So that could take even longer because now you're really starting to get into very like kind of minutiae and very detailed refinements of the process to save a couple bucks here and a couple bucks there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Brinkman with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Brinkman - JPMorgan: Could you speak to the potential impact on same-store retail unit sales in 4Q, related to changes in tax refund anticipation loans year-over-year?
Thomas Folliard: Well, that's a factor in every year's fourth quarter. I think the only thing that really makes much of a difference is the timing of the tax refunds, and they were a little bit different this year. But by the end of the quarter, I'd say it was about what we expected.
Ryan Brinkman - JPMorgan: Okay. And then also, could you talk about the fact that wholesale ASPs increased quarter-over-quarter to a record, which is a good thing, but retail declined sequentially. Is this reflective of higher prices at wholesale and potential inability to pass on wholesale price inflation at the retail level or is this a quirk?
Thomas Folliard: I didn't even actually notice that. You're talking about ASPs and not margins, so if you thought about passing on price, I would look at it more on margin than anything else, and our fourth quarter margins were fine. And then wholesale, as I said, it's outpacing our growth in sales, but our margins are also very strong.
Ryan Brinkman - JPMorgan: Okay. Great. Then just last one. I appreciated your three comical Super Bowl ads in the quarter. Does this portend a shift toward more national advertising? And what is your thinking right now as to advertising expense as we head into 2011?
Thomas Folliard: It does not change anything about our view of national advertising. The Super Bowl is a very unique event for us. And to do that -- to do two ads on the Super Bowl nationally cost a couple million extra dollars. To do national advertising over the course of the year is significantly more expensive. So we did it for a specific reason to get our name out there, to get some brand awareness. In terms of a steady diet, we're still not at the size where it makes sense. It's really just a mass gain for us. When we get to a point where national advertising provides leverage, then we'll do that. But at this point, it doesn't. This year, for the first time though, we will have a little bit of national advertising in radio and some parts of cable. But the savings from that will be immaterial.
Operator: Your next question is from Patrick Duff with Gilder.
Patrick Duff: Can you guys give an update on the number of sales associates and associates at year end and whether or not you feel the stores are appropriately staffed or your level of business you have at the current moment?
Thomas Folliard: I don't have the exact numbers on sales consultant and total staffing. I can tell you though that you may have seen some press releases we had during the fall about hiring up. A lot of that was in the sales consultant side, as well as technicians and detailers. We made a ton of progress through the fourth quarter, and we feel pretty good about where we are right now. Sales consultant staffing is always a challenge for us. It's a full commission job. It's nights, it's weekends. It's a little bit higher turnover than some of our other positions. So for the most part, we’re where we want to be. We have a few stores that are understaffed. This is always a busy hiring time for us heading into the spring.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison with Robert Baird.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: First question, to what extent did your consumer sourced ratio drive your gross profit per car? Did that mix change much?
Thomas Folliard: It did not change much, so it didn't really have any impact in terms of like third to fourth quarter.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: In terms of your subprime mix, any changes materially there?
Thomas Folliard: No.
Tom Reedy: No, subprime. Same year-over-year and -- up year-over-year, but similar quarter-over-quarter.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: What was that number, 8%?
Tom Reedy: 9% in the quarter.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And with respect to the new stores you plan to add, is there any change or tweak to your format? Or are you comfortable with the footprint you've got?
Thomas Folliard: Well, we're constantly tweaking and adjusting. I think we've done a really good job over the last 10 years of being able to do more out of a smaller box. So I think we've refined our satellite store to be I think pretty efficient and, but in terms of from when we were just most recently opening stores, no, not very much at all.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So a quick question on the inventory. We noticed during the quarter that the inventory levels instead of -- they typically would go into the spring, it seemed like they were actually coming down in February and into March. And I was just wondering if there's anything going on there specifically, in terms of less inventory per store or more inventory productivity?
Thomas Folliard: Our inventory in the quarter I think, Matt, was up a little over 20%. And our store sales were up 14%. And if you adjust for average retail, you’d probably knock about four points out of that. So I don't know what number you're referring to.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: We were just looking at total cars for sale on the site from kind of January or December into February or March, it looked like it was sort of ticking down sequentially. Maybe we're not doing that the right way, but it seems like it would typically go up into the spring.
Thomas Folliard: When we report our inventory, we report all inventory, everything that we own. So that includes all of our WIP inventory as well, the work-in process stuff that's not salable. So I haven't actually looked at it the way you just said. But I can just tell you from an inventory standpoint, we're about where we want to be. We've felt better about our inventory in the fourth quarter this year than we did the fourth quarter last year when we actually talked about how we were under inventoried.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Got it. Okay. And then secondly on the CAF guidance for the year, does the high end of that range -- does the entire range assume a 1% loss rate? Or is there some variation in that? And can you talk to what you're expecting in terms of spread degradation within that range?
Tom Reedy: The range incorporates potential changes in losses and spreads and everything going on in the business. So you can take that for what it is. As far as the spread compression, we've talked about this -- I don't like calling it this way, but this margin between the APR we charged the customer and our funding cost being abnormally higher, higher than historical levels for some time. As we've said last quarter, it's been in the ballpark of 7% or a little higher, the last several ABS transactions seen in the public market. It was in that ballpark of just under 7% in the deal we closed a couple weeks ago. And history has been that's in the 4.5% to 5.5% range. So one thing I want to plan here is we don't know what the new normal is. Because we're frankly in a new world after the capital markets were in disarray. But we are assuming that we're going to move south on that spread a bit less than halfway to where it used to be over the course of the year. Remember, that's on new originations only because everything else is locked down in the public market.
Matt Nemer - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then lastly, I realize it's only been a week or two, but on the EasyShop program that you're testing right now, what kind of time do you think you can save per transaction with some of those changes? How much time can you take off of a typical transaction?
Thomas Folliard: Well, it is too early to read any results, but depending on the customer's needs, a significant amount of time could be taken out. I mean, a customer could now select a car. Let's say that car needed to be transferred. They could initiate the transfer from home without speaking to anybody. They could pay for that transfer with a credit card payment. They could apply for financing, get approved, fill out pretty much all of their paperwork and then set an appointment to see a sales consultant at the store. And when they -- and if there's not a trade involved, when they show up at the store, I mean, they're pretty much done if the car is there and ready. And in terms of once they get to the store, having them in and out the door, I'm sure we can do that in less than an hour. And I don't know how much time they would have spent at home on the Internet, but again, our main goal is to let the customer do whatever it is and shop however it is that they want to shop. If they want to do more from home, we want to provide them that capability. So I mean we're real excited about the components that we're allowing consumers to do from home, but the results are yet to be seen. But in terms of time savings, it could be enormous.
Operator: Your next question comes from Clint Fendley with Davenport.
Clint Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC: On your market share increase by 7% for this last year, if I'm not mistaken, I think that's a slightly slower rate than the 10% we saw last year. Any reason for the difference?
Thomas Folliard: At that level, a couple of points. We don't really try to read into it too much. We've talked about market share data being a bit squishy. We went away from giving quarterly data because we weren't comfortable with its accuracy. There is no great measure out there for market share. We do have a consistent measure that we try to give every year. We have to buy DMV data, but that data can be very inaccurate, even when we compare it to our own actuals. Over the course of the year, we feel pretty good about it. Directionally, we're pretty sure it's right. The way I would think of it is we've grown our market share 10% and then 7%, one year on top of the other. And last year was actually a bit above 10%. So we have close to 20% market share gain in two years. We're pretty happy with that.
Clint Fendley - Davenport & Company, LLC: Okay. Great. And then on the substantial increase that you saw in your appraisal traffic, I'm wondering did you see relatively higher levels of traffic at your standalone car buying centers?
Thomas Folliard: The car buying centers are a very, very, very tiny piece of the puzzle for us. We only have five compared to 104 stores. And in terms of the volume of appraisal, they're not close to what one of our big stores does, and actually I don't even know the increase. My guess is it's about in line with the increase in the other stores but the numbers will be a lot smaller.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Rupesh Parikh: This is Rupesh Parikh for Brian Nagel. Did you see any of impact from the adverse weather during the quarter?
Thomas Folliard: That's always a factor in the fourth quarter, and we did have some times when a bunch of our stores had to close for a number of days. We have always felt that in our business, different than let's say groceries, we get that business back. So our guess is by the end of the quarter, we got what we were going to get anyway.
Rupesh Parikh: And in terms of the wholesale side of the business, we saw that 41% growth this quarter. Were there any new drivers for that growth outside the higher appraisal rate and traffic or appraisal buy rate?
Thomas Folliard: No, because that's where all of that volume comes from. 100% of those cars sold are bought through the appraisal lane. So that's where all the volume came from, is increase in appraisal traffic and our very strong buy rate and that delivered the volume that you saw.
Rupesh Parikh: Okay. And my final question is where are your current APR rates trending?
Tom Reedy: APR...
Thomas Folliard: You mean actual APR of the consumer?
Rupesh Parikh: Yes.
Tom Reedy: I'd encourage you to take a look at the last transaction. In the public deal we just closed, the weighted average APR was just under 9%, between 8 1/2% and 9%.
Operator: Your next question is from Himanshu Patel with JPMorgan.
Vivek Aalok: This is Vivek Aalok for Himanshu Patel. I had one question on the potential mix shift due to higher gas prices. Given the gas prices movement recently, have you noticed any constituent divergence between used vehicle prices of smaller cars with larger vehicles?
Thomas Folliard: I'm sorry, I didn't understand the question.
Vivek Aalok: Yes. So the question was given the recent movement in gas prices, did you notice any diverging movement between used vehicle prices of smaller cars versus larger cars?
Thomas Folliard: When I talked about the movement in inventory -- in our mix of sales, that was more gradual over the course of the year. It didn't move that much in the fourth quarter. So I think there's a thought out there that this recent spike that has really changed behavior. And from the way it has flowed through for us, we really haven't seen it that way, but it's noticeable from the beginning of the year to now in the percentages I gave earlier where trucks and SUVs have gone from about 35% of our sales down to around 30% and mid-sized and compacts have gone from about 30% up to 35%. So we've seen that movement more gradual over the year. My personal opinion is people are starting to feel like, "Okay, I don't have to worry about gas prices going under $3 anymore," and it's kind of here to stay. We're starting to see that behavior, but in the fourth quarter, it was pretty minor.
Vivek Aalok: Okay. And the second question was on collateral spread. Can you comment on your collateral spreads on recently issued loans versus the spread on the loans issued, let's say, six months earlier? And then, what's your sense on the collateral spread going forward? And what is the normalized spread if you're going to speak on that as well?
Tom Reedy: Were you referring to the spread between what we charge the customer and our funding cost in the auto finance business?
Vivek Aalok: Yes.
Tom Reedy: I think we've talked about that. But in recent quarters, we've experienced that spread between those two in the neighborhood of 7% perhaps a little bit higher. In the transaction that we just closed two weeks ago in March, that spread was just under 7%. If you look back to 2005, 2006 time frame, that number ran between 4 1/2% and 5%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc: The Super Bowl ads, could you just tell us how much you paid for them and how effective they were? I'm not sure how you would measure their effectiveness but any way that you could measure their effectiveness in driving traffic into your stores?
Thomas Folliard: Yes, we're not going to talk specifically about how much we paid for them. I mean, it was widely publicized how much an ad cost, and we have good relationships with our media outlet and I felt good about what we paid. In terms of the impact, we never did the Super Bowl ads to try to drive short-term traffic. I mentioned earlier, it's more of a brand awareness play for us. Opportunity to get our name out there, and we thought it was a good opportunity to try a national spot once where -- as I said, as a steady diet, that would be too expensive for us. So it was more to build our brand. We have a new ad agency. We're pleased with the material that we've had. I think our marketing teams have done a good job of assessing what resonates with the consumer. So I mean we're really pleased with the ads. We were happy with what we wanted to accomplish in the Super Bowl. But in terms of short-term traffic, that wasn't the reason we did it.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc: So is that something you're thinking of repeating then on an annual basis?
Thomas Folliard: That's a decision -- even this year we didn't make it until the latter half of the year, and we'd probably take that same approach this year.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc: Okay. And then one other quick question. I think you said your appraisal traffic buy rate was about 30% in the fourth quarter. What was it in the year earlier quarter?
Thomas Folliard: I think it was pretty close.
Tom Reedy: Might have been up slightly.
William Armstrong - CL King & Associates, Inc: Up slightly?
Thomas Folliard: Yes, it was up slightly versus the fourth quarter last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Mandel with ThinkEquity.
Mark Mandel - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Just to follow up on the reconditioning costs, can you give us some idea on what the reconditioning costs at least pro forma are on your new stores versus your existing? I know the new stores have that flow-through model I believe.
Thomas Folliard: The savings we achieved, we achieved across the board still today more than -- north of 70% of everything we recondition is reconditioned in an old format store. So we never would have achieved the savings had we not done it across the board. And then the new stores that we built, some of those are satellite stores of existing stores. Some of those are satellite stores of existing stores that are in a traditional format. So Escondido, for example, this year will be a satellite of Irvine, which is a store that works in the old format. So the savings we achieved are across the board and sustainable, and we feel great about that. The new format stores in terms of their ability going forward to achieve better efficiencies, we think that it's a better format for us. But the savings we achieved were in all of our stores.
Mark Mandel - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay. And given the long lead times, is there anything in the real estate pipeline that you can share with us in terms of store openings, say perhaps beyond this year?
Thomas Folliard: Well, this year we said five. Next year, we've said eight to 10.
Mark Mandel - Wedbush Morgan Securities: I meant beyond next year.
Thomas Folliard: Yes, that's as much as we're going to give right now. You can see our CapEx number. We have talked about going out and looking for land opportunities which we are continuing to do. We've always been a company that's defined by growth. We're still only in 45% of U.S. markets. We still feel great about our growth options going forward. Just we've given two years of guidance on growth going forward, and there's a lot of uncertainty still in the marketplace and that's all we're prepared to give at this time.
Mark Mandel - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay. And then my final question. Regarding the bump in the wholesale sales which as you pointed out was driven by the increase in appraisal traffic, I mean what can you speak to in terms of what's behind that increase in the appraisal traffic?
Thomas Folliard: We had gone down a little disproportionately for a couple of years actually prior to the recession. But I've also always said that we felt like the SAAR where there's more activity in the marketplace, more customers out there buying and selling cars, whether it's new or used, that we would benefit both on the appraisal side and the sales side. And the SAAR is up in high teens for the year, so I think a lot of it's driven by that. Just more activity in general in the marketplace.
Mark Mandel - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay. So you see that as sustainable then?
Thomas Folliard: Yes, unless the SAAR drops by 20%.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Thomas Folliard: Alright. Thank you once again. I want to thank all of all our associates for all they do every day, and we will see you next quarter. Thanks. Go VCU.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2010-12-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q3 FY '11 conference call. (Operator instructions) Ms. Kenny, you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Good morning. It's Katharine Kenny, happy holiday. It's cold here, but it's sunny and it's going to be 45, so we're happy. We're also pretty happy about earnings this morning. Thanks for joining us on our third quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Reedy, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President, Finance. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2010, filed with the SEC. Now, I'll turn it over to Tom Folliard.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Well, as you saw, we just finished up a record third quarter for CarMax, we are very pleased. Our 16% increase in used unit comps was driven by continued rebound in customer traffic and an improvement in sales conversion, partially due to increased consumer credit availability. This quarter's result showed sustained strength in many of our key areas, compared to the third quarter of last year. Total gross profit for CarMax increased 23%, gross profit per retail unit increased by $127 year-over-year. Our wholesale business has also continued to outperform. Wholesale unit sales increased by 26%, again due to higher appraisal traffic and an improved buy ratio, which remained at similar levels to last quarter at nearly 30%, and our wholesale vehicle gross profit per unit, grew by $51. CAF income of $56 million also supported our very strong performance. I'll now turn it over to Tom Reedy, and he'll discuss a few highlights from our finance area. Tom?
Tom Reedy: Thanks, Tom and good morning everyone. CAF income remains strong. Our portfolio continued to benefit from a relatively widespread between APR and cost of funds, which as you know is locked down on the loans we originate in future ties in the public market. This has been the case for the past several quarters and continued with the $650 million 2010-3 transaction that we closed in early November. Loan loss experience has also trended a bit better than our expectations, which is reflected in the current quarter's provision and ending allowance for losses. As you saw in the release, we believe credit availability helped sales in the quarter. As we mentioned in September, credit availability was somewhat impaired last year because CAF had tightened lending standards and we did not introduce the program where Santander purchases a large portion of CAF loans that we used to originate until mid-November 2009. This year, we had a similar arrangement with Wells Fargo, which has been in place for all of Q3. Unlike the Santander arrangement, which focuses only on CAF's lower tier credit customers, the Wells Fargo program considers financing opportunities throughout the full spectrum of customers that CAF approves. As far as credit mix, we continue to see a higher portion of our sales financed by our sub-prime lenders. Sub-prime represented approximately 8% of our sales this quarter versus 6% a year ago. One last regarding to balance sheet before I turn it back over to Tom. We did end the quarter with significantly higher levels of inventory and this is largely due to an increase in sales and our solid results. Those results have also made us confident to build inventory in-line with more normal sales level, something we're hesitant to do during recession. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you. I'll mention just a couple of other points before we open it up for questions. With the growing trend among consumers are doing more shopping on handheld devices. We have recently enhanced our website by launching a new mobile version. It's a streamline version at carmax.com. It allows customers to search for and view cars on their phones, as well as easily find and contact our nearest store. We are very excited about this next step forward and making it easier for our CarMax customers to find the perfect vehicle. Let me note, that in addition to the three store openings for fiscal 2012 that we announced last quarter, we have this quarter reported on our planned opening for the third quarter of next year in North Attleborough, Massachusetts, which will be our first store in the Providence market. Lastly, I'd like to highlight an important milestone we recently achieved. For the first time ever we have recorded over $1 billion in annual wholesales vehicle sales. This is a team effort across all of our stores and all of our corporate functions. And I'd like to congratulate all of our associates, who've helped us built such a successful wholesale business. And with that, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of John Murphy with Bank of America.
Elizabeth Lane: Hi, this is actually Elizabeth Lane on for John this morning. In addition to the improved credit availability that you noted, are there any other drivers of the increase in the pace of customer traffic that we should make a note of including consumer confidence or better advertising?
Tom Folliard: Well, really when we look at credit availability, that's different than what we consider a traffic drop. That's something that helps the conversion of the traffic that we get. So we've seen nice trends here over the last few quarters, increased traffic and increased sales, and credit availability is just a piece of what helped the sales for the quarter. And we talked about advertising going up at the beginning of the year commensurate with sales, and we've done that.
Elizabeth Lane: And what's the price elasticity of demand that you are seeing at this point, and is there some room to ultimately take price? Will cutting price drive a higher volume and would you think that an extra $100 out of gross profit per unit would materially impact volume at this point?
Tom Reedy: We don't, and if we did, we would do it.
Elizabeth Lane: Yes.
Tom Reedy: So as we have talked about over the last several quarters, we haven't seen elasticity the way it was pre-recession. And although things are slowly getting better, we really haven't seen a big movement there.
Elizabeth Lane: And this one's probably for Keith. From the monthly CAF statements that have come out, it looks like the pool factors have sort of been coming down a bit more slowly month-to-month for each securitization than in the previous years. And do you think people are paying off loans a little more slowly than they used to at the longer end of the curve that then results in a higher pool size and higher CAF income.
Keith Browning: That clearly is the case. But we've actually seen customers delay that, and I think that just kind of goes hand-in-hand with the SARS, that people will pay off their loans when they are buying a new car or a new used car - in our case. And low loans are paying off and those translate into a little bit higher income for CAF, but are marginal.
Elizabeth Lane: And would you expect that to change over time if people start pre-paying a little more quickly?
Keith Browning: Yes, I think when SAR comes back we will see that go back to its normal levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: Just a quick question on the Wells Fargo arrangement. Are they using the CarMax Scorecard or are they using their own Scorecard to approve loans?
Tom Reedy: Yes, the Wells Fargo arrangement, Sharon, is similar to the Santander deal where they are using the CarMax Scorecard for originations. The difference is that Wells Fargo, as we discussed, is buying a segment of a business that represents kind of a full scale of what CAF is approving versus just the bottom half. So you could think of it as like a vertical slice of credit tier as opposed to horizontal.
Sharon Zackfia: Can you remind us at this point then how many third party vendors you are using? I know it's been kind of a movie mixed over time. Are we like four or five at this point?
Tom Reedy: Let me just kind of walk through what we are doing in the stores. I guess the way to think about it is really kind of threefold. First off, we have CAF, which as you know gives the first look. And the originations represent about 35% of sales today. Next we have Santandar, Wells Fargo and Cap One, who participates in originations that they approve themselves. And then with regard to Wells Fargo and Santandar, also participate in the program where they are originating or buying loans that CAF has approved through their Scorecard. That represents just under 30% of sales. And then the remainder is going to go either to sub-prime, which we said is about 8%, a vast majority of that being Santandar or Other, which is 25% plus in general. And that's getting done with financing arrangements today that we've kept outside of our system, so there's some more besides our stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Nemer: If you could just comment on the gross profit per unit, It looks like it followed a fairly normal trend from Q2 to Q3, and then it's typically down. Other than the last few years, it's typically down a little bit. But is there anything going on in the mix or margin availability relative to recon or anything else you could comment on.
Tom Folliard: Not exactly. You kind of said it when you started. It's followed a little bit more of a normal seasonality turn for us. And as you said, the last couple of years, we really haven't seen that. So we are really pleased with the margins that we made for the quarter. Although sequentially they are down from the second quarter, they are up pretty substantially over the last year's third quarter. Again, we are really pleased with the margins that we made, but it is following a little more of a more normal seasonal pattern. If you look at the five years prior to the recession, it's kind of in line with that move.
Matt Nemer: And then on the higher inventory levels, is this similar to the inventory expansion task that you did a few years ago? Could you give us a little more color on what stores are getting the extra inventory? Is it across the board?
Tom Folliard: It's actually the same answer as the last question. Our sales are up 18% in total; comps 16% and sales up 18%. So if our inventory just moved with that we'd be up 18%. All of the rest is another normal seasonal build for us, which if you recall on the last couple of conference calls at this time of year we have been reluctant to go out and buy up heavily in kind of the holiday months, November and December, when historically that's what we would really do. We'd get out there and really build inventories, partly because there is a lack of availability of options being open, because they have more closures around the holidays. There is a lower sell-through rate at the auctions, so it's a little more difficult to build. And we expect our sales in a normal seasonal year to pick up in January and February, so we actually have to start building our inventories now. And if you look at 4 or 5 years prior to the recession, you could see that pattern in our inventory, and that's what that reflects. It's again a combination of the sales increase and then our normal seasonal build that we feel better about doing this year than we have the last two.
Matt Nemer: Just a follow-up on that, could you comment on what impact that is having at the stores now in the last 30 or 45 days that you have sort of more inventory seasonally than you've had over the last few years? Does that improve conversion?
Tom Folliard: It's hard to attribute, but our traffic and conversion were both up for the quarter. I couldn't tell you this because we have more cars, because we have more credit availability, because the market's coming back, because we did more advertising; the answer is, it's probably a combination of all those things. But again, this is a normal inventory build for us, just different than the last couple of years. It'd be really difficult to say how much of our sales increase you could attribute to the inventory build. I would say not very much, because we wouldn't have thought so in the years past when we built inventories.
Matt Nemer: And then just lastly, I know it's early, but could you comment on just anything you're seeing in some of the tests that you're running on online transfers, online appointments etcetera.
Tom Folliard: Yes, it is actually way too early. And when I talked about it at the end of the last quarter, that was probably a little earlier than we normally talk about tests. It's only going to be in two stores, and we really haven't gotten up and running yet. I mean, we are optimistic about adding that functionality for the consumer because we think it's in line with what the consumers want, but right now it's a little too early to comment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Himanshu Patel with JPMorgan.
Himanshu Patel: Just a quick question on the sub-prime penetration. You mentioned 8% this quarter; I think it was 7% last quarter. Where do you sort of see that going over the next couple of quarters?
Tom Reedy: Usually we'd see it increase in the next quarter, because we've got tax returns in it and some seasonality to credit. But as far as where we see it going beyond that, that's going to be dependant on what's coming through the door and the credit quality of customers coming through the door, which is actually down year-over-year, and we've seen that happen. And that's one of the reasons that we are up year-over-year from a sub-prime perspective.
Tom Folliard: It's not really a controllable for us. It's not something that we don't specifically advertise to a certain credit level. And the traffic flow that we get is not as controllable for us internally. And when we book now a subprime deal, it's after that customer has been through every other possible avenue of credit availability for us. Although it's a less profitable transaction for us, we'll take all we can get, because we know that going through to the entire suite of other credit availability that we have.
Himanshu Patel: Do you feel like credit availability is at all hampering sales at this stage anymore?
Tom Folliard: I think relative to the past, we've seen it consistently getting better over the last couple of years. And when we talk about credit availability, it's hard to pin down exactly what it is. For instance, you can have an approval rate where you're approving the account of customers that come through the door. But if you knock in them and offer that they're willing to accept that's not to anything to support sales. And what we're seeing now the combination of factors, year-over-year we're seeing more customers apply for credit. We're seeing more approvals for customer in our system and we're also seeing more favorable terms offered to those customers. And we think all of that's coming together to help sales a bit.
Himanshu Patel: And then any updated comments on kind of the outlook for gross profit per used unit. You certainly talked about that moderating in the future. Should we still think about something a little bit lower than the recent level?
Tom Folliard: All I could say there is we're going to do the best we can with managing our margin in conjunction with all the other pieces that go into it, each and every quarter, and try to do what we think is in the best long-term interest of our shareholders. So we're not going to give any forward looking view into margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Couple of questions, first on the SG&A line, would you see that accelerate a bit here just on a broader look at the year-over-year growth rate accelerate Q1 to Q2 and then to Q3. I assume a lot that reflected as the better sales in the quarter, but maybe some additional color upon that would be helpful. I mean, how much of that up tick actually reflected sales, et cetera?
Tom Folliard: Almost all of it. I mean, almost of the difference that you're referring to compared to the percentages that you saw on the first and second quarter, since this is biggest comp number we've had out of those three quarters as well. It's mostly variable SG&A, combination of variable selling expenses in the stores, advertising. We are continuing to spend on initiatives as we have talked about in the past. But we feel like the SG&A number is right in line with our sales increase and still show some leverage.
Brian Nagel: So then just going forward then, should we assume it's similar type relationship between your sales numbers and then the SG&A growth as we saw in this quarter?
Tom Folliard: That's just another area. We're not going to comment much on the relationship going forward. Again, as I mentioned with the last question, we're just going to do the best job we can with managing all of the components and delivering the best results.
Brian Nagel: This is my second question, I know you've already answered tough questions or few questions with respect to gross margins per used vehicles sold. But I just want to ask another, we've talked a lot in last couple of year or so, the improvements you've made to the reconditioning and processes. Are those the gains you've seen their sticking as sales volumes have picked up or are you still seeing some opportunity to take further cost out of the reconditioning process?
Tom Folliard: Actually the answer is yes to both. We've mentioned that we had achieved $200 of what we considered sustainable cost reduction without hampering quality and in fact completing it. And we've said that at the end of last fiscal year, we've been able to sustain that through the year, despite our sales improvement. And at the same time, we still see opportunities to get more. We talked about a couple of two or three years ago, getting as much as $300 a car to reconditioning and we still think that's doable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Brinkman with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Brinkman: It seems that you're used retail ASPs increased by about 0.5% sequentially in 3Q, while wholesale pricing at least as measured by Manheim, which I know is an imperfect proxy, increased by 2.3%. How do you think about your ability to pass on this higher wholesale pricing to the retail consumer going forward? Higher used ASPs are clearly a sign of strong demand. Is there a dollar amount of ASP at which point you think that demand could maybe start to moderate?
Tom Folliard: Well first on the first question, I think those two numbers they are so close that they are not meaningful. There's not a meaningful difference there and we wouldn't be able to manage within a percent or two anyway. And then remember that more than 40% of what we retail, we buy through the appraisal link. So it's not, as you said, it's not a perfect proxy, because we don't buy everything at Manheim. And what was the last part of the question?
Ryan Brinkman: Just as retail used ASPs continue to rise, which is a good sign. Is there a point at which that could be a negative perhaps?
Tom Folliard: I mean, we don't see it. We haven't seen it yet. We feel like it's a pretty efficient marketplace and there's always a relationship between new and used that allows the market to clear. There's a report out there that the average new car is now over $28,000. So if you look at our average retail around 18, and just look at pure straight averages, there's still a pretty significant spread there between our average car and the average new car. And as you think that spread may have widened during this time, because I think everybody focuses on the piece you're talking about which is used, but new car prices have gone up significantly as well.
Ryan Brinkman: Are you able to comment on your self-sufficiency rate during the quarter and maybe talk about trending in that metric?
Tom Folliard: That was a little over 40%, similar to the second quarter. We continue to make progress in the appraisal lane with both traffic and buy rate, and it was slightly up compared to the second quarter. Several years ago we were as high as 50%; we're not back there yet. In the depth of the recession, we dropped down to around a third.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Credit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman: Just a quick question on the gross profit per (user). I know you have been asked this Tom and in few different ways. The $2100 of per vehicle gross profit, I guess it's safe to assume that doesn't embed any more aggressiveness on the part of CarMax in trying to simulate the sale.
Tom Folliard: Right, I think it's just more seasonality.
Tom Reedy: If you compare it to the second quarter. Because if you compare it to the third quarter last year, it's up.
Simeon Gutman: Right. But seasonally it looks like it acted like it should, but within that I was just curious if there was any of that tinkering with the elasticity.
Tom Folliard: Well, the only thing I would tell you is that we are always tinkering and we are always running tests. And we ran tests in the second quarter and ran tests in the third quarter, but if I look at our overall margin across the chain, I would say there was no impact.
Simeon Gutman: And then second, how do you benchmark your actual foot traffic, and is it just relative to yourself or are there other metrics you are looking at? And then, connected to that can you just talk about the competitive front a little bit? I guess some of the new car dealers have been increasing their efforts - they always are, but even a couple more than usual in the last couple of quarters.
Tom Folliard: When we report our foot traffic, it is only benched against ourselves. So we are actually counting customers in all of our stores. And when we say, traffic's up, that is the only comparison we report as compared to ourselves. In terms of what competitors are doing, you know we had pretty strong comps for the quarter. We are pretty pleased with our overall consumer offer and its strength, and that when a consumer is out there shopping, they would choose us more often than they would the competition. Everybody, as you said that they are focusing more on used cars, when the SAR goes from $17.5 million down to $12 million, that doesn't really impact us because we sell hardly any new cars but it sure impacts you if the majority of business is new. And it makes sense that people would shift some focus over to used. But in terms of impacting our results, it's very difficult to tell. And the reports that you get are from the public new car dealers, and we are not in every market that they operate in. It's not a consistent, competitive front for us from one market to the other. So again, it's not surprising that people would move their efforts towards used cars. But it's difficult for us to see any impact to us.
Simeon Gutman: And then lastly, on APRs - not expecting a forecast on where they are headed, but just in general, should the direction be up, stable or should they start to moderate at some point?
Tom Reedy: We are hoping it would be all of that. I mean, obviously we can't look forward and predict that's going to happen, but I mean, if you look back at our public deals, you can see how much higher they are at today and have been over the last 12 months than they have been historically. If you'd kind of take out the recession and the times when the capital markets were in disruption, we typically realized about a 4.5% to 5.5% spread between APR and the cost of funds. And since late 2009 that's been running north of 7% consistently. But as far as going forward we're going to be at market with our offer to customers and competitive and in the business.
Simeon Gutman: I mean, when you said outmarket, if you start moving, it's going to move uniform in the industry or is there a reaction time to that?
Tom Folliard: We can move quickly. And we consider our rates for the consumer to be extremely competitive with what's available out there by market. And the spread that we are achieving are a result of the offers that consumers can get, not only from us but from everybody else.
Tom Reedy: Yes, one of the things do consistently is look at our (three-day) payout ratios, how often customers take us up on that equity and actually go secure other financing outside of CarMax. We monitor that very closely. That's an indication of how competitive our offer is and we look what's going on in the third party, and we can react quickly if we need to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig Kennison: You've had a lot of success recently. What would cause you to accelerate the pace of new store growth?
Tom Folliard: Well, we are pretty comfortable with the stores we've announced so far, five next year, five to 10 the year after. From a capital perspective, we could probably go a little faster. We've talked about opportunistically looking for land. But that, maybe we are not quite ready to build the store but we may go ahead and do some land banking. In terms of getting stores open, when we stopped a year-and-a-half or two years ago with our growth, we really cut back as everybody saw. And we cut a lot of the functions that were in place to allow us to build that 15% a year for six years. And it takes a while to build that infrastructure back up, not the least of which is building back the management bench in the stores to deliver a great consumer experience each and every time we open a store. And then on top of that we've made a lot of efficiency improvements in our business, and we really have a lot of momentum in that area. And if we were to aggressively jump back into growth, we would be worried about losing that momentum because that's very powerful for the strength of the company going forward. So I am not going to comment much fast on what we have already announced, other than, briefly, some land opportunities. We'll get out there and do it, and when we have more to say about growth, you'll be the first ones to know.
Craig Kennison: And then with respect to CAF, how have the origination fees that you earned changed in the sub-prime and prime levels? Is there an opportunity at all, as credit improves, for you to get a better fee from your partners?
Tom Folliard: Well, they haven't change dramatically quite honestly. We are still paying our sub-prime providers as we always have. And then in the tiers above, we have a fixed fee. We consciously make a decision not to change that even though spreads come and go, just because what we don't want to do is have a demotivation for our third parties to originate with us and the fact that if we get greedy and when periods are higher, conversely, we don't want them asking for less when spreads get narrower. And so what we are trying to do is just optimize the relationship there. And then in the space where we have the CAF loan (behalf) so to speak, where Santander and Wells Fargo are, that is basically a dynamic spread enhancement that actually does fluctuate with the current cost of funds and the APR, and then the risk associated with the loans that they are actually buying using our scorecard. So that one's generally about the same amount that they are paying us in their non-prime space. The fee is far less important to us than the sales.
Craig Kennison: Right, but my guess is, at the sub-prime level there is more demand for that particular paper, and you may not have to spend as much to get that paper unloaded. Is that a fair thought?
Tom Folliard: It's the same paper with the same (FIFO) rate.
Tom Reedy: I was just going to say, our fee structure is already favorable to market. And it's really because they have the benefit of CarMax's unique origination channel where we have the high integrity and the quality of the cars that we have been able to actually have a product that makes our sub-prime provider happy and helps us sell more cars.
Craig Kennison: And then last question, with respect to gross profit per car we obviously have an aging vehicle population. How is that factor, the fact that we have an older population, affected your mix and therefore your gross profit per car?
Tom Folliard: It really hasn't yet, very much. I think some of what everybody keeps talking about with sourcing is still a little further out. I mean, our mix has not moved very much. It all is going to depend on how quickly SAR comes back and what people start trading in because older cars don't necessarily mean lower margin for us; a lot of it's driven by how many miles around those cars, but if people would keep it a little longer then we might get a higher mileage car, which we wouldn't do as well with. So it's really difficult to say right now what it's going to look like going forward, because if the SAR came back very, very quickly, to Keith's point, I think we'd get a lot more trades.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: I guess you mentioned two things regarding the strong comp figures you posted this morning. Obviously a part of it was traffic, but you also mentioned improving conversion rates and I think its part of that improved credit availability. Can you guys try and quantify that a little bit or at least mention an example of why you highlight those as kind of drivers to the comp?
Tom Folliard: Whenever we talk about comps we always try to at least give a little color around it and give you an idea of how much is foot traffic and how much is doing better with the traffic that we get. It's nice to see in this quarter that it's a combination of those two things, traffic just a little bit more than conversion. And then the reason we mentioned the other part is because there has been a lot of movement in the finance world. There has been a lot of movement in credit availability, a lot of changes in what we have been able to offer and the relationships that we've built with our third party vendors and credit availability. So its not a direct convert to sales. But we've always talked about, of 100 applications, approximately 75% of those would get an approval of some kind. And at this time we see that number north of 80%. Is at about an all-time high for us just in terms of how many customers apply for a loan and how many of those got approved. And we thought that was worth noting.
Scot Ciccarelli: Got it. All right, that's very helpful. And then the last question, I know the horse is (good) at this point, but in terms of gross profit dollars per unit, if we were to enter a market where you see ASPs were to start to decline, would it still be possible to increase your gross profit dollars per unit in that comp environment or keep it flat or does that become a headwind if we enter a market where ASPs in the used vehicle market are declining?
Tom Folliard: There are so many other variables that would depend on what's happening with those. If the reason ASPs were declining is because SAR was accelerating, then there'd be lots of other factors that we have to use in order to figure out what our margins ultimately would end up at. What I would tell you is, if you look back at our history, ASPs went from almost 18 grand to 15.5s, and we kept our margins above two grand through that whole time. So I think we are pretty decent at managing it through movement in ASP, but that's about the most dramatic movement we have ever seen, and we were able to manage our margins pretty flat through it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King.
Bill Armstrong: I guess first is a point of clarification on your last comment. So the 16% used unit comp traffic account for a little bit more than half of that, is that correct? Did I get that right?
Tom Folliard: Yes.
Bill Armstrong: What was the ESP penetration during the quarter and how did that compare with a year ago? And could you maybe just remind us what these refinements are that that you've made to the program?
Tom Folliard: In the reported number on that line, you got to remember that GAAP insurance is in there as well. So that provided some of the increase. Our ESP penetrations, we've said, have always been above 50%, we are running a little bit higher right now. And some of the refinements we talked about are largely as how its presented to the customers and the amount of options that a consumer has at the point of purchase. They can vary the deductible, they can vary the length of time that they can buy a warranty. So we've created a lot more flexibility for the consumers and it's going pretty well. We've also had to provide some training for our sales force to be able to effectively deliver the new program. So we've really started that in the second part of this year and its going pretty well. We talked about in the second quarter and we had another strong quarter in that area as well.
Bill Armstrong: Is your sales force incentivized to sell ESPs?
Tom Folliard: Yes.
Bill Armstrong: And then, did you say that your CAF approval rate was over 80% during the quarter?
Tom Folliard: No, that's all applications that we get. How many get an approval from one of the lenders that we provide.
Bill Armstrong: And that set an all time high?
Tom Folliard: Yes.
Bill Armstrong: What was that a year ago, if you have that handy?
Tom Folliard: It was approximately 75%. So just remember we use to talk about and say of the applications that we get, about half of those get what we would consider a prime approval. About half of what's left, would get an approval from one of the other lenders that we provide and about 25% would get no approval of any kind. And that total number is the one that's now above 80%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Dan Galves: This is Dan Galves for Rod. Just had a couple of questions on the SG&A line, in terms of increased personnel to support the store growth. Have you already put a lot of that infrastructure into the business or will there be another meaningful up tick in SG&A due to that.
Tom Folliard: Most of the SG&A difference would be in variable selling expenses related to the 18%, or the 16% comp. So in terms of the bill for future stores with only five for next year, and five to 10 year after there's not going to be a meaning number in there in that line.
Dan Galves: There won't be a meaningful number at this point?
Tom Folliard: I think for the SG&A increase.
Dan Galves: But will there be an up tick for that type of support on next year?
Tom Folliard: But it's going to be in line with the growth plan, and the growth plan we've announced for this five next year, five to 10 and the year after. Yes, but just in line with that level of growth.
Dan Galves: And I just wanted to ask about the last year's quarter was just after cash for clunkers. Was there anything in terms of prior your quarter that what have affected the comp? I mean, what do you say it was an easy comp this quarter or more difficult one?
Tom Folliard: We talked about cash for clunkers last year being a spike in the second quarter. But we also said that by the end of the year, we didn't think that hardly any impact at all, so there maybe a little of that in there. Another way to look at our comps for this quarter is look at it over a three-year period, going back to prerecession, and we're still negative five compared to that number. And if you go first quarter, second quarter, third quarter of this year, we would have been and on a three-year number negative 9, negative 7, negative 5. So when you look at it like that, it looks a lot smother and it looks like it's more of a steady improvement.
Dan Galves: In terms of the seasonal decline in gross profit in the third quarter, what normally causes that? Is that kind of weakness in wholesale prices in the winter months?
Tom Folliard: I think that's a part of it. We always see the depreciation curve is pretty consistently down the most during that time period. And that's just usually the way our margins have flowed. It had gone to the point where it was so consistent for us we really didn't talk about it very much, and didn't get asked about it very much. We're getting asked about it a lot today, obviously, and I think it's because the last couple of years we haven't seen it.
Dan Galves: But did that seasonal decline in wholesale prices in terms of the higher depreciation, did that happen this year?
Tom Folliard: Yes, but still not to the extent it has in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mandel with ThinkEquity.
Mark Mandel: I just wanted to drill down a little bit deeper into the strength in your new car sales and I recognize this is just a small percent of your overall business. But what do you attribute into those strong results to is there an increase in advertising, incentives and traffic conversion, and what are your thoughts on that business?
Tom Folliard: We have to look at the results before we can tell you. Now that's one where I think you can make a strong arguments that the cash for clunkers, after August of last year, we had no inventory. So it's a really easy comp for the quarter for us. That's not a broad statement on everybody else, but we only have a few new car stores. We have a big Toyota stock in Laurel where we did the majority of our cash for clunker deals. We did the majority of those in the second quarter. And I am not looking back in last year, but I am guessing that that's the main reason.
Mark Mandel: With no changes in the way, you view this business on a going-forward basis in terms of how much it might contribute or how much you might put into it?
Tom Folliard: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company.
Scott Stember: Can you talk about some of the new stores that are going online and whether they will be using the flow concept of reconditioning and whether any benefit from that is in your stated goals of $300 per unit improvement?
Tom Folliard: All new stores going forward will be on the flow format, which is an evolving format as it is. So we expect to be able to continue to improve there. But more than 80% of the cars that we retail are still produced in our traditional stores where we have also achieved the level of savings that we've announced. So we think we can make improvements in both formats. We think the new flow format going forward is the right way to go for lots of different reasons, but it doesn't mean that we don't think we can get improvements in our traditional stores that in fact we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John (inaudible)
Unidentified Analyst: It's kind of a multi-faceted question. I was just wondering if you could possibly quantify or give any color around what kind of impact record used car prices have had on things like the recoveries you are experiencing, therefore CAF performance spread there as well as the credit approval process in terms of the people feeling more comfortable perhaps with the underlying collateral on the loan.
Tom Folliard: The strong wholesale prices absolutely have an impact on our recovery rate, but I am not sure how meaningful it is.
Tom Reedy: We're still experiencing record recovery rates at CAF, and that's basically because the wholesale market remains strong. So it does help us.
Unidentified Analyst: And it does help the CAF income when the average selling price is high with a higher dollar volume on the loans?
Tom Folliard: Right. So we're financed in a higher average dollar amount. In terms of approval, I think it's more related to the customer than it is to CAF.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Tom Folliard: With no further questions, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. As always, I'd like to express my thanks to all of our CarMax associates for their commitment. Thank you for all you do every day. Happy holidays everyone. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-06-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny – Vice President, IR Tom Folliard – President and CEO Keith Browning – EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse Sharon Zackfia – William Blair Jaison Blair – Rochdale Research Himanshu Patel – J. P. Morgan John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs Dan Gallatin – Deutsche Bank Brian Nagle – Oppenheimer Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets William Truelove – UBS Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates Tricia Gill – Wells Fargo Securities Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tanya, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Quarter One Fiscal Year 2011 Quarterly Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Katharine Kenny. Ma’am, you begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Good morning. 104 in Richmond today. I’m Katharine Kenny, Vice President of Investor Relations at CarMax. I know you all want an update on the weather here. I’m also pleased to announce that CarMax was added to the S&P 500 as I’m sure you’re all aware. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2011 first quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today as usual are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2009 filed with the SEC. One last comment, I think you will notice today that we have shortened Tom and Keith’s prepared remarks. Our reasoning was to reduce the redundancy of information readily available in the press release and focus more on questions from our conference call participants. Again, thanks for joining. I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning everyone. Well, we’re pleased to report a 9% used unit comp, used unit comp growth in the first quarter of fiscal 2011. This was driven primarily by an increase in our customer traffic. On a two-year basis our comp store unit sales trend improved sequentially from a negative 14% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 to a negative 8% in the first quarter. Now, let me highlight some of our key achievements for the quarter. Year-over-year we improved used vehicle margins by over $200. We delivered both strong sales execution and strong inventory turns. Our wholesale unit sales grew by 52% and our buy ratio, which is percentage of cars that we appraise, how many of those we buy was over 30% for the quarter, and we also increased wholesale gross profit per vehicle. In addition, CarMax Auto Finance had better than expected quarter which Keith will provide a little more detail in a moment. Our notable increase in used vehicle gross profit per unit was due to a variety of factors, including greater self-sufficiency, which is the amount of inventory that we retail that is sourced through our store appraisal lane. Also as you know, the dramatic wholesale price appreciation we saw last year represented a substantial tailwind for our gross profit per used vehicle and it continued to support our gross profit during the first quarter, although to a lesser extent. Other factors supporting the increase in gross profit were our reduction in reconditioning costs, which we have talked about previously and once again strong inventory turns. Now, I’ll ask Keith to comment on CarMax Auto Finance results. Keith?
Keith Browning: Thanks, Tom. Good morning. As you are aware, this quarter was our first quarter after adopting the new accounting rules for CAF, which require us to account for term securitizations as secured borrowings as opposed to accounting for these transactions using gain on sale accounting. As expected, our quarter was strong due to the historically high spreads between rates charged to consumers and our funding costs, but it was also positively impacted by better than expected trends in net charge-offs. Lower charge-offs along with record high recovery rate of nearly 56% caused actual losses to be approximately 30% below our projections and significantly below the trends we’ve been seeing over the last 12 to 18 months. All of the reasons for these loss trends can’t be known but we don’t believe they were unique to CarMax. We believe other companies are seeing improved loss performance as well as better recovery rates due to the high wholesale vehicle prices. This strong performance led us to lower our loss reserves for future periods. The combination of better loss performance and lower reserves positively impacted net earnings by approximately $0.03 per share this quarter versus our expectations. As you know, we provided one-time CAF guidance at the beginning of the fiscal year to assist investor with the transition in the securitization accounting rules. However, we will neither be providing nor updating that guidance on a going forward basis, as is consistent with our current earnings guidance practices. At CAF we continue to test rate sensitivity and as a result we did reduce rates to some customer segments later in the quarter where our tests indicated it made sense. Our 90-day agreement with Santander was renewed at the end of May with more favorable terms, consistent with the current industry profitability. It will now be automatically renewed for 90-day periods unless terminated in advance by either party. During the quarter we entered into a second warehouse facility that renews in February of 2011. Our total capacity remains $1.2 billion, but we believe staggered renewal dates help spread risk and provide greater flexibility. Overall, third-party finance fees were lower, reflecting subprime penetration that was almost 8% of sales, compared to approximately 4% in last year’s first quarter. We believe this is partially a result of lending standards on our non-prime lenders that are still tighter than pre-recessionary levels. However, we also believe that the continuation of Santander’s positive experience with CarMax and our unique origination channel have resulted in an increase in both the quality and the volume of their approvals. Now, I’ll turn the conversation back to Tom.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Keith. I’ll talk about SG&A for a minute. After adjusting for the favorable litigation settlement in last year’s first quarter, SG&A this quarter increased by approximately $13 million, a 6% increase over last year, despite the 9% increase in used vehicle comps. The majority of the increase in spending was related to variable selling expenses, advertising and costs linked to this year’s store opening, such as pre-opening and relocation. As we previously stated and assuming no economic deterioration, we will continue to invest in some key initiatives related to carmax.com, as well as, several other IT projects and additional training for our associates. Also, as you know, our plan during the first half of this year was to open three stores that we previously completed construction on, but had refrained from opening during the recession. I’m pleased to report we opened our Augusta store in May, which would have opened in the first quarter and just last week we opened up both Dayton and Cincinnati, to complete our opening plan for this fiscal year. At this time, Keith and I would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman with Credit Suisse.
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: First, Tom, on the used comps, is it possible to maybe quantify how much was driven by some of the increased credit availability. I know you mentioned the penetration at least in subprime was better but how much of that ended up getting converted and helped drive the topline?
Tom Folliard: Probably not very much at all, because you remember part of Keith’s comments on the subprime increase was that some of the third-party lenders had tightened up some, so I think it’s probably a little more of a shift than it is an increment. So I don’t think very much of the 9% has anything to do with credit…
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: Okay.
Tom Folliard: I’d mention that, mostly for us in the quarter it was almost all customer traffic.
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: Right. And as far as that traffic went, I mean, without commenting month-to-month, which I’m not sure you typically do, can you just say whether there was a steady flow throughout the quarter or was it variable?
Tom Folliard: Yeah. You were right. We don’t comment month-to-month and I’d just tell you that for the quarter, from the beginning to end, it was mostly customer traffic increase that delivered the 9%.
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then second, which I’m sure you get a lot of in a different way, just on the gross profit, where we’re at today and maybe starting -- I’m curious if you’re starting to feel that there is something more structural here, I mean, given the tight supply of late used vehicles out there. And you mentioned some of the cyclical things but just curious if you can give some more color on that?
Tom Folliard: Well, there’s a number of different things that go into our gross margin. Clearly, the wholesale appreciation is a big factor, although it’s not been nearly as pronounced this year as it was last year. So it did help some this year but not nearly as much as last year. I mentioned self-sufficiency. We’ve talked before where we make a little more money when we buy the car. When we sell a car that we source through the appraisal lane and that number went up for us and that’s a combination of traffic and our buy rate being strong for the quarter. So that helped in the quarter. And then, we talked about reconditioning cost savings in the past. We said at the beginning of this year we now achieved a $200 cost savings, while at the same time raising our quality. So really that’s $200 of margin availability where we don’t actually have to raise our price to achieve additional margin. We believe now with our price perception studies that we have very positive price perception from our consumers and in fact, our price perception today is stronger than it was pre-recession. So we feel, okay, about where the margins are, but as I’ve always said, we’re going to manage it quarter-to-quarter and we’re going to try to optimize both sales and profitability. But there are a number of different factors that go into our ability to achieve strong margins.
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: And are you still of the view there will be a reversion at some point or you just not expecting that, because in the past, I think, you talked about maybe this is what it’s been historically and we don’t expect them to stay at these levels. Is that still the view?
Tom Folliard: We’re still of the view that we have, that there’s so much volatility and so many different factors out there, that we really can’t say, what we, we really don’t know what’s going to happen going forward. But what I can say is, we feel very confident in our ability to manage and try to optimize both our sales and profitability. And I do think, we’ve been in a unique circumstance, although it’s been extended longer than we thought it would go, in our ability to achieve strong margins. So I really can’t say, but I just feel very confident in our ability to manage through it.
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then last question for Keith. I know you won’t update the guidance on CAF, but mentioned in the press release the annual CAF income annualized was about 5.5%. I think the midpoint of your guidance it was implied about 4% and then, there were a couple things you mentioned here and there. But even if you look at the collateral spreads that you publish monthly, some of the older securitizations for only 5% or so and now you’re at 5.5%. So, I guess, the only question that I’m hoping you can answer there is, what -- how sustainable are these lower charge-offs going forward, at least what is your expectation of how sustainable they are?
Keith Browning: Well, the lower charge-offs as I said were 30%, which is significantly lower than our expectations. So quite honestly, that is something that’s difficult to predict as well. And our forecasting ability obviously takes into consideration the more recent performance, but it doesn’t project that level of outperformance going forward. And if we knew all the specific reasons why it was significantly ahead of our expectations, we would obviously be able to do a better job of forecasting the future. But it’s really just very difficult to measure that. And so I can’t tell you quite honestly whether they’ll continue -- what level they’ll continue going forward and I think there’s just a lot of volatility in the economy that could cause them to go the opposite way, just as quickly as they came back.
Tom Folliard: We’re sitting on our best guess right now otherwise we would have adjusted it further.
Keith Browning: Obviously.
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: Right. But when the initial guidance was laid out, I mean, the loss rates were definitely higher than they were today. But they were starting to fall but it seems maybe you also, I guess, I don’t know if it was conservative or not, just the way it was, the numbers that were initially plugged in were reflective?
Keith Browning: Okay. Our loss rates that were baked into the forecast obviously baked into and included the tightening that we’ve done over the last year. So as you look at the entire pull of receivables, we’ve done significant tightening at CAF and therefore expected much lower loss rates on the more recent pulls of securitizations. This is really the combination of all of the pulls and how they’re performing, and we saw both a shift downward in delinquencies and losses that were unprecedented based on normal seasonal factors.
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: A couple of questions on, Tom, you mentioned, you’re getting more cars in the appraisal lane for the retail inventories. Can you give any kind of numbers around that, where you are relative to the historical, I think, it used to be a little bit over 50% you had sourced for appraisal?
Tom Folliard: Yeah. You know, for a good stretch of years, going back several, we were over 50%, to come to the appraisal and then we had stretch of a couple years, where we saw that number decline, which we talked about frequently on the call. We probably reached our all-time low down around a third and we’ve come back from there, but we’re still below 50%. But we’ve made a comeback from somewhere down around 30%, closer to 40% now, but we are still not back to a half of 50%.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: And was that the biggest driver in the gross profit per car, because you did mention of course in the press release and I didn’t know if that was an order of magnitude?
Tom Folliard: It was a big driver.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: Okay.
Tom Folliard: You know, it’s hard to quantify some of the other factors particularly appreciation is really difficult to quantify. But, that one we have a little better handle on analytically and it was a big factor.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: Okay. And then, secondarily, I know you guys always do testing as to the price elasticity of demand. Are you starting to see any signs where if you did, to express profit per car down a little bit or took a little bit less that you would stimulate more demand or is that still the case where you’re not seeing that kind of curve in the demand of the business?
Tom Folliard: Yeah. That’s another really tough thing to measure that I think we may never understand completely. But as I said, our goal is to kind of, is to optimize sales and profitability. We feel like we did that pretty well in the quarter when you factor our inventory turns as well. The faster we turn our inventory, particularly once it gets out front, the less markdowns we make, and so there’s a number of different factors there. But we’ll continue to test going forward. So, I mean, we ended up where we did. We’re pretty happy with it. I mentioned the reconditioning cost is a really big number, that $200 a car is a lot of margin availability for us to work with. And as I said, our price perception data with our consumers is that we have better price perception today than we did before the recession, so all indications are that we feel pretty good about our pricing.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: Okay. One last question for Keith. Keith, the Santander renew at the same term every 90 days or is there some sort of renegotiation every 90 days?
Keith Browning: I think we’ll revisit rates with them whether how much they pay us depending on what the current market yield provides. So I don’t expect that to be a permanent number. And that’s why it’s favorable now is obviously we’re all experiencing very favorable spreads between consumer rates and our cost of funds and they stepped up and recognized that, and when it goes the other way then I would expect that they’re going to try to negotiate that in the other direction.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Tom Folliard: Thanks, Sharon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jaison Blair with Rochdale Research.
Jaison Blair – Rochdale Research: Hi. Thank you for taking my call. I’m hoping to get some additional color on the CAF loan allowance and I guess, how much of it applies to the current period and how much to future periods? And I’m wondering if the right way to go about that is to ask you what your ending allowance for loan losses is, because I know what your starting allowance was and the provision during, provision you laid out in the quarter?
Keith Browning: Yeah. The ending allowance was just over $50 million and it really is a look forward for all loans on our books for the next 12 months, which is the standard industry convention.
Jaison Blair – Rochdale Research: Okay. So essentially there would be -- so what it would be 8 million bucks minus the 9 million, so it’s, what, roughly 7 million related to future or what’s the right way to think about that?
Keith Browning: Well, the way to think about it is, is that, if you looked at the beginning balance which we had in our K, we obviously were looking at 12 months and then at the end of the quarter for those loans, we have to then look at the next 12 months. In addition, you have to take the originations that we had during the period and say that we have to then accrue a loan allowance for all new originations as well. So to really come -- you have to factor that in order to really come up with and that’s how we came up with our $0.03. So it’s basically that if you factor those in and you would have expected an increase in loan allowance by some amount and then when you look at the ending balance, seeing that it went down and declined, that gets you into the magnitude that we were talking about.
Jaison Blair – Rochdale Research: Okay. Terrific. And then on SG&A, can you provide some color on how much of the SG&A increase came from investments in technology and other infrastructure investments and how much from increasing advertising and how we might think about those numbers going forward?
Tom Folliard: Yeah. When we -- when I covered SG&A, I talked about it kind of in the order of magnitude. And so with a 9% increase in used vehicle comps, if you adjust for the -- if you adjust for the litigation settlement last year, our SG&A was only up 6% and our sales were up 9%. And in the order of magnitude, variable selling expenses, which is commissions and all the other things that go along with delivering a 9% comp and then advertising would have been second and pre-opening and relocation. So some of the spending as it relates to the IT initiatives was kind of at the bottom of the list in terms of order of magnitude…
Jaison Blair – Rochdale Research: And…
Tom Folliard: But really, once you adjust for litigation, it’s a less of an increase than what our sales increase was and you throw variable selling expenses and advertising in there and explains most of it.
Jaison Blair – Rochdale Research: Okay. And you would expect the investments in infrastructure to remain similar kind of a similar order of magnitude going forward?
Tom Folliard: Well, it’s really difficult to talk about the timing of that, when -- really when we say at the beginning of the year we’re going to spend money on infrastructure on technology, we’re really talking about over a longer period of time and really in comparison to the year prior when we really stopped lots of our investment spending due to the recession. So it’s just difficult to comment on the timing. We didn’t spend that much this quarter but I look at it over the next couple of years as opposed to the next couple of quarters.
Jaison Blair – Rochdale Research: And I guess as a last question kind of as a follow-up. It seems as though the two Ohio stores may have been, I guess maybe accelerated to some extent. Do you think there’s a possibility for some of the stores that you’ve been looking at for your next fiscal year to creep into this fiscal year?
Tom Folliard: No. We didn’t accelerate those at all. We said we would open all three stores in the first half of the year and we did. Remember, those stores were built and ready to go. So we kind of couldn’t open them fast enough because we were already paying the rent.
Jaison Blair – Rochdale Research: Okay. Terrific. Thanks so much.
Tom Folliard: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Himanshu Patel with J. P. Morgan.
Himanshu Patel – J. P. Morgan: Hi. Good morning. Couple questions. Was there a big sequential improvement in subprime penetration rates?
Tom Folliard: Sequential from the fourth quarter?
Himanshu Patel – J. P. Morgan: Yeah.
Tom Folliard: No. There would have been a decline.
Keith Browning: Well, no, from – there would have been a decline.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. It wasn’t a significant change, just a slight decline sequentially.
Himanshu Patel – J. P. Morgan: Okay. And do you guys have a view on where that 8% number sort of lands by the end of this year?
Keith Browning: Well, it traditionally it’s been very seasonal and peaks in the fourth quarter related to tax returns and some of that actually then carries over into the first quarter. So look, what we would hope is that our tier 2, our non-prime players will actually get back and get more aggressive and that number will come down as they get more confident about the economic circumstances going forward. But the good news is that Santander is there for us, they’ve been a believer. I think that they really do appreciate the unique origination model and we’re happy to have them as a partner because those are sales we wouldn’t get otherwise.
Tom Folliard: Yeah. One of the things to always keep in mind, is whatever percent of sales we have that is subprime sales, those are always incremental -- 100% incremental sales for us because the lender, the subprime lender doesn’t get a chance to look at that application until all the other lenders have declined it. So whatever percent we report as subprime sales is always 100% incremental in our mind.
Himanshu Patel – J. P. Morgan: Okay. And then, Tom, earlier you gave kind of the four drivers on the gross profit increase. Can you just help us a little bit more on how to think about that, if you sort of subscribe to the view that used vehicle prices were going to trend sideways from here onwards, what would happen to your gross profit number? Should we think about it falling back into that 1,800 to 2,000 range or is there still enough there on other factors like reconditioning costs and inventory turns to suggest that it wouldn’t fall perhaps that much?
Tom Folliard: You know, I don’t know how many quarters we can say it’s going to fall and it doesn’t and still keep saying it, but there’s just too much volatility out there in a lot of those other factors for us to really say. The wholesale appreciation has been such a big factor over the last two years and it’s so unpredictable, it’s impossible to say what’s going to happen there. The reconditioning dollars are real. We know we’re getting those savings and the shifting in -- that we mentioned in self-sufficiency is also very difficult to predict for us, although clearly year-over-year we had a benefit from that. So we’re not really in a position to try to predict too much going forward other than to continue to say we’re going to do our best to optimize both sales and profitability. And we’ll continue to test elasticity by running pricing tests. We’ll do it in different markets. We’ll do it in different stores. We’ll test different margin levels and if we think we get the sales back then we lower our prices to get those sales.
Himanshu Patel – J. P. Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Good morning. First, a point of clarification. Tom, just to make sure I’m clear on this. You think there’s no change in your close rates sort of year-over-year or sequentially and then the 9% increase in same store units was purely driven by traffic?
Tom Folliard: Well, our close rate has been strong for the last year, going into the really, actually a little longer than a year, lapping the first quarter of last year. We improved our conversion last year’s first quarter. This year, we were relatively flat but we consider it to be a very strong conversion number. So yeah, it was relatively flat but it’s a big strong number for us, especially with some tightening in credit that we’ve seen out there because that’s kind of a hurdle you have to overcome and in this particular quarter just most of our comp sales were driven by traffic.
John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. And then, second question for you, Keith, I mean, it looks like the credit pools or the loan pools are performing very well better than expected, really across the credit spectrum. Is there any potential that you guys start increasing your volume there, significantly, maybe dipping a little bit lower into the credit spectrum because the performance is very good. Is there the ability to potentially ramp up volumes in CAF?
Keith Browning: The answer is we would love to do it and we intend to do it as soon as we believe that the credit -- the capital markets will let us do it. And meaning that right now I think the rating agencies are still relatively conservative in their outlook. And then when we go to the public market, obviously what we don’t want to do is end up having to hold a big chunk of these sub-bonds. But we absolutely believe that this is good business. It’s profitable business and assuming we can finance it, we’ll be there as soon as the market lets us.
John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Regardless of what the credit agency is saying, we saw a record issuance of almost a record issuance of auto ABS in the first quarter $21 billion, spreads are incredibly tight. The market seems to be there. I mean, are the credit agencies just really behind the ball on this?
Tom Folliard: As I said, they’re fairly conservative at this point. And having gone through what they’ve gone through, it’s understandable to some extent.
John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then lastly, Tom, just it seems like the used car market is incredibly strong when we look at pricing, wholesale seems to be going very well for you yet volume’s only up 9%. That’s a good number but given the maths improvement we see in pricing in Manheim, it doesn’t really seems year-over-year. It seems like there’s some place in the used car market where demand is very, very strong. Are you seeing that someplace lower in the spectrum where you guys aren’t playing or is it just that supply is so tight in the used car market that that’s driving up pricing? Just trying to understand the dynamics of the real strength that appears to be in the market that’s not showing up in volumes.
Tom Folliard: I think supply is really tight and there’s a lot of strength in the market. I just think one has yet to outpace the other. So, although the market’s back, it’s just not back to where it was two years ago. I still don’t think demand is there from two years ago. I still think consumers are nervous about going out and signing up for a loan, almost everything we sell requires a loan. We know, in addition, we’ve seen without us doing anything, just through price appreciation, we’ve seen a couple thousand dollars of appreciation. If you look at our average, retail has been gone up and almost all of it is from price appreciation. So the demand is clearly there -- but the supply is short enough that we have a bit of an imbalance. But just as far as we can tell, demand’s just not back to where it was pre-recession. We talked about sequential changes and we’re still 8% off of where we were two years ago.
John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Just one last question. In your opinion, is that really just a confidence issue, I mean, in the volume -- you know, for the consumer to get these volumes back up? What do you really think is the holdback here? We’re seeing miles driven improve. I mean, demand is kind of fundamentally there. What’s sort of the last factor you’ve seen to really kick start this volume increase?
Tom Folliard: Yeah. I mean, my opinion is it’s still that there’s still a lot of uncertainty out there. I mean, there are some parts of the economy that are improving but I think there’s still a lot of nervousness. And when you’re in the market that we’re in, which is fairly high end used cars, again, which almost always requires somebody signing up for a three to five year loan, I think there’s some nervousness out there. The two factors we always looking at are, what are new car sales, what’s the new car sales rate and as you can see, that number really hasn’t moved very much this year. It’s been in the $11 million range, down from a peak of $16 million to $17 million and unemployment is still around 10%. I think until we see those two numbers move, I don’t think it’s going to translate down to the higher end of used car sales.
John Murphy – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison with Robert W. Baird.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. It’s been a while since you opened new stores. Maybe you could just give us a feel for how volumes typically evolve and what it takes to get to let’s say average volume, how many years?
Tom Folliard: Well, we haven’t changed anything about our estimates on how we think new stores will perform. What we have historically said is that store opens at about 70% of it’s what we were calling basic maturity and gets to basic maturity over five years. But then we saw modest sales growth over the five years. Again everything’s been kind of knocked out of whack over the last couple of years. But one thing we did say, when we announced our plan to grow is that we thought all the stores that we could open over the next two or three years would work at today’s sales level for us financially. So we haven’t changed our expectation about how we expect stores to perform over the long run. Clearly, we’re expecting stores to sell less stores out of the chute in today’s environment because all of our stores are selling less than they were two years ago.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you. That’s helpful. And then I wanted to explore that buy rate further. Have you changed your appraisal process at all or is it simply the fact that offers are rising with the market and that’s driving a higher proportion of consumers to accept that offer?
Tom Folliard: We’ve not changed our appraisal process other than I think we get better at this every year because we have great training, we have really experienced buyers. You know, a year of not building stores stopped us from moving people around and I think so there’s some of that in there. I just think that in general we expect to improve our performance in all aspects of our business every year but the appreciation we’ve seen is unprecedented. So we’re really pretty good at tracking the actual wholesale values and then making sure that we pass that on to our customers. So a customer coming in today compared to just a year ago is going to get a significantly higher offer on the exact same car because the market has moved so much. So I think that has a lot to do with the buy rate increasing.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: But given the margin benefit of a direct source car, is there actually an opportunity for you to say let’s increase that appraisal relative to where the market is and increase our buy rate percentage?
Tom Folliard: Right. It’s another thing that we always look at. But remember, if we were going to buy 100 cars and we wanted to buy another -- move our buy rate up another 2%, we don’t know which two to offer more on so you have to offer more across the whole pool. So if our buy rate is at 30%, we wanted to move it to 32% and we wanted to move our offers up by 100 bucks. It would cost us $100 across the 30, we were going to buy anyway to buy the two extra. But again, it’s just like testing pricing, we test -- we’re constantly looking at movement in appraisal volumes. We have various analytical models we run across markets and stores and we feel like we have a pretty good handle on it.
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Thanks and congratulations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Congrats and good morning. A couple of questions. First of all, it looks like your appraisal traffic is increasing to a greater degree than your traditional used car traffic, I guess I’d say. If you could talk about what you think is driving that particularly strong increase on the appraisal traffic front, if you think I’m reading those numbers correctly?
Tom Folliard: Yeah. I don’t have those numbers handy but our traffic was up. Then our appraisals per customer were up and then our buy rate was up so it’s a combination of those four things that delivered the higher volume and the higher self sufficiency. And although our appraisal traffic is up, we measure that as appraisals per customer, it’s not up that dramatically. So it’s kind of a waterfall. How many customers do we get and then of those customers how many do an appraisal. We got more customers, more of those customers, who did an appraisal and of the ones who did appraisal, we bought more of those and that delivered that number. It’s not like this big dramatic difference between appraisals per customer and customers.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Got it. My second question, your wholesale average selling price up over 20%, sort of decoupled to a large degree from the direction of what we saw in the used car market numbers, off a little bit from the increase you saw last quarter but the year on year increase in used car pricing overall had softened to a great degree. So what do you think is holding those average selling prices off to the degree we’re seeing?
Tom Folliard: You know, it’s hard to look at a lower priced car and used percentages because some of it was -- I think it was around 4700, around four grand last year and this might -- I thought it will make sense but $700 isn’t as big a move on four grand. When you say 20% on an average retail of 18 grand it’s a much bigger move. A few hundred bucks on a lower price point is, I think, a little easier to achieve with some changes in demand and change in wholesale appreciation. So it’s hard to look at that number in percentages and say it so outpaced retail because it’s only a few hundred bucks.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: And is there any seasonality to that wholesale average selling price, in other words, you guys were close to $4,800 this past quarter. You were $4,200 last year, $3,900 the year before and it’s not clear that there’s a whole lot of seasonality. So if the wholesale market holds steady with these levels could that wholesale ASP also hold steady?
Tom Folliard: I don’t remember there being much seasonality. We haven’t really looked at it like that before. So I don’t -- like you said, I don’t remember there being much seasonality. I would say all the change is driven by the market and by wholesale appreciation externally.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Got it.
Tom Folliard: So I don’t think it’s seasonality. I think it’s all driven by the appreciation curves we’ve seen over the last couple of years.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: And then my final question relates to Santander. Keith, if you could just remind us where on the P&L, we will see the benefits of the fact that your economics with Santander are about to improve?
Keith Browning: You’ll see it in the third party finance fees. And so it will be in the other income on the financial statement.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: And how material could that moving piece be?
Keith Browning: Well, you’ll recall, we went from zero when we initially tested with this, basically they didn’t pay us anything and then we went up to a modest fee. Now, they’re going to be paying us at the same level as or similar level as our third party finance companies, which is in the 300-ish area. And so it really depends on how much penetration they do and seasonally that adjusts. So it’s not going to be real material but it’s certainly important.
Tom Folliard: But also depends what happens with subprime. And we’ve seen subprime a lot higher than we would have expected. And we don’t know what’s going to happen next quarter. That number can tend to offset some of what we would expect on the positive side.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Dan Gallatin – Deutsche Bank: Good morning. This is Dan Gallatin for Rod this morning. I’m going to continue the trend of questions on the appraisal business. It’s a little surprising to me that given the tight supply at auctions and the competition for good vehicles that, that only 40% of your sales would be coming from vehicles that you would appraise. Is there any change kind of in the mix, maybe in the mix of vehicles that are coming through the appraisal lanes, maybe they’re not as good quality or better demand at your own auctions that’s causing you to maybe sell more vehicles wholesale than put on your lot?
Tom Folliard: Yeah. One thing I haven’t mentioned in the appraisal volume numbers is there’s a huge miss in historical volumes that comes from the churn created by a higher SAR. If new cars were selling at 14, 15, 16 million annually, a lot of those customers who buy those new cars need to cycle out of the car that they’re driving and we’ve tended to play a strong role in helping them. And there’s just a huge chunk of customers missing from the marketplace, taking used cars out of it completely and just looking at new car volumes that just aren’t there right now. And I think until we see new cars rebound, at least part of the way back to where they were at their peak, we’re going to see our appraisal volumes be suppressed.
Dan Gallatin – Deutsche Bank: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Have you guys ever disclosed any type of magnitude of the gross margin per unit between a vehicle that comes from appraisal lane versus a vehicle that comes from another source?
Tom Folliard: Other than to say it’s several hundred dollars, no.
Dan Gallatin – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks. And then one last one, some of the new car public groups have talked about a real pickup in volumes in Florida. Have you guys seen any kind of differences in geography during the first quarter in terms of strength in different regions?
Tom Folliard: We historically don’t talk about regional differences and we’ll -- what we said before, particularly during the recession, was when our volumes drop, they dropped everywhere. And as our sales have come back, they’ve come back everywhere. Clearly, there is going to be a different magnitude in different markets but we’re not going to talk about regional differences.
Dan Gallatin – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks a lot for taking the questions.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagle with Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagle – Oppenheimer: First question, I want to shift gears here a bit and talk about, you comment -- Tom, you commented in the press release that you increased -- modestly you increased your advertising spend per vehicle sold. The question I have there, one, what was the magnitude of that increase and what form did it happen? And I know it’s a short amount of time, but how quick was the impact upon your sales? And then final question would be how much further do we have that we could push on that as we look at the sales line, still weak but getting better. Is that a big lever do you think as the consumer starts to come back to your stores?
Tom Folliard: Well, if you ask our marketing guys, it’s a huge lever. It’s the biggest lever we have. And we clearly said we would spend up some but we’re still going to continue to manage advertising on a dollars per car sold basis and then do our best by doing it market by market. Obviously, there is significantly different marketing costs in LA than there is in Louisville, for example. So it was -- I would say modest increase in the first quarter, but we’re going to continue to track it and we’ll push it when we think it’s appropriate.
Brian Nagle – Oppenheimer: So was Q1 the first time in recent history that you actually started to push that more?
Tom Folliard: We pushed some of that in the fourth quarter. If you remember, we spent up a little around the Olympics and around the Super Bowl where we hadn’t done that in the past. So it’s kind of as we turn the corner on the calendar new year. We got a little more comfortable with pushing some advertising and we’ve kind of just continued that into the first quarter.
Brian Nagle – Oppenheimer: Is the form, is it newspaper or does it also incorporate some of the Internet advertising we do?
Tom Folliard: When we talk about our advertising, it’s our advertising in total. And as we mentioned we’ve gone almost completely out of the newspaper, if you look at about a five year span, we’ve gone from as high as 35% or 40% of our total spending being newspaper down to pretty much zero. But we haven’t spent less on a dollars per car basis and we’ve talked about it before, but we shifted almost all that money into different various forms of Internet advertising. Whether we have all of our cars on cars.com, all of our cars are on autotrader.com, we test about any site that will list our cars. And then we do lot of search engine advertising, on Google, on Yahoo and anywhere else. So it’s pretty clear to us that that’s where the trend is and it’s pretty clear that that’s where we’ll be spending, continue to spend advertising dollars as well as a strong presence on TV.
Brian Nagle – Oppenheimer: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Hi, guys, how are you?
Tom Folliard: Hi, Scott.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Question for you. Tom, you’ve talked about, actually referenced today how volatile the business has been. You talked about that in the past, week-to-week, even day-to-day. How would you characterize trends? Have they started to become at least a little bit more consistent or are you still seeing the same levels of volatility you had seen maybe two, three quarters ago?
Tom Folliard: You know, when we -- right when the recession hit, our biggest lever of volatility was obviously just straight in customer traffic and sales but our business is pretty varied in terms of profitability. And so the volatility now is still impacting our total business but it’s coming from other places. And if you asked me where the biggest volatility was in the last year, it’s been in the credit market, which obviously impacts profitability we’ve seen. We’ve seen volatility in the wholesale market that has continued. We haven’t seen as much volatility, if we just look at our sales numbers over the last two or three quarters, it’s been a little bit more stable but that’s not the only driver of profitability for us. So in terms of volatility that impacts how we manage our business, I think it’s still extremely volatile.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then without maybe being specific, but what we’ve been seeing here is two and three year trends continue to improve but still negative. Now, we’re about to kind of go against the Cash for Clunkers stimulus that we had. How are you guys thinking about or preparing the business for that kind of comparison?
Tom Folliard: When we look at Cash for Clunkers, we didn’t look at it as what impact did it have on us in the second quarter. We would have looked at it and said what impact did it have on us over the whole year. Because we always thought it was a pull forward and a bit of a spike. And when we looked at it by the end of the year, last year, honestly, we didn’t think it had very much impact on us over the course of the full year. So we don’t look at how are we going to compete with Cash for Clunkers in the second quarter. We look at what will our business look like over the course of the whole year and obviously our comparisons are tougher in the second half where we’re comparing against a plus eight, a plus eight and a plus 12. So it’s a little bit more of a difficult comparison but we don’t look at it on a quarterly basis like that.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then -- thank you and then finally, you guys have laid out your store plans, obviously you’ve opened up what you said is going to be the full number for the year. If you continue to see improving consistency with a less volatility until -- at the P&L, any chance we could see an actual acceleration from what you’ve already outlined to us?
Tom Folliard: Yeah. There’s always that chance if we see something that would indicate that and when we decide that we wanted to accelerate, we would make sure to go ahead and tell everybody. At this time, we don’t have any plans to change the opening plan that we’ve laid out.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks a lot, guys.
Tom Folliard: Thanks, Scot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Truelove with UBS.
William Truelove – UBS: Hi. First, I want to say I like the new format of the conference calls. So thank you for that. In terms of reconditioning, you mentioned that’s the biggest opportunity. Could you talk a little bit about the magnitude differential and the reconditioning cost between using the flow model, some of your stores -- production stores versus what I’ll call it the standard model. What kind of differential in reconditioning cost is that?
Tom Folliard: Well, one thing to remember is more than 80% of the cars that we reconditioned, are reconditioned. What we call are traditional stores that we never could have achieved the savings if we didn’t achieve it across the board. So our reconditioning savings, I’m proud to report we’ve achieved across the board in both formats. We do believe that from our go-forward basis when we open up new stores that the flow model is a better way for us to manage those costs and a better way for us to find the efficiencies and then take advantage of them. But it doesn’t mean that we haven’t been able to find those efficiencies and take advantage of them in our traditional stores. As I mentioned, more than 80% of the cars that we retail are still reconditioned in our traditional format. And we’ve made great progress there and we’re very proud of that.
William Truelove – UBS: So the new store openings over the next two years, would you anticipate that the mix between your traditional format versus the flow model would be something more like 75-25?
Tom Folliard: That’s really hard to say because I’m not exactly sure how the next couple years will lay out. But every store that we open that is a full reconditioning store will be in the flow format. But at our size right now with opening plan that we’ve laid out from a percentage basis, it’s probably not going to have much of an impact.
William Truelove – UBS: Okay. One last question about the provision for loan losses, you mentioned -- I was wondering how much of a change has there been in terms of number of delinquencies or defaults versus how much of the benefit of the lower loss ratio is just from better wholesale pricing? Could you sort of give us a flavor for how that’s playing out?
Keith Browning: I would say it’s, first the delinquencies and defaults were probably the larger portion. I couldn’t actually quantify that in a percentage basis. But even a year ago we were still seeing pretty strong recovery rates at around 50%. So while 56% is record levels, it’s not the driver of the overall adjustment. It’s just a contributor.
William Truelove – UBS: Okay. Thank you very much. That’s all my questions.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Good morning. So your appraisal buy rate as a percentage of appraisal traffic was slightly over 30%. Could you tell us what it was a year ago and where did that buy rate peak?
Tom Folliard: I think we’re close to our -- you know, 30% is close to our peak. What we historically said is we buy a little more than one out of four. I don’t know what it was specifically a year ago but we’ve gotten down to less than 25%. And this is going back a couple of years. So it’s moved quite a bit from our low. But remember, there’s been a lot of appreciation and that appreciation has been going on now for about a year and-a-half and our buy rate is going to benefit from that. And remember, that’s only one of the factors of our increase in purchases, the other one obviously is traffic itself. So we’re pretty close to our all-time high.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Yeah. Is that something that you would want to target for higher rates since you do get more dollars per car on appraised cars?
Tom Folliard: Yeah. We would. But it’s a balance. For example, if we could get 20% more traffic and lower our buy rate by a few percentage points but net-net by more cars, we would take that in a second. There’s always a waterfall of customer flow and their appraisal traffic and their appraisal buy rate and the more customers we get the better. I would take a reduction in buy rate if we could get a huge increase in our customer flow but I think that’s somewhat out of our hands.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Right.
Keith Browning: As far as your overall retail gross profit per vehicle, you site wholesale price appreciation, that clearly is raising your cost of vehicles acquired but is the offset in the fact that you can, number one, charge more at retail; number two, that it’s been -- it’s enabled you to increase your appraisal -- appraised cars purchased as a percentage of total cars purchased.
Tom Folliard: The biggest offset in wholesale appreciation is that wholesale appreciation exists for everybody, all of our competitors as well. And at the speed that we turn our inventory, if everybody’s price goes up $1000 and ours goes up a $1000, we’re still better priced than the competition. So I think the biggest offset to appreciation is the fact that it’s true for everyone. It does help with the buy rate because we’re continuing to raise our prices, but if you ask me my preference is to have lower prices. But we’re in an environment where appreciation is kind of overwhelmed that and our ASPs have gone way up.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Yeah. If wholesale prices start to trend back down as I’m sure they will eventually, would we then see the opposite impact? And all other things being equal see gross profit per vehicle trending back downward?
Tom Folliard: Well, I couldn’t give you -- I couldn’t tell you that exactly. But I could reference back to is my confidence and our confidence in our ability to manage through just about any wholesale environment. And if you go back to the fall of ‘08, in a three-month span, we had the worst depreciation and the largest dollar amount of depreciation we had ever seen, yet we were able to both improve our turns and improve our margins on a year-over-year basis. So I couldn’t tell you exactly what’s going to happen with margins but I feel really good about our ability to manage through any wholesale environment, up or down.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: You have certainly done a good job of that. Okay. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tricia Gill – Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning. This is actually [Tricia Gill] in for Matt. Just a couple of questions. On the last call, you talked about some of the differences from a cost perspective on restarting growth this year versus in years past. Now, that you sort of geared up and opened three additional stores, just wondering if you can comment on the efficiency of the business now versus historically as it relates to some of those pre-opening costs and other expenses you incurred?
Tom Folliard: You know, it’s a little different for these three stores because they were already built. But we expect to get back to -- I don’t know about the efficiency of pre-opening costs but we said we were going to open three to five stores next year. We’ll incur some of that cost at the tail end of this year. I couldn’t really quantify it but there is a number of pieces of pre-opening that -- advertising being one, relocation of experienced associates being another. Relocation has certainly not gotten any cheaper. We have a lot of negative equity issues you have to deal with if you’re moving a homeowner. So I don’t know that there’s a whole bunch of efficiency pickups in the way we open stores, particularly since advertising costs obviously will continue to go up and then relocation as I mentioned is another big driver of that. We don’t see that cost going down. So it’s more the number of openings that you have to cover in a year that we’re going to get the year-over-year impact on. We didn’t have any last year. We have three this year. We’ll have three to five next year many. We’ll have to build up those expenses accordingly.
Tricia Gill – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just wondering if you could discuss what you think will be the biggest impacts for some of the pending regulation in Congress, specifically the increase oversight under financial reform as well as the changes for ABS issuers?
Tom Folliard: I’d say probably one thing we’ve learned is that we’re on top of all of those issues but in terms of commenting on the impact on our business, until we actually have something that’s passed. It’s just pure speculation and I don’t think it’s -- I don’t think there’s much we can really say until we understand what we’re up against.
Tricia Gill – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Again, if you would like to ask a question, press star then the number one on your telephone key pad. Your next question comes from the line of Scott Stember with Sidoti & Company.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Good morning. Most of my questions have been answered already but did you disclose what the CAF penetration rates were on the sales during the quarter?
Keith Browning: No. We didn’t. CAF was -- gross presentation was 36%, which is just modestly down slightly from a year ago but nothing much to talk about. And Katharine will be able to give you the net penetration after 30 day payoffs later.
Katharine Kenny: Later, yeah.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Great. Yeah. Most of my other questions were answered already. Thanks a lot. Bye.
Keith Browning: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Tom Folliard: All right. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. As always, I want to express my thanks to all of our CarMax associates and their commitment for all they do every day and we’ll see you next quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-04-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Katharine Kenny – VP IR Tom Folliard – President & CEO Keith Browning – EVP & CFO 
Analysts:  Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities Sharon Zackfia – William Blair Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse Ivan Holman – RBC Capital Markets Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird [John Nabb – AgriCapital Management] Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank  Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates William Truelove – UBS Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company 
Presentation: 
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Katharine Kenny, Vice President Investor Relations, may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Good morning. Thank you all for joining us today. My name is Katharine Kenny, I up Investor Relations at CarMax and this is our fourth quarter earnings conference call. I guess I should also say Happy April Fools Day, but one thing we will not fool you about and that is that this is our last quarter was gain on sale accounting.  On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.  In providing protections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations please see the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2009, filed with the SEC.
Tom Folliard: Good morning everyone, thank you Katharine for that witty introduction. Well despite the challenges we faced this year due to the recession, we’re very pleased to report record fiscal year results for CarMax.  I want to thank all of our associates for their commitment in helping us achieve these results. During the year we had several noteworthy accomplishments and I’d like to list just a few of them. We improved our margins on both retail and wholesale vehicles during the year.  We improved our sales execution or conversion rates so that’s the percentage of customers who walk in the door, how many of those buy a car from us, we improved that during the year. We increased our inventory turns for the full year. At year-end we have now achieved a total sustainable reduction of approximately $200 per car in reconditioning costs.  This includes $100 we previously announced in June. We did that while at the same time improving our quality as measured by our 30-day comeback ratio and our customer surveys. We also aggressively controlled our SG&A expenses and we not only reported a record year at CAF, but we also successfully navigated the most difficult credit environment in our history.  Additionally we increased our market share by over 10%. Now let me talk a little about the fourth quarter, total revenues increased by 25% and comp store used unit sales increased 12% compared a decrease of 26% last year.  Net earnings doubled to $75 million or $0.33 per share compared to $37 million or $0.17 per share in the fourth quarter of 2009. Let me briefly review our key financial results for the quarter in a little more detail.  First in sales, improved traffic and sales execution contributed about equally to the 12% growth in comp used unit sales which was also a reflection of our easiest comparison of the year. The 24% increase in used vehicle revenues was mostly driven by the growth in sales but also a reflection of a 10% increase in average selling price.  On the gross profit, as you saw our used vehicle gross profit per unit has now remained above $2,000 for five consecutive quarters. There are several factors that contribute to our solid fourth quarter gross profit performance. As I mentioned earlier we continue to make progress in decreasing our per vehicle reconditioning cost which obviously helps our ability to achieve margin. The year over year increase in wholesale valuations continued to provide a gross profit tailwind throughout the year. We’ve talked about that in the past. It’s the most unusual year for appreciation in the wholesale business that we’ve ever seen. Higher wholesale prices positively impacted our appraisal buy ratio which rose above 25% in the quarter and increased our inventory purchasing self-sufficiency which also supports our margin.  These factors going forward will all have impact on gross profit but remember we have direct control on only one of them. The wholesale marketplace for vehicles is uncertain and as we have seen can be very volatile, so we will continue to evaluate the marketplace and assess strategies that will allow us to optimize sales and profitability in the future.  I’ll now turn it over to Keith to review CarMax Auto Finance results. 
Keith Browning : Good morning, CAF’s total income this year more than doubled over last year’s fourth quarter primarily due to over $26 million in favorable adjustments related to loans originated in previous periods.  The primary drivers of this quarter’s adjustments included favorable funding for the cost of loans that were refinanced in the term securitization during the fourth quarter, net favorable valuation adjustments including a decrease in the discount rate assumption and mark-to-market write-ups in the value of our retained subordinated bonds, which now have fair value of $249 million.  The mark-to-market write-ups reflect continued narrowing in the automotive ABS spreads that has occurred over the last few months. Cash gained on loans originated and sold totaled nearly $16 million in the fourth quarters of both fiscal 2010 and 2009. This was due to several factors.  Our total loan volume increased for the fourth quarter of 2010 due to higher sales. CAF’s loan penetration which by the way is generally seasonally the lowest in the fourth quarter was approximately 28% in both fourth quarters. However the impact of these higher sales was offset by a decline in the gain percentage in the fourth quarter of 2010. This was primarily due to the combination of decline in average interest rates charged to consumers and somewhat higher funding costs in our warehouse facility compared to last year. As most of you are aware effective March 1 we adopted new accounting rules for CAF which require us to account for term securitizations as secured borrowings going forward.  In previous years we accounted for these transactions using gain on sale accounting. On March 1 we also amended the terms of our warehouse facility and will as a result consolidate both the term and warehouse securitizations and the related non-recourse debt on our balance sheet. We expect the cumulative effect of these changes to result in a $3.7 billion increase in total assets and a $3.8 billion increase in total liabilities. In order to assist our shareholders in this initial adoption year, we provided an estimated range of CAF pre-tax contribution in fiscal 2011 of $145 million to $185 million in this morning’s press release.  Our forecast for next year reflects the recently improved interest margin defined as the difference between consumer rates and our ultimate funding cost for our recent term securitizations. For assets currently in the warehouse facility and new originations we are assuming that interest margin begins this fiscal year at current high levels but gradually returns to more normal levels by the end of the year.  We also assume that when we renew the warehouse facility this summer our funding cost, i.e. the benchmark rates plus the spreads, will be more reflective of current market conditions than is now the case. Currently it is more expensive than the public market. In addition we assume the continued stability in the auto ABS market.  Now I’ll turn the call back over to Tom. 
Tom Folliard : Thank you Keith, turning to SG&A compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 SG&A expenses increased only modestly in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 despite a 13% increase in total used unit sales. For the full 2010 fiscal year we were successful in significantly reducing our SG&A costs which we considered prudent given the tough environment.  However in the current fiscal year we are actually hopeful that some components of SG&A such as variable selling expenses and advertising will actually increase because this would be reflective of an improving sales and economic environment. We will also begin to invest again in growth related expenses such as pre-opening and advertising for new stores and rebuilding our bench strength. Also assuming no economic deterioration we also plan to invest in some key initiatives to continue to enhance the CarMax model. Those include continued improvements to CarMax.com as well as several other big IT projects and additional training for all of our associates. In closing we are pleased also to announce our intention to restart store growth. As I’ve indicated in the past our decision to restart growth would be based on improvements in sales and credit. The credit markets have obviously improved dramatically in the last year and our sales have increased steadily throughout.  While sales are not back to pre-recession levels, the positive turns that we’ve seen and our strong profitability have convinced us that moving forward with a measured plan for store growth over the next few years is the appropriate strategy.  We believe this pace will allow us to maintain the momentum we have achieved with our recent successful initiatives to increase efficiency and reduce waste, while at the same time improving the quality of our consumer offer.  So our plan for this year is to open the three stores we previously announced, those stores in Augusta, Dayton, and Cincinnati, will open in May and June of this year. Our current plan is to follow those openings with three to five stores in fiscal 2012 and five to 10 stores in fiscal 2013. Lastly I’d like to once again express my thanks to all the CarMax associates for their commitment and for everything they did to help us achieve these phenomenal results. Now Keith and I would be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: I was wondering if you could walk us through a little bit of the finer points on the math of the fiscal 2011 CAF income estimate. My understanding is that the net interest cash flows that can ebb and flow based upon the timing of originations, losses in the portfolio, and obviously also your expectations about the interest spread, however generally my understanding was that it could proxy for the cash flows of that portfolio of receivables which had been running about the $95 to $97 million plus interest on the sub bonds at $25 to $26 million plus another let’s say $1 to $2 million which would be the difference between fees and expenses which would get me to about $122 to $125 million CAF pre-tax income, so I’m trying to get a sense of how spreads are relative to a normalized level and how the $145 to $148 would compare with my math. 
Katharine Kenny: I think what Jaison is asking is why this number is higher than his expectations. 
Keith Browning : Its not an easy explanation, I think the real key is is that if you looked at our last public securitization the funding costs on that were extraordinarily low and yet year over year while our margin to consumers is down slightly it doesn’t nearly come down to the amount that the funding cost have. And so we are near record level spreads that we’ve seen.  And that includes what’s happened in the second half of this year and as I indicated we’re starting at those near record levels and planning them to maybe get to normal by the end of the year. And those spreads have a much larger impact than you might impact on the overall cash flow coming in and therefore the timing of the earnings.  The other thing is is you have to look at the last really five years of originations and the sales going into it along with the combined spreads and I’m sure you tried to develop the last schedule, as we’ve had to actually lay out all the details and the components of it, and the short answer is is there’s not an easy answer but I think that that’s why we gave you a range to kind of drive people to, if you look at the middle of the range that’s our best estimate and there are a lot of varied factors that could cause it to be different which is why we put a fairly large range around it. 
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: And if spreads were let’s say in the middle of the normal historical range what do you think that CAF number would be. 
Keith Browning :  I think that’s probably a level of detail that, we would want to actually do something more formal if we wanted to try to disclose what we thought changes in spreads would do going forward and that’s not out of the realm of a question, its just difficult to do. We obviously know ourselves what a 50 bps change in spreads might do to a year’s earnings, but again that’s, if you think about it again the majority of the earnings are already baked in for prior year’s originations so changes in spreads and sales don’t have the same impact as they would have under gain on sale accounting because they’re spread over the future years.  Its certainly, a 50 bps change in spread would be several million dollars, that’s probably the best direction I can give you for now. 
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: If I could just ask one follow-up if you could talk a little bit about the impact of the Toyota recall in the quarter. 
Tom Folliard : At the time of the announcement when Toyota issued their stop sale, we immediately pulled all of that inventory off of our lot. At that time the percentage of our total used inventory that was made up of that product was actually less than 2%. So we do have two Toyota stores and obviously their sales were impacted more dramatically but that impact was not material for the company and then even on the used side, where that was less than 2% of our total inventory, we got those cars out, pulled them out and put them in reconditioning until they were fixed and then put them back out and offered them up for sale.  The net impact in the quarter was immaterial. 
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: Even the net impact of let’s say a halo effect on the brand. 
Tom Folliard : If you look at some external data and our internal data would confirm that Toyota has absolutely taken a hit and even in the wholesale markets we’ve seen some signs whereas other product has appreciated, Toyota really hasn’t moved very much so we have seen a little slowing there but I think one of the best things about our CarMax model is we’re spread across a whole bunch of different brands and when we look at it in aggregate we don’t really see a material impact for us and more than likely those sales are picked up across lots of the other brands.  So even if we see a slowing of one brand, we’re able to adjust very quickly. As we’ve said in the past we manage our inventory on a weekly basis. If we see one segment slowing and another segment picking up then we adjust our buying accordingly and we were able to do that very effectively in the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia – William Blair
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: You mentioned that your appraisal buy rate went up in the quarter and I guess I’m just curious I know that during the recession your sourcing, a little bit more towards auctions versus the consumer appraisal [land], are you back to over 50% getting sourced from consumers or are we still less than that historical rate. 
Tom Folliard : No, we’re not back yet but we’ve seen, that number, that percentage is driven by two things; the appraisal traffic and then the appraisal buy ratio and also really the flow of product whether it comes in as wholesale or retail vehicles. And what’s been great through the year is we’ve seen a very positive trend in both our traffic and our buy rate and as I mentioned in the opening that number did move during the quarter and we have seen self-sufficiency go up but it is not back to 50% yet. But its moving in the right direction and that feels great.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: Do you expect us to get there this year, do you think that’s within the realm of possibility. Its kind of [unclear] how far you dipped. 
Tom Folliard : Yes, it’s a little hard for us to tell and again I go back to what I would consider the beauty of the way we manage our inventories, we don’t really have to project that going forward. We would be hopeful that that trend would continue and that we’d see some more normalized movement in the wholesale market but its just really difficult to predict with all the movement and volatility we’ve seen so far. So we’re hopeful that it will keep moving in that direction but if it doesn’t, I feel confident in our ability to manage through it.  
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: And then separately on SG&A there were a lot of allusions in the press release about resuming growth and reinvesting in the business and so on, what is the right pace of SG&A spend. You used to grow your SG&A in the double-digits on a year over year basis, and I think fiscal 2009 we were a low single and obviously went down last year, are we looking at a low single-digit rate of SG&A spend on a dollar basis or can you give us any kind of guidance for that. 
Tom Folliard : As you know we’re kind of out of the guidance business and the allusions you saw in there were intentional. We do expect to get back to spend some of the SG&A dollars that we cut. To be real honest last year we aggressively cut SG&A. When you look back at where we were in November, December, January, of last year, it was pretty scary looking forward and I think we probably cut some areas a little too far.  I mentioned building back bench strength, that’s an area where we went probably a little deeper than we should have. We took a huge amount out of advertising. Our expectation in this year is that we’ll spend more in advertising and we’ll do that and it will generate additional sales. The good thing about advertising is it’s a lever and you can move it up and down throughout the year.  We’re not giving any guidance on SG&A but we had a good year from a profitability standpoint. We intend to start spending some money back on some things that we held off last year. In our IT area we really just maintained where we were last year and we have a lot of things that we think we could spend money on and invest in that will help the business long-term and we’re going to get back to investing in some of those things.  But it would be very difficult to give more specific guidance then that. 
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: And then lastly on reconditioning, where did you get the extra $100 per car, was it a lot of little things and then what do you think the opportunity is from here to continue to improve reconditioning. 
Tom Folliard : I think when we started this initiative real aggressively it was about a year and a half to two years ago and we thought there was approximately $300 of savings to be had. I can’t tell you how proud I am of our teams to have achieved what they have in such a short period of time. We thought it would take us four or five years to get to that number.  We’ve now achieved what we are confident is sustainable $200 a car. That’s the other point I want to make on cost, people tend to focus on SG&A, we look at cost in total. And $200 a car across 350,000 cars last year, if you project that forward, its $70 million of sustainable savings and it’s a sustainable margin availability for us that we are now confident we’ve achieved.  In terms of how much is left, we still feel good about that number, approximately $300 but I also believe that we knock off some of the easy stuff early and each incremental $5 or $10 per car is more and more difficult. So I think there’s more to be had but we’ve accomplished a lot in a very short period of time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: [inaudible] some lighter frame the discussion on new vehicle incentives, I realize there’s no hard and fast rule to this and we’re still in an unprecedented time, but both from a demand side and then potentially a pricing side, because I think even in the past we’ve said that used vehicle pricing is as much a function of new vehicle sales and I think so, curious if that poses any risk given what we’ve seen last month. 
Tom Folliard : You mean, I missed the beginning part of what you said, did you say, what did you say about incentives, we couldn’t hear you. 
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: New vehicle incentives, in light of what happened last month with Toyota and some of the other brands. 
Tom Folliard : New vehicles, in terms of aggressive new vehicle incentives, we’ve been dealing with that for 15 years. I don’t think this is some wildly unusual period of aggressive manufacturer incentives and as we’ve said multiple times every time there is a big push on incentives and it actually works to drive consumers into the marketplace in the past we have benefited.  We would like to see the [sar] go up, we would like to see new car sales go up because I think it shows that consumers are back in the marketplace and back willing to buy a car and our average retails are north of $17,000, almost always require a loan so I think it’s a similar type customer and although manufacturers get aggressive with incentives, we have found that when consumers go out often times they get real excited about buying a car. They find out for whatever reason that incentive didn’t work for them and they turn to us, so, we’re not worried about new car incentives. We actually hope that they work in driving consumers into the marketplace. 
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: And is there any chance that given that we’ve had an unprecedented rise in used vehicle pricing that if new vehicle sales does grow or does rob some of the growth from used, and I’m saying that’s by chance, that that used vehicle price inflation can be disrupted. 
Tom Folliard : You mean that the two would get too close. 
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: Yes, or that at some point that it just stops the ongoing price extent that we’ve seen in used if used to some degree take—
Tom Folliard : To me that’s all supply and demand. So that’s all demand driven. I think as I said earlier if the incentives drove a significant amount of consumer demand it would offset the price increase that we’ve seen. I think it’s a pretty efficient marketplace. I think its proven to be over the years and I think it will be going forward. 
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: And then can you shed some light on the Santander agreement, I know the expectation that it would at least fill percentage of the loans that CAF had tightened and then that it would drive top line hopefully by several hundred basis points or so and just curious how that went and whether that relationship has been extended. 
Keith Browning : We did extend it for another period, for 90 days at more favorable terms and its doing exactly what we had expected is as that you’ll recall in the beginning of the second quarter CAF ended up walking away from that space of loans and they’re actually buying that piece that we walked away from. And CAF is still participating at a small percentage of that. But Santander is absolutely getting the vast majority of those loans. 
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: And then just one last follow-up on the SG&A question, realize the guidance will be limited but is there any differences in timing at which point some of these initiatives may start or may come in or is it steady, just as far as modeling goes. 
Tom Folliard : Yes, I couldn’t give you much more in detail. Its really spread throughout the year. When you get into a couple of the components like I talked about a few things around store growth, those obviously will happen as the stores open, the three stores that we currently have this year. But we’ll have some in there towards the end of the year to start preparing for the three to five stores that will open in the next fiscal year.  And another one to think about is as I mentioned is advertising, we can kind of ebb and flow advertising with sales and then with management bench strength build up, that will just go as quickly as we can hire up so that would be spread more throughout the year as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivan Holman – RBC Capital Markets
Ivan Holman – RBC Capital Markets: Congratulations on a nice quarter, I just wanted to ask a quick question at first on the CAF guidance that you gave, just a house cleaning item, that does not include any favorable adjustments such as the ones that were recorded this quarter, correct. Is that just a straight operating number.
Keith Browning : That’s our best forecast that wouldn’t include any adjustments going forward and most of the adjustments we used to have won’t exist under the new accounting. For example we won’t have a mark-to-market issue or other issues that currently exist.  
Ivan Holman – RBC Capital Markets: And another question with regards to the store growth, we’ve seen basically this is your third quarter of positive comps essentially and it looks like the store growth is restarting on a good moderate kind of growth trajectory, what do we need to think about in terms of them all, what do you need to see before you start to ramp up that store growth. 
Tom Folliard : Well in terms of what we’ll talk about today it’s the stores that we’ve laid out, what we need to see is more sales. So despite the fact that we have seen if you track the last three quarters on comp used unit sales plus 8, plus 8, plus 12, this last 12 is against the negative 26. If you remember back a few years ago whenever we’d get asked where were you to your model, we had said in aggregate we were pretty much at our model.  Well that’s 14% higher sales than what we’re currently seeing. So sales are not back where they used to be and it feels great that we’ve had a good financial quarter. It feels great that we’ve seen some positive sales trends but we’re a long way off of where we were just two years ago. 
Ivan Holman – RBC Capital Markets: So I guess to kind of rephrase is there any particular threshold that you would need to pass over in terms of comps either on a two year stack or just normal one year comps that would allow you to I guess to shift gears, pardon the pun, in terms of store growth. 
Tom Folliard : We don’t have a target number. I’ll just tell you we’re constantly evaluating it. We look at it every month. We look at it every quarter. We look at a whole bunch of different factors, not just, I mentioned sales but as I said there’s sales, there’s credit, there’s our margin management, how much of that can we count on in the model going forward, there’s changes in consumer behavior. I talked about the new car number earlier, the [sar], if that went up, that might be an indication that we think would provide some positive momentum going forward.  So there is no one lever, there’s a combination of several factors. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: I’m going to ask sort of the rare long-term question, give you 10 years to think about it, but how many stores can this business model support long-term. 
Tom Folliard : Well we have never varied off of our rather wide estimate of 200 to 300 stores. I don’t think anything about this recession or the difficult environment that we’ve just worked through has changed our long-term estimate of what this business can ultimately be. And we still believe that there’s opportunities for us to figure out how to get into smaller markets and figure out how to do some things that prior to the recession we had talked about experimenting more significantly with, which clearly we’re not doing those things now.  So I think it’s a big number. We’re only in 45% of US markets. We have a very small market share of one to six year old used cars. And we’re just as optimistic about our long-term prospects as we were pre-recession. 
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: And so given that optimism which with which we would agree actually why not be more aggressive at what seems like the bottom of a cycle. 
Tom Folliard : I actually think this is, one of the things that I’d mentioned in my opening was how important we believe it is to maintain momentum in improving efficiencies, lowering costs, the $200 of savings in reconditioning we’ve achieved in the last year and a half is hugely impactful to the model going forward, if we were to take that into margin or if we used it to drive incremental sales.  So we want to make sure that we’re careful that we don’t distract the entire organization by jumping back into 15% growth and losing momentum in those other areas. The other piece is building stores is a pretty long cycle time and when we said at the end of last year that we quit growth, we really quit growth. I mean, we stopped all money and all investment related to store growth and it does take awhile to get that engine back up and running again. I think this pace is reflective of that but its also reflective as I said earlier of our, how important we think it is to continue to improve our efficiencies in our business. 
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: On the strong comps you reported did you see proportional improvement across all credit tiers or did prime compare differently than sub prime. 
Tom Folliard : For the fourth quarter specifically, we mentioned that we had a higher percentage of sub prime business than we normally see in the fourth quarter and the fourth quarter is normally our highest percentage of sales in that area anyway due to seasonality, so, I would say its probably a little higher on the lower end. 
Craig Kennison – Robert W. Baird: Do you think that’s more a function of traffic at that level or just credit availability at that level. 
Keith Browning : I think that’s exactly what happened is, as you recall as our other lenders above the sub prime area had the same economic challenges we did and they had to tighten and so more customers are being now routed to our sub prime provider and then the other element is is our sub prime provider has done a great job of getting comfortable with the CarMax model and I think is also been more aggressive about buying customers.  So the combination of those facts has really moved more to the sub prime and the seasonality this time of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [John Nabb – AgriCapital Management]
[John Nabb – AgriCapital Management]: I was just wondering if you could walk through the math behind your statement that you believe you’ve increased market share by 10%. 
Tom Folliard : We’ve talked about market share in the past, it’s a, there isn’t great external data out there and the way we measure market share, we buy actual DMV registrations. We take those registrations and we even buy our own data and then we compare those sales in almost all of our markets. I think we’re in 45 markets, we have data in close to 40 of those.  We take that data and we compare only our one to six year old sales compared to the one to six year old sales in that market and then we simply just measure the market share. The reason we went to an annual number is there’s a lot of volatility in that number, the month to month data is, can be very inaccurate but we feel good and we feel confident that over a year’s time it’s a pretty accurate reflection of the changes in the market of one to six year old cars and the changes in our share.  And so for the full year we achieved more than a 10% share gain in one to six year old cars sold in those markets. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: First question relates to credit, can you try to help us quantify the interest spreads that you’re seeing today and what the components are at least at a high level. 
Keith Browning :  Meaning what the spread is between what, our current overall [APR] is, its about 10 in if you look at the cost over the last deal, the, let’s go on and we’ll come back to that. 
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Secondly obviously the reconditioning savings that you’ve generated are bigger than what you had I guess maybe not bigger than what you expected to get but your raise in the level you think is somewhat sustainable do you think that gross profits for car of around $2,000 should essentially be the new benchmark whether or not we see volatility in used car prices. 
Tom Folliard : That’s always the multimillion dollar question for us and its really not an easy one for us to answer, I think that as we’ve said before if we could find, if we felt like taking those dollars and reducing our prices by that full amount, would drive the sales, that would more than pay for it, we would rather have the sales.  I talked about the unusual dynamic over the last year and a half where in an appreciating environment aggressively cutting your prices when you have to turn around and go pay more for the same car, didn’t really seem to make a lot of sense. We have tested various pricing, we just think the elasticity around price has been a little different in the last year and a half so I think, as I mentioned, we’ve had some tailwind from margin achievement.  What I like to think is as we continue to find ways to save money that we’ll be able to do both, put a little into margin, and put a little towards driving incremental sales and both the consumer would benefit and we would benefit from a margin standpoint as well. So that’s kind of our plan going forward but we don’t really, I don’t really have a target for you to say $2,000 is the way to go going forward.  As I mentioned its five consecutive quarters but I think it’s the only five quarters we’ve ever had at $2,000 margins. And if we see changes in the wholesale marketplace and we see changes in some of the things that have provided those tailwinds then it would be more difficult to achieve. 
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: And is the kind of wholesale pricing environment we’ve had over the past couple of months has been flat or up maybe very fractionally month to month adequate to maintain the status quo or do you think you’d need to see more tailwinds for wholesale prices. 
Tom Folliard : The last couple of months aren’t going to really help much with what happens over the course of this next fiscal year. Its really what happens from here forward but I think what we have really shown in the last couple of years is our ability to manage through any appreciation or depreciation environment that the market has and we’ve seen again, the most volatile environment we’ve ever seen in the last year and a half, and I’m real proud that our inventory management model has allowed us to achieve good margins, achieve strong inventory turns, and deliver a great value to the consumer. I expect to be able to do that going forward, honestly we don’t spend a whole bunch of time trying to figure out what the wholesale market is going to do during the year. If it went back to a normal curve like we’ve seen prior to the last couple of years, it makes it a little bit easier for us just because it’s a little bit more predictable but we’re not worried about how volatile it is in terms of our ability to manage through it. 
Keith Browning : In answer to your previous question, the consumer APR was just north of 9% and cost of funds is approximately 2%. 
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: That’s 9% rather than the 10% you had initially—
Keith Browning : Correct, yes, closer to 9% to than it is 10%.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Has that fallen over the last quarter or so. 
Keith Browning : Not dramatically. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank : I’m just trying to first reconcile this uptick in wholesale comps against a still pretty weak used retail market outside of CarMax, and I was wondering if you had any thoughts on the outlook for volume for you in that wholesale business whether you think you’re sustainably taking market share away from auctions and how should we be thinking about the outlook there. 
Tom Folliard : We haven’t put anything out in terms of what we expect for volume for the year. As you know the way our auction runs its simply the result of our consumer offer on the front end where we make a cash offer on every car regardless of whether that customer buys a car from us or not, so built into the, I mean the components that deliver the wholesale volume are the percent of customers who come and get their car appraised that are driving a wholesale car and then our buy rate in that category only.  And as I said earlier we have seen movement, we’ve seen our volumes go up, we’ve seen our buy rate go up, but we haven’t talked any about what our expectations are for the year. We’re hopeful that those two things continue to move and we see an increase in volume for next year but again we haven’t guided around that. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank : You’re still seeing weakness outside of CarMax and the whole in the retail used business and that’s why its obviously pretty impressive that your wholesale volumes are up that much. I guess you’re saying that its more of a function of [inaudible] supply than the demand. 
Tom Folliard : Well I think its always a function of both, I think one of the reasons our auctions have been so successful is we continue to run pretty much in absolute auctions so when we run our sales we have a 98% sell through rate and I think dealers know if they come to our sale and again you know it’s a dealer only auction, if they come to our sale and they’re the top bidder they’re going to buy the car and I think that’s just become more and more valuable in this marketplace. We mentioned, I think we mentioned, that our dealer ratio was an all time record for the year so that’s the number of dealers per car that we run at our auction and that obviously can generate some additional enthusiasm so I think we do a great job running the auction. I think we do a really good job with customer service for our dealers.  I think we provide an alternative and I think even if people’s volumes have dropped off, similar to what we’ve talked about with the lenders on the retail side, when people had to pull back on capital they didn’t pull it back from CarMax because they like the way we do business. And I think on the wholesale side hopefully we have some similar effect there whereas dealers even if they pull back on their volume and stop going to auctions, ours isn’t the one that they stop going to. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank : And also kind of a longer term question is there any impact on your business model just in the next let’s say long-term being two or three years just given the fact that the supply of these relatively new used vehicles is probably going to be constrained for awhile just given that the new car market in the US has been soft for two years and probably be soft again this year. 
Tom Folliard : Well I think we saw evidence of that this year. I think this year with the record appreciation throughout the year was, part of that was not only are those new cars not in the marketplace, but the customer that was out there, if you take the [sar] from 16.5 million down to 10, there’s 6.5 million transactions that are missing and a lot of those involve trade-ins and a lot of those trade-ins we find ourselves in the middle of.  So its not just the product that’s being sold but it’s the trade-in activity around it so I think we’ve worked ourselves through this year where we saw supply constraints like we’ve never seen before. Its very difficult to predict what that will be going forward because so much is dependent on what happens with new car sales from here looking into the future and I think most people are predicting that new car sales will increase from here and we’re hopeful that that happens. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank : And just lastly I know you’re reluctant to guide to SG&A but could you quantify perhaps some of the operating expense items that you’ve cut, for example, when you discontinued your store growth what were the savings associated with that, just to sort of give us some perspective on some of the things you’re going to have to re-launch.
Tom Folliard : I’m not going to give much more details than I already gave. All the items that I already pointed out are the ones that we cut. I talked about store growth, I talked about bench strength, I talked about advertising, variable selling expenses, moves up and down with sales. There’s a number of different components there. We feel like we aggressively managed them throughout the year.  But that’s about all we’re going to say on it. I gave you the big components there but its difficult to give specific dollar amounts. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: With wholesale gross profit above $900 a car and the outlook for overall pricing it looks like it will be sustained at least for awhile, do you think that $900 gross profit per car is a sustainable rate that we can expect going forward. 
Tom Folliard : I’d say probably not. Again that’s a record ratio for us, dealer attendance, that’s a big driver of price for us. Again we’ve continued to see unusual curves in the wholesale market in terms of appreciation so I’d say probably not. 
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: With supply still tight is it fair to assume that you have not seen any decline in the dealers car ratio so far. 
Tom Folliard : For when?
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Recently, up until today. 
Tom Folliard : Well, we’re not going to talk about this quarter, we gave you the number through what was it February 28, so we’re not going to [far remove] from that. 
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: With reconditioning expenses down $200 and it looks like you might have a little bit more there to go, so does it make sense to do any recon work on your wholesale vehicles and maybe squeeze a little more gross profit out of that. 
Tom Folliard : Our experience has been the opposite. We spend money on wholesale cars and you don’t get it back. They’re wholesale cars, our average car in the auction is 10 years old with more than 100,000 miles and less than $4,000. We consider reconditioning on those cars running them through the carwash. 
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: I knew that’s how you have operated historical, I was just wondering since you’ve been able to get these costs down if maybe this would have prompted you to take another look at that.
Tom Folliard : A lot of our savings in reconditioning as we’ve talked about come from our cosmetic area and that would be the last thing you do on a wholesale car. We’re not going to put them in the paint booth and slow our turns down. 
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: The CAF income that you’re projecting going forward does that roughly approximate your cash income from CAF or would there be some adjustments we would need to make. 
Keith Browning : It’s a pretty good approximation. 
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: And then finally you’re going to increase ad spend probably going forward, have you already begun to increase ad spend. 
Tom Folliard : We had some testing and some increases in the fourth quarter which you may or may not have seen during the Olympics and the Super Bowl, so we have spent up some and we feel good about our results and in terms of our projection for the year going forward, do we expect to spend more on advertising? Yes, but as I mentioned earlier it’s an area where we can lever up or lever down with sales. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Truelove – UBS
William Truelove – UBS: On the CapEx side, I know you’re going to open three stores this year and your CapEx guidance is $90 million versus $22 million last year, but you also mentioned you were going to spend a lot on IT and whatnot, so how much of the $90 million do you think will go towards the three stores that you’re opening and are these three stores that you’re opening going to be production stores or just satellite stores. 
Tom Folliard : None of the CapEx will go to the three stores that we’re already opening, those stores were CapEx’ed two years ago. Those stores were built last summer and we just chose not to open them, so all of the expense, or almost all of the expense are on opening those stores this year is straight expense. The CapEx number that we put out is to begin to start build the pipeline to start to build the pipeline again for future growth.  As we’ve said in the past that’s about a three year time table so, we just wanted to put out a number that allowed us to deliver the plan that we just released. There is some maintenance in CapEx and there is some IT spend in CapEx as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: My first question is on the topic of reconditioning, could you talk about what changed between the $100 and the $200 in savings, is it still just cosmetic or are you starting to get into the mechanics. 
Tom Folliard : The change was approximately $100. 
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: Right, is there anything different that you’re doing versus what you were doing six months ago. 
Tom Folliard : When we talked about this before and I’ve talked with you about this as well, we continue to find ways to get more consistent across the way we recondition cars, whether its paint or touch up or detail, or parts or sublet, there’s lots of different areas of reconditioning and we had some pretty big inconsistencies across our stores. So its more of a continuation of the things that we had already been working on and as I mentioned a lot of these savings come from cosmetics. And we’re just real pleased with our results but from the beginning of the year to now, its just continued improvements in those same areas. 
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: And then on the topic of gross profit per unit, obviously the consumer environment seems like just in general its improved a little bit over the last couple of months, do you feel like you’re optimized at this $2,000 plus gross profit level based on what’s happening in March or is there a chance that the optimal level is maybe a little bit lower than $2,000.
Tom Folliard : Again I think there’s so many external factors that go into that, all I can tell you is we’ll continue to test elasticity of pricing and if we thought that going down $100 would pay for itself in sales, we would do it in a second. Again, we haven’t really seen that level of movement over the last five quarters but it all depends on supply and demand and what happens with the consumer and lots of other external factors, but I think we’ll be working on optimizing sales and profitability forever. 
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: And then on to SG&A, is there an easy way to think about the cost of reassembling the growth infrastructure on a per store basis so the employee training and relocation etc. per new store. 
Tom Folliard : There is for us, but I don’t know if there is, I don’t know, it’s a little difficult because of the time line and we really haven’t given a lot of detail around the time line because we don’t have more details to give. But it’s a little easier to talk about it when prior to the recession when we were opening say, 10 stores, then 12 stores, then 14 stores, those expenses flowed a little bit more evenly but to try to figure out on a per store basis how its going to impact this year I think would be really tough. 
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: I guess as a follow-up to that, do you feel like relative to the last time you restarted growth which I think was 2001, maybe 2002, what could be different about this restart versus last time in terms of the dilution of the model. 
Tom Folliard : There’s a couple of differences, one we’re going to start slower as a percentage basis. I think another difference is we’re better at it now than we were then, we know how to open stores more efficiently and another piece and I think maybe the most impactful is we have a better, we’re a more efficient company than we were then.  Just take this $200 we’ve talked about a bunch on this call, that’s a big difference between last time when we restarted growth we were actually operating in an environment where every year our reconditioning costs went up and now we’re operating looking forward on sustainable savings going forward.  So I think we’re much better positioned now to restart growth than we were then and we’re going to go at a more reasonable pace. We’re also growing off of a bigger base. Last time when we started growth our base was much smaller and now we have 100 stores and 13,000 employees and it’s a little easier to go off of a bigger base. 
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: And then just lastly you mentioned investments in IT and CarMax.com, and I’m just wondering if you can give us a sneak preview of how the web experience might change over the next 12 months. 
Tom Folliard :  I don’t know that it will change dramatically in the next 12 months, when we talked about investments in our future they’re usually a little longer turn than that but I’ll give you an idea of some of the things we’re working on in CarMax.com.  There are a lot of things that the consumer would like to do with us online that we currently don’t have the capability to do. One example is we’ve talked about our transfers before, our transfers represent more than 25% of our total sales, are transferred at a customer’s request. A lot of those require the customer to pay for that transfer. Sometimes they’d like to, we believe the customer would like to initiate those online and be able to pay, maybe pay with a credit card to get the transfer done.  Right now we can’t accept those payments online. A number of other pieces like an online credit application we currently don’t do. So if you break out the various components that go into selling a car and try to visualize us wanting to do as much of the transaction online as the consumer wants to do and then breaking those off into chunks, I think that’s kind of the bigger things that we’re thinking about in the next couple of years. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: You talked about not having any valuation adjustments under the new accounting, could you talk about the mark-to-market on the sub bonds. 
Keith Browning :  Just the fact that the market got better, its been, its amazing if you think back a year ago if you were to look at our 2009 one securitization, we had to put 17% of the company’s capital in it. This last deal we had to put a quarter of one percent of the company’s capital. I think that reflects just what’s happened to the overall marketplace. CAF came in for a reason and our last two deals have been without CAF because the ABS market has gotten so much stronger and we actually have to go out and get ratings or adjustments on what the valuation would be, but those are just relatively fine tuning the marks given the strong credit environment. 
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: So going forward we’re not expecting the material movements we’ve seen over the last few quarters. 
Keith Browning : Correct.
Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: And as far as the new stores that are opening you talked about the flow stores with regards to reconditioning, could you talk about the additional incremental gain that you can see on gross profit dollars as you roll out this new process to your new stores. 
Tom Folliard : Well as I think I said this last June when we talked about our savings, the savings we have achieved in reconditioning we have achieved across the whole chain and that’s true in our flow stores and what we call our traditional stores as well, so, but we have also said that all of our stores going forward would be opened under the flow format. So in terms of the impact to the economics that will be more driven by the savings that we get across the chain. But every store will be opened in the flow format going forward and of these three stores, one is a reconditioning store. 
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: Is the interest on income on the sub bonds, is that included in the $145 to $185. 
Keith Browning : Yes.
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: And then the 9% APR and the roughly 2% cost of funds, that’s on current—
Keith Browning : That’s a reflection of what we expect starting at the beginning of the year, so what’s currently in the warehouse we think that when it goes to the next public deal, it will be financed at somewhere around that 2% cost and that we actually then say that we think that somewhere over the year there’ll be compressions and we’ll get to a more normalized spread.
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: And your more normalized spread is roughly like 4, 4.5%. 
Keith Browning : Yes.
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: And your current spread on the portfolio, do you have that.
Keith Browning : On the portfolio the APR is slightly over 10. I don’t know what the, we’ll have to get back to you on that. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Tom Folliard : Thank you and we’ll talk to you next quarter.

===== 2010 Q3  (2009-12-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny – Vice President Investor Relations Tom Folliard - President and Chief Executive Officer Keith Browning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jaison Blair - Rochdale  Sharon Zackfia – William Blair Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs John Murphy – Bank of America Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer Ryan Brinkman – JP Morgan Craig Kennison – Robert Baird Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse William Truelove – UBS Bill Armstrong – CL King Scott Stember – Sidoti Mark Mandel – FTN Equity Capital
Operator: (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Katharine Kenny, Vice President Investor Relations, may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: We’re all here and soon to be very snowy Richmond. We thank you for joining so early today for our third quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today, as usual, are Tom Folliard our President and Chief Executive Officer and Keith Browning our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.  In providing protections and other forward looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations please see the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2009, filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me also remind all our investors and analysts that we have our next Analyst Day here in Richmond scheduled for January 28th. We hope some of you will be able to attend.
Tom Folliard: We are pleased today to report strong third quarter results driven by the 19% increase in total revenues, a 13% increase in per unit total gross profit, and excluding CarMax Auto Finance adjustments, a 40% increase in Cap income as compared to the third quarter of last year. Comp store used unit sales increased 8% this quarter compared to a decrease of 24% last year. We were able to achieve these results despite continued low consumer confidence and demand resulting from the weak economic environment and double digit unemployment. Let me briefly review our key financial results in a little more detail. First on the sales front, the significant increase in used vehicle revenue was due in roughly equal measure to increases in unit sales and average selling price. Unit sales grew due to a combination of improvement in traffic and sales execution, the majority coming from traffic but also a reflection of the easy comparison to weak sales in the third quarter of last year. We were pleased to see on a year over year basis execution improved despite tighter lending standards implemented in previous quarterly by our third party lenders and CAF. We estimate CAF’s tightening continued to negatively impact comp used unit sales by several percentage points in the third quarter. As we’ve discussed before, the higher selling price largely reflected the increase in year over year wholesale pricing. We did not see a significant change in our vehicle sales mix. The improvement in wholesale revenues was also due about equally to increases in unit sales and average selling price. Appraisal traffic remained approximately flat with last year’s level but similar to last quarter our buy rate improved significantly due to the higher year over year wholesale industry pricing. The third quarter buy rate finished above 25%. On the gross profit, our used vehicle gross profit per unit remained above $2,000 in the third quarter. As we’ve said, the year over year increases in wholesale valuations have provided a gross profit tailwind. Compared with the second quarter, our increased appraisal buy ratio improved our inventory purchasing sell sufficiency which also supported our gross profit. Please remember, however, that we continually evaluate the marketplace and assess strategies that will allow us to achieve optimal margins from the standpoint of our total business. Now I’ll ask Keith to review the CarMax Auto Finance results.
Keith Browning: CAF’s significantly higher income this quarter resulted from several factors. Our loan penetration was up slightly compared to last year’s third quarter despite the tightening of our lending standards earlier this year. However, CAF’s penetration was up substantially versus the second quarter. Given the improvements in the automotive ABS market we felt more confident that CAF would be able to efficiently secure ties its origination. As a result, we chose to increase CAF’s penetration during the quarter. We did this by lowering rates and taking back business that had been routed to and financed by our third party lenders in previous quarters. The increase in penetration substantially offset the effect of incremental tightening that we implemented at the beginning of the second quarter. The gain percentage also increased from last year’s third quarter largely due to lower benchmark rates. More significantly, CAF income this quarter was supported by approximately $32 million in favorable adjustments related to loans originated in prior periods whereas income for the third quarter of last year was negatively impacted by almost $40 million in unfavorable adjustments. The primary drivers of this quarter’s adjustment included mark to market write ups and the value of our retained subordinated bonds some of which are now carried above face value and more favorable funding costs for the loans that were refinance and the term securitization during the quarter. Note that since most of the loans in the securitization were originated in fiscal 2010 the favorable $12 million or $0.03 per share of funding cost adjustments is a timing adjustment that is part of CAF’s year to date gain income. The mark to market write ups reflect the significant narrowing in the automotive ABS spread that has occurred over the last few months. Let me make a few other comments about CAF. Because our new short term agreement with Santander was implemented late in the quarter, it did not have a material impact on current quarter sales. However, we do anticipate that in the fourth quarter it will largely offset the negative effect of the sales on CAF’s latest tightening which we implemented in June. Under this agreement Santander will purchase a large portion of the loans that CAF would have approved prior to our latest tightening. As part of this strategy, CAF will also originate a small portion of these loans. We are comfortable with this credit segment but will remain conservative until we see more stability in the credit markets. Most of you are all aware that we will implement FAS 166 and 167 as of March 1, 2010, which is the beginning of our next fiscal year 2011. We utilize two primary funding sources for CAF, our warehouse facility and the term ABS market. Historically both of these structures have been off balance sheet and have been accounted for using gain on sale accounting.  Existing and future term ABS transaction will now be consolidated under FAS 167 which allows for but does not require restatement of prior year results. Transfers to the warehouse facility will no longer qualify as sales under 166. FAS 166 must be applied prospectively and it does not allow for restatement of prior years. As a result, we will not be restating CAF income for period previously reported using gain on sale accounting. Nevertheless we continue to be committed to the most transparent communication possible about the impact of these changes on CAF’s reported income. Although we now recognize that we may be somewhat limited. We will keep you abreast of further developments. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Folliard: On to SG&A, we are very pleased with the progress we continue to make in reducing our SG&A despite higher sales. The year over year decline reflected a reduction in advertising in fiscal 2010, decreases in growth related costs, and benefits from a variety of waste reduction initiatives. We also believe we are now in a position to move forward with the openings in fiscal 2011 of the three stores we completed earlier this year in Dayton, Augusta, and Cincinnati. Despite this, and despite the fact that we will opportunistically evaluate and perhaps purchase land for the future development of stores, we do not plan on restarting growth at this time. In closing, I’d like to once again express my thanks to all the CarMax associates for everything they do to help us successfully navigate through these very difficult economic times and I wish all of them a safe and Happy Holiday. Now Keith and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jaison Blair - Rochdale 
Jaison Blair - Rochdale : I was wondering about the fiscal ’11 store openings. My impression is that at least one of those stores is in a new market which requires high levels of advertising to introduce the brand to the marketplace. If those stores are expected to be accretive in I guess what you would characterize as the worst automotive downturn of the post war period, why wouldn’t you consider restarting growth?
Tom Folliard: Those three stores already have a sunk cost to them. That’s why they’re accretive.
Keith Browning: They’re already incurring the depreciation and amortization so we looked at these as an incremental investment as this point.
Jaison Blair - Rochdale : So you’re already taking the depreciation even though the stores haven’t opened?
Keith Browning: Correct.
Jaison Blair - Rochdale : You talked about purchasing land for future stores. What is your current land position look like, or your pipeline? How many stores do you have in the pipeline, how long would it take for you to restart growth?
Tom Folliard: The three stores that we’re opening are the only three stores that we have any type of construction working on. We have a few pieces of land that we still either own or control. When we talk about opportunistically looking for other pieces of property it doesn’t mean we’ll go out there and start building, just that we’re looking and see if there’s any type of deal out there that we might take advantage of.
Jaison Blair - Rochdale : Your new credit agreement with Santander is that in effect on doing the June tightening of credit standards? Can you provide a little bit more color on that?
Keith Browning: It substantially does that. What we ended up doing is through the relationship that we built over the last few years they’ve gotten comfortable with our lending standards and they really stepped in and basically are now underwriting the majority of those loans that we tightened back at the beginning of June.
Jaison Blair - Rochdale : Is that a permanent agreement or at some point you might take those back if you loosen up your credit?
Keith Browning: We really like that segment; it’s just that the credit markets we want to see them solidify before we take a bigger portion. We’re currently underwriting a smaller portion of those loans along with Santander because we do like that segment. It’s just that we want to see more visibility and stability in our ability to go ahead and finance these and we’ll wait and see how things unfold. It is a short term agreement, we are pretty optimistic that we can extend it if need be.
Jaison Blair - Rochdale : How would you characterize your overhead or your employment levels? If we saw a recovery of demand in fiscal ’11 are you yet in hiring mode to prepare for recovery? How would you characterize how you’re positioning and how you feel in your outlook for fiscal ’11?
Tom Folliard: Right now we feel very good about our staffing levels. We’re staffed appropriately to our current sales level. If things were to recover we feel very confident in our ability to hire. It’s a pretty attractive market to be hiring in right now. We’re retail so we have a reasonable amount of turnover even in good times. Essentially we’re hiring sales consultants right now in all of our stores because we’re always hiring to replace turnover once we’re staffed to our current sales level. We feel very good about our ability to respond if the market was to pick up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia – William Blair
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: How long is the Santander agreement?
Keith Browning: Its a few months.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: The other thing I was confused by in the reporting on the finance side was it looked like you had some sort of offset in third party lending revenues. What happened there and can you walk us through that?
Keith Browning: One of the things that happened during the quarter is because CAF stepped up and took back a large piece of the business, revenue that would have showed up in third party income ended up showing up in CAF segment versus the prior quarter. That wasn’t intentional because we made a lot more money by originating that through CAF then our third parties. Santander does charge a sizeable discount for the sub-prime space where they originate and that’s been a consistent very large piece. When you pull back the other third party that’s substantially offsetting the revenue from our other third party lenders.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: I know you pulled back the ad spend this year and obviously sales are coming back. I’m curious as to how much of the SG&A leverage you’re getting from that decision to curtail advertising spending and whether this is a more structural shift and how you think about advertising spending on a go forward basis?
Tom Folliard: We listed the items in SG&A savings in the order of their magnitude so we listed advertising first because it’s the biggest chunk of the difference between this year and last. We monitor our advertising continuously. We try to manage it on a cost per car basis. Although sales are up 8% in the quarter it’s up against a -24% we’re still down 16 points over just two years ago. We’re managing our advertising accordingly. There’s not a structural shift in the way we have through about it. If we think about it in terms of cost per car then we’re hopeful that we’ll be spending more on advertising going forward because sales will pick up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: It looks to us from comparing your numbers with any outside third party assessment that you probably gained used car market share during the quarter. You usually have a view on how that transpired and I’m interested in what you think happened here.
Tom Folliard: We used to have a view on a shorter term basis. Because of the inaccuracy of the data at the beginning of the year this year we said we would talk about market share annually from this point forward. We’re looking at the data all the time but it’s so inaccurate in the short term that we have made the decision that we will discuss it at year end.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: On cost structure, to your point last year as sales were under pressure your costs were not coming down commensurately. This year your costs came down more than commensurately and you seem to more or less catch up on a two year basis as you look at the delta and expenses per store versus the delta in sales per store. Are we yet at the point where you would expect to see costs increase more or less along with revenues or do you still feel like you have more to go on the cost structure front?
Tom Folliard: We feel pretty good about the progress we’ve made. I think there’s always room for improvement in managing your costs and becoming more efficient and we have a number of different initiatives to try and maximize the savings and run the business as lean as possible. In terms of going back up as sales pick back up you have to remember there’s a couple big chunks that’ll come back advertising we already talked about but when we get back to opening up stores again which as we said we’re not doing right not.  When we do there’ll be a big chunk of SG&A that’ll come back as well. Some of the stuff that came out we want to come back because we want to get back to doing what we were doing before which is building stores.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: On the credit front, as you look at gain on sale you’re at 3.6% this quarter, you’re at 4% last quarter. Is that essentially the trade off that you discussed with the opening up the spigot a bit more and taking in some more volume into CAF?
Keith Browning: That’s substantially it. Part of taking more volume was we did reduce our rates and therefore won more often because we felt confident that we could go ahead and securitize these.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Is that 3.6% reflective of your real life current cost of funds in the marketplace as well as what you’re charging your consumers?
Keith Browning: To some extent. Part of the gain, the $12 million we experienced was a difference between the warehouse and the public market. A portion of that 3.6% was included in that transaction. If the market stayed the same for the fourth quarter there’s a possibility that there would be another pick up in the fourth quarter.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: On the Santander front if you could just remind us where they fit into your hierarchy to the extent that you still have some partners who are helping you out below them and how significant that piece of the market is which I assume lies directly south of where CAF would fund transactions but maybe north of where some of your other partners live.
Keith Browning: There have been a couple changes with Santander. They’ve obviously been our key sub-prime provider now for quite a while. Two things happened this quarter is that Wells/Wachovia merged and what happened is then we lost the Wells originations as a result of that. Santander actually moved up into that space and is originating in that place and substantially offset the impact from the Wells going away. The second piece was what we talked about the piece them buying the originations CAF had decided to decline beginning in June. If we look forward to the fourth quarter we would expect Santander to be north of 15% of our total business.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: The economics of their involvement in the space versus either your other sub-prime partners for that piece of it and inn terms of CAF economics for the mid level please.
Keith Browning: In the mid level piece they’re paying basically the same as our third party. They are paying us for that piece of it. On the other space currently since it is a test and it’s new to them they’re buying those at par so there’s no discount or no origination income. Part of why we entered into a short term agreement is for both of us to evaluate that going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Murphy – Bank of America
John Murphy – Bank of America: On the borrowing costs that CAF saw in the last securitization at 1.71% I’m just wondering if you think that’s something sustainable in the near term because of the strength in the ABS market what that has to do with TALF support there. Is there anything that will change in the near term that would raise that borrowing cost?
Keith Browning: It’s hard to say. The encouraging thing is our deal was a non-TALF deal, completely, even though TALF is out there we actually think that a transaction. You know as well as I do that the vagaries of the market and things happening somewhere in the economy can ripple through fairly quickly. All I can do is say I hope that it’s an indication and how long it will be sustainable your guess is probably as good as mind.
John Murphy – Bank of America: As far as the penetration of CAF where was that in the quarter and do you see that increasing over time or is it going to be impacted by the Santander expansion in funding. How do you expect that to change over time?
Keith Browning: CAF penetration was approximately 33% before payoffs. The answer is that it shouldn’t go down depending on Santander is, it could go up depending on what the long term arrangement is. If we get to the point where we’re confident about where Santander plays in our ability to go ahead and finance that it could be that we decide to step back into that space and take more.  I think we’re open and willing to have Santander continue to play in that arena just because we can’t control the overall ABS market and the financeability of it. We think long term its going to be part of our strategy to have someone playing in that space but we’re absolutely willing and interested in taking more of that in the future because of the economics on it. We make a lot more than par obviously on it. I misspoke; the 33% is net of payoffs.
John Murphy – Bank of America: You mentioned in a number of places in the press release and in your comments that showroom traffic was strong than what you financed. If you financed more obviously you would have gotten higher sales. Is there anything going on that you’re seeing unique in showroom traffic where its picking up markedly as consumer sentiment is getting better? What’s going on with showroom traffic? If you get this higher percentage of folks financed at the lower end are we looking at a 2% or a 10% increase in the folks that are getting financed? Something in that range is it really just a couple percent or is it pretty high.
Tom Folliard: We weren’t referencing our traffic in relation to financed customers; we were referencing our traffic in relation to our sales number. We talked about an 8% comp that the components of which were partially traffic and partially sales execution and that traffic was the bigger chunk of it. Although traffic was up in the third quarter year over year sales were up 8% and traffic was a portion of that. It was 5% or 6% compared to 3% or 4% of sales execution improvement.  We don’t see the customer coming back and the volume that we’d like to see the customer come back. This is an 8% improvement on a 24% decline. We’re still 16 points off of where we were just two years ago. Some of the external factors we continue to reference like high unemployment and low consumer confidence continue to impact our ability to get back to where we once were.
John Murphy – Bank of America: On used car pricing, obviously we’ve gone through a massive spike out of the trough in the beginning of this year. It seems like there’s some stabilization but some recent weakening. Is there anything that you’re seeing in the market that is sort of an aberration or something that’s concerning or do you think what we’re seeing in the market right now is just more seasonal and something that’s very easy to deal with.
Tom Folliard: I think it’s more seasonal right now in the fall. We always see depreciation in the fall. The aberration has been what’s gone on over the last year and a half or so, particularly this year when we saw appreciation continue all the way through August at a much steeper rate then we’d seen in the past. I think the aberration is more hopefully behind us and it gets a little bit more predictable going forward. I’ll tell you, in this environment it’s impossible to predict what’s going to happen. So much is dependent on what happens with new car sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: On the traffic topic is there any sense for whether we’re still in the hangover period for “Cash for Clunkers” or do you think that we’re now at a place where that’s behind us and this is the steady state traffic that we’re going to see for some time?
Tom Folliard: We don’t really know. It’s been three months since “Cash for Clunkers” and we talked about a spike coming from “Cash for Clunkers” and we were looking for a let down. The numbers are what they are. I’m not sure we’ll ever really know how much of it was a pull forward but this is how the numbers came out for the quarter. We haven’t really been able to assess specifically how much of the traffic shift was due to “Cash for Clunkers.”
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: On gross profit per unit, historically I think your philosophy was really to try to drive comps and you ran at $1,900 for a very long time. Should we read into this other then what’s going on in the market and pricing for used cars, can we read into your gross profit that you’ve tested the elasticity of demand and you don’t really get much more volume at $100 or $200 lower then where you’re at?
Tom Folliard: We believe that has been true for most of this year but I wouldn’t read into it and believe that it’s true going forward. I feel like we’ll constantly and always be testing the elasticity of price to see if we can drive more sales. Our preference would always be to drive more sales. We’ve talked about it a number of different quarters that we didn’t believe lowering price would help us very much and that has been true through the year but I don’t think you can draw any conclusion going forward.
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: As of now your modeling is basically telling you that this is the optimal place to be, you’re not getting much more at $1,900 or $2,000.
Tom Folliard: Instead of as of now I’d say as of then, when the third quarter ended. I’ll tell you that we’re constantly testing and evaluating price and see if it can drive sales and we do it in a controlled manner. We’ll take a few markets and move them around and see what happens and we’re going to continue to do that going forward. When we see evidence that it will help us move sales then we’ll do what we think is right for the total business.
Matt Nemer – Wells Fargo Securities: On advertising, is there a point where we anniversary the big reduction. Are you about as low as you can go now and what quarter do we really start to see that compare get more difficult?
Tom Folliard: We feel pretty good about where we are. As I said before, we are trying to manage our costs on a cost per car basis. We’re running less points then we used to on TV, we’re spending less total money but so is everybody else. We still feel pretty good about what’s called our share of voice and how much our brand name and our message is getting out there with the consumer. We feel very good about that. We’re going to manage our advertising commensurate with our sales. As I said before, if sales continue to go up we plan on spending more on advertising.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer
Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer: I want to talk about SG&A and follow along some of the questions that have already been asked. As we look at SG&A you’ve done a great job controlling expenses on several fronts over the past several quarters. Now we have two quarters where you’ve had nice positive comps, I think that to some extent is probably stress testing the cost controls you put in place. Putting aside the impact of costs coming back as you potentially open more stores going forward or even on the advertising side. From a structural standpoint, how much lower from an operating expense standpoint now do you think you can run the business?
Tom Folliard: That’s a tough question. I mentioned earlier I always feel like we can improve our efficiencies. It’s difficult to slice that piece out and project forward how much more room there is. Remember too that for us another big piece of cost that we focus on is our reconditioning costs which are not included in SG&A they’re in cost of goods sold.  We’ve talked in the past about progress we’ve made there. We think we have more room to go in that area as well. I couldn’t really specifically define for your how much more costs we can take out other than to caution that when we get going again there’s going to be a big chunk coming back.
Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer: The stores that you had previously constructed and now are going to open again. The last time we spoke it sounded like to me that it would take a longer time for you to decide to open those. The decision to open them is it simply a reflection of the improving traffic you’re seeing or is there something else in that process?
Tom Folliard: The traffic has been, sales are up as we said, over a last year, although not where we’d like them to be. This is more of just a financial decision for us. There are three stores, there’s a sunk cost involved there. We mentioned that opening those stores in the first half of the year would be accretive to earnings. We’re not sure what the negative impact is of having two brand new markets like Cincinnati and Dayton where our store is sitting there built and having consumers drive by and well like at this time we feel comfortable from a balance sheet and financial perspective that we can go ahead and open those stores.  Again, it doesn’t mean we’re going to go start building other stores because sales still aren’t where they need to be. It’s just a pure financial decision on the fact that we have $50 or $60 million of sunk cost in those three stores.
Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer: I know in the past you have not commented on sales trends for the quarter, but I’m going to ask if you could this time just given the potential variability with “Cash for Clunkers” that we talked about and how sales actually tracked through the quarter.
Tom Folliard: We’re still not going to do that. I appreciate the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Brinkman – JP Morgan
Ryan Brinkman – JP Morgan: Given that the sub-bonds continue to be written up so substantially, this of course suggests that underlying markets for these relatively liquid securities has improved considerably. Could we expect to perhaps see you actually sell some of these securities to a third party buyer as was the original intend at the time that you stepped into purchase them when that market wasn’t there perhaps now it is there to remarket them?
Keith Browning: Clearly there’s a market, it’s just that at this point when you look at our balance sheet we quite honestly don’t need the capital. We’re making a good return on those. I won’t say that we won’t. I think at a price we would but currently we are not actively considering that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison – Robert Baird
Craig Kennison – Robert Baird: Your team has done a very good job by focusing on the younger, lower mileage cars. Given the aging vehicle population though do you see a need to adjust that age mileage threshold or tweak the mix at all?
Tom Folliard: That’s where we talked about the majority of our sales. We do quite a bit of business in the older higher mileage segment as well. We are pretty good at tracking the velocity and the turns of all cars by mileage and by year. If we see that demand picking up then we kind of ramp up that slice of our inventory. What’s been a little unique in this environment is as sales have dropped off it’s really been just a complete loss of customer flow over the last, let’s say since last May. Our mix hasn’t changed that much. You would think our mix would have changed more then it did but it really hasn’t moved very much.
Craig Kennison – Robert Baird: With respect to CarMax Auto Finance could you walk through the various payments you receive at the thresholds? I had in my model the sub-prime being still an outflow of cash to your lender. Maybe just review where that’s at today.
Keith Browning: I’m not sure what you’re looking for.
Craig Kennison – Robert Baird: At the prime level typically your lending partner will pay you an origination.
Keith Browning: Third parties. At the prime level basically the prime to non-prime we basically have said we get several hundred dollars so you could use $300 as an average between our prime and non-prime partners. The shift goes to when you go into the non-prime segment where we pay a discount that’s $1,000 or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: We have seen a bit of a flattening in the overall wholesale used vehicle market and yet your used vehicle ASPs were up very sharply on a sequential basis. Was there anything maybe you guys did to drive that higher or was that just a function of whatever mix you sold. I’m curious as to why we saw such a delta between what you experienced and what we’re seeing in the overall market?
Tom Folliard: I don’t think it’s that much of a delta. If you look back to the beginning of January the amount of appreciation we saw through August was like nothing we’ve ever seen before which is the biggest driver of our change in ASP. Remember this announcement is through November so although we’ve seen some depreciation you can see Manheim & Odessa numbers its come down some but not that much. It’s nowhere near where it would be in a normalized year. When you compare year over year I think it’s obviously for us its still the main driver of our change in ASP. Though it’s come down slightly it’s coming down from a peak like we’ve never seen.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Can you also talk about, you mentioned conversion rates, can you talk about conversion rate versus last quarter, versus the second quarter, because something you had talked about, if I remember properly in the second quarter was you had seen actually a drop in traffic but improvement in conversion rate. Can you compare what you guys experienced in the third quarter so we can guess C04 whether execution continues to improve or we met a new threshold, etc.
Tom Folliard: I think it’s better to compare because there’s a lot seasonality in conversion because there’s different consumer behavior throughout the year. It’s better to compare, at least we feel it’s better to compare conversion year over year. In the second quarter we said conversion it was improved year over year and we said the same thing in this quarter. We were just attributing the amount of the change in sales and dividing it between traffic and conversion. Conversion in our third quarter was once again up year over year.  We’re very pleased with that. We’ve made a lot of improvements in our training and our stores and we feel like our sales consultants and our store teams have done an outstanding job in this environment of making sure they take care of the customers and I think the consumer is responding positively if they actually come to the store.  Remember to, I mentioned this in the press release, with tightening lending standards not just from CarMax Auto Finance but from all of our third parties our sales people have less quality approvals to work with if you made the comparison to the same customer with the same FICO score a year prior. It’s kind of a headwind for conversion.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: I know there’s been a bunch of questions on the SG&A side which I think has continued to surprise most of the investment community. Thinking about calendar 2010 do you think you’re going to need to invest more in the business. You already made the comment about advertising but just as a general thought process, is there a point where we need to start investing more in the business?
Tom Folliard: We feel like we’ve had a pretty decent balance of investments in the business and at the same time continuing to try and become more and more efficient. Part of becoming more efficient requires additional investment. We talked about that in some of the other quarters. To try and lower our reconditioning costs requires us to invest in engineering and lots of other things to try and drive those costs down. Improving our execution doesn’t come for free, that requires investment as well. We’ve continued to make new ads; we’re not running the same ads we ran a year ago. We’ve had two rounds of new TV ads that we’ve invested in. I feel like we have continued to invest in our business and we will going forward as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: Can you comment on your inventory plans heading into next year? I believe last year you were a bit tentative but other than some seasonal changes do you have any different thoughts going into this year end?
Tom Folliard: Last year at this time, this is the end of the third quarter, the beginning of the fourth quarter, we were more conservative then we had been in the past because of the record depreciation we’d seen in a three month period. It’s not as dramatic this year as it was before. We’re doing the best job we can with trying to predict our sales going forward and then our plan is to inventory to our sales rate. It’s kind of our plan every year. Last year we got a little more conservative because we had seen a short term depreciation curve like we’d never seen before.
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: Connected to that, a follow up on the comps and the expectations. Recognizing that Clunkers definitely benefited your sales last quarter which made forecasting this quarter all the more tricky. You hinted that sales aren’t where you want them to be. Can you talk about where your internal expectations were and how far off are they? That comes into how you can predict the inventory build as you go into year end.
Tom Folliard: I don’t know if this will make you feel better but it’s almost impossible to predict, its not just “Cash for Clunkers” the last year and a half has been impossible to really project going forward. The good thing about how we manage our inventory, I’ve talked about this a number of times, we literally manage our inventory every week. We try to do the best job we can predicting the next seven days. We make all of our acquisition decisions accordingly.  We continue to have a very tight window around inventory planning and inventory management. We’re not trying to figure out what sales are going to be next year and then planning inventory now, we’re literally looking at a week by week basis.
Simeon Gutman – Credit Suisse: I know you mentioned this but just to clarify, the decision then to go ahead and open the stores, its not that you’re necessarily feeling better about the business from the top line its just the cost structure is in better shape, I think CAF is stabilize doing well and now its just you made a determination that made sense to cover some of these costs.
Tom Folliard: That’s correct. Its almost pure math.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Truelove - UBS
William Truelove - UBS: Things for next store growth and your 16 points down from the peak in terms of sales. Is there a certain level of sales that you’d like to see before you consider store growth?
Tom Folliard: I don’t know if there’s a level that we’d like to see, it’s more of a trend line that we want to believe in. These stores have very long economic models and if we thought we would get back to our old sales levels in six months time or a years time then it wouldn’t make much difference in terms of getting going again with building stores. It’s more the trend and a believable growth rate that we want to see as opposed to a particular number.
William Truelove - UBS: In terms of new stores, is it possible that rather than acquiring the raw land and then building on it you might be able to take some of these existing dealerships that have gone out of business and where the land maybe buildings are still there and do it more economically that way, is that possible?
Tom Folliard: Its possible but from what we’ve seen so far it’s not like the biggest, best car dealers in the best retail location which is where we want to be are the ones that are closing. You see a lot of fringe dealers closing on the outskirts of town and that historically has not been the best location for us. When we go to a new market we want to be in the biggest dealer row, we want to have highway visibility, we want to be near high growth retail, and it just doesn’t seem like those are the places that have been closing.  In terms of us trying to find the absolute best location possible to maximize our sales that strategy maybe there’s something that will work here and there but I wouldn’t think it would be the main way that we would build stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong – CL King
Bill Armstrong – CL King: Under your new agreement with Santander are they purchasing loans for CAF from CAF or are they directly making loan offers to your customers?
Keith Browning: The loan offers are showing up on the store screen that’s coming from Santander is a way a consumer is going to see it.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: They’re not actually buying loans from CAF.
Keith Browning: Actually they’re buying them from the store like they would normally buy them from the store.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: Inventory per store was up around 23% or 24% on a year over year basis. I assume some of that was from price inflation but I assume also you got more units. Is that true? What should we infer from that?
Tom Folliard: We had an 8% positive comp so that’s part of it. The rest is all from higher ASPs.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: You’re not loading up in anticipation of a big sales burst in the near term?
Tom Folliard: I’m sorry, say that again.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: Looking at that 24% increase we shouldn’t infer that you’re anticipating those levels of sales growth. In other words, 20% plus type sales growth.
Tom Folliard: No, the truth is you would never see that in our inventory numbers because we don’t manage our inventory like that. We never are 20% over stocked with the expectation of increased sales. As I mentioned earlier, we aggressively manage our inventory to our current sales rate.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: Are you seeing any benefit in the market from all these dealer closings that we’ve seen? I know you mentioned before that a lot of them are sort of on the fringes of local markets. Is there any way you can measure any benefit in terms of market share or just any other benefits to your business?
Tom Folliard: Its hard to see a benefit when we’re so far off of where we were just two years ago. To Matt’s question earlier about market share, we’ll discuss that at year end. That’s where you probably see that number show up if we feel like we’re gaining share. Its just the market has gone away so fast it’s a little difficult to measure.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: Your ASP on retail sales was up about $1,700 year over year. Sounds like that was mostly from price inflation and really mix didn’t really have much of an impact, is that correct?
Tom Folliard: That’s absolutely correct. Mix had almost no impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Stember – Sidoti
Scott Stember – Sidoti: You guys probably quantify the lower reconditioning costs how much of a benefit that had in this quarter? I know that in the next quarter or two you are going to anniversary some of these benefits but could you talk about that.
Tom Folliard: I think at the end of the first quarter we talked about $100 of savings that we said was sustainable. That’s the same number that we have to report in this quarter. We believe there’s more to be had there and when we achieve it and we achieve it in a sustainable way then we’ll talk more about what that number is.
Scott Stember – Sidoti: With regard to these three new stores that will be opening, will they be employing the new flow concept for reconditioning?
Tom Folliard: At this time if they open as full reconditioning stores they will open under our new format. We have two of these stores are full production stores. One is built as a satellite but we have the option to open all three as satellites if we think that makes the best financial sense. When we get closer to opening those stores we’ll make those decisions.
Scott Stember – Sidoti: Did you give what the CAF penetration rate was in the quarter versus last year?
Keith Browning: 33% versus 32.5%
Tom Folliard: It was about flat to last year.
Scott Stember – Sidoti: What was it again in the second quarter of this year?
Keith Browning: It was 27%.
Operator: Your last question comes from Mark Mandel – FTN Equity Capital
Mark Mandel – FTN Equity Capital: Bonus accruals, does that have any impact this year versus last year?
Tom Folliard: Yes, because we have them this year and didn’t last year.
Mark Mandel – FTN Equity Capital: Can you quantify that at all?
Keith Browning: We haven’t quantified them.
Mark Mandel – FTN Equity Capital: In terms of your expansion, if you take into account the lead times in opening new stores, if you look at the economy clearly there’ll be an expansion perhaps in 2010 I think most people are assuming that. If you look at the weakened state of the real estate market, I can understand a dramatic cut back in expansion plans but given you’ve basically gone to zero and you’re still on hold. Just a little confused about your crystal ball.
Tom Folliard: We wish we had a crystal ball. The one we have is faulty. The big number is sales. You look at our quarter and we’re up 8% on a -24%. I don’t know that I can stress that enough that we’re down 16% from just two years ago. Although we’re optimistic that there’s a recovery on the horizon when that happens and the steepness of the recovery is a big, big unknown and until we have some more clarity and visibility we’re just not willing to go out and invest the capital. We’re also very pleased with the progress we’ve been making. Growth takes up a lot of energy and a lot of resources in an organization. Over the last year we’ve made enormous progress in improving the profitability of our business. I’m actually excited about the prospects of continuing to make improvements there. When we see a trend we believe in we’ll get to building stores. We’re only in 45% of US markets; we have a 2% market share. I think our best days are ahead of us, I feel just as optimistic today as I ever have about our ability to grow as a company, we’re just on hold right now, that’s all. That’s it for this quarter. We’ll talk to you next quarter. Everybody have a safe and happy holiday. Thanks for joining us. We’ll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-09-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Tom Folliard – President & CEO Keith Browning – EVP & CFO Katharine Kenny – VP IR 
Analysts:  Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs Ivan Holman - RBC Capital Markets Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Jordan Hymowitz – Philly Financial Willis Taylor – Gagnon Securities  
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the second quarter fiscal year 2010 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kenny. 
Katharine Kenny: Good morning. We’re calling from happy CarMax this morning. My name is Katharine Kenny, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for joining our fiscal 2010 second quarter earnings conference call.  On the call with me today as usual are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I need to once again remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.  In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that can affect these expectations please see the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2008 filed with the SEC.
Tom Folliard : Thank you Katharine, good morning everyone and welcome to our second quarter conference call. We are pleased to report today a record level of quarterly earnings despite what is still a very challenging economic environment.  We are especially pleased that the strength is broad based with contributions from all major areas of our business. The government’s cash for clunkers program certainly helped drive consumers into the market in late July and August, similar to the employee discount for all from a couple a years ago, and keep America rolling, from 2001. Cash for clunkers had far reaching appeal that drove not only new car traffic, but also created enthusiasm for used cars. However our traffic improvement was only partially due to this program, traffic has gradually trended higher since late last winter, before the spike from the clunkers program in late July and August. We also experienced an improvement in sales execution this quarter which was even more impressive given that CAF further tightened it’s lending standards at the start of the quarter reducing our used unit cost by a few additional percentage points. We believe that several factors contributed to our higher sales conversion rate, including our new sales training initiatives and having a better overall inventory position. In this economy we believe there has also been an increase in the percentage of motivated buyers and fewer customers who are just looking.  Now let me review some of our key financial highlights, first on sales, in the second quarter total revenues increased 13% to $2.08 billion, used revenues climbed 16% in the quarter due to a 10% increase in unit sales and a 6% increase in average selling price.  Comp store used units increased by 8%. The higher selling price reflected the continued appreciation in used car wholesale values that’s occurred since the start of the calendar year. Wholesale revenues increased 6% on a 5% increase in unit sales and a 1% increase in average selling price.  While our appraisal traffic improved sequentially it remained below last year’s level. However our buy rate improved significantly which more than offset the lower appraisal traffic. This was partially due to the stronger wholesale industry prices which allowed us to make more attractive buys to customers as well as the increase in motivated buyers.  On the gross profit, in the second quarter our total gross profit per unit increased by $363 to $3,116 per unit compared with $2,753 per unit in last year’s second quarter. Used vehicle gross profit per unit increased by $250 to $2,120 per unit from $1,870 per unit last year.  The dollar amount of the year over year increase was similar to the improvement posted in this year’s first quarter and it resulted from a combination of factors. The continued appreciation in used car wholesale values and the robust sales environment both supported the strong gross profit per unit, as did having a fourth consecutive quarter where we improved our inventory turns. Our wholesale gross profit per unit remained strong at $826 per unit this quarter although it dipped from $897 per unit reported last year. We continue to have strong dealer attendance at all of our auctions.  Now I’ll ask Keith to review the CarMax Auto finance results. 
Keith Browning : Thanks Tom, good morning. We experienced a significant rebound in CAF income to $72.1 million in this year’s second quarter versus a loss of $7.1 million in last year’s quarter. The results for both periods were affected by adjustments related to loans originated in prior periods, $36.2 million of favorable adjustments in this year’s quarter, and $28.2 million of unfavorable adjustments in last year’s quarter.  This year’s adjustments included a $28.5 million of mark-to-market write-ups in the value of our retained subordinated bonds, another $5.6 million more from favorable funding terms and costs for loans that were funded in the warehouse facility at the start of the quarter, and $2 million of other net favorable items. The mark-to-market write-ups reflect significant narrowing in the automotive ABS spreads that has occurred over the last few months. At the start of the quarter we implemented additional tightening in CAF’s lending standards. We felt that it was prudent to do so in order to increase the [financability] of our new CAF loan originations and reduce CAF’s credit enhancements associated with future CAF securitizations. We expect loss rates on new originations will be significantly reduced, which will in turn, lower our required credit enhancements. As a result of our capital preservation strategy CAF’s loan penetration rate net of three day payoffs, was below 30% for this year’s second quarter versus a penetration rate in the mid 30’s in last year’s second quarter. On a combined basis this tightening together with the tightening CAF implemented in the second half of 2009, adversely affected our second quarter used unit comps by several percentage points. During the quarter we also renewed our warehouse facility agreement.  The facility limit was reduced to $1.2 billion from $1.4 billion primarily reflecting our reduced originations. While the funding cost spread increased from the previous agreement it was considerably lower then what we originally anticipated.  Our funding cost spread assumption on the new warehouse facility is approximately 270 basis points above the applicable benchmark rate. At August 31 we had $625 million available warehouse capacity.  Excluding the adjustments related to prior period originations, CAF income still climbed more than 70% versus last year’s quarter primarily due to an increase in the gain origination and higher interest income. The gain percentage was 4.2% this quarter versus 1.8% in last year’s second quarter and it benefited from both lower benchmark funding rates and from lower enhancement requirements resulting from the tightening of our lending standards.  CAF interest income includes the interest that we’re earning on the retained subordinated bonds, and we’re currently holding roughly twice the amount of the sub bonds compared with a year ago. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Folliard : Thank you Keith, on to SG&A, we were able to reduce our SG&A spending to $218.1 million from $225.1 million last year and this is despite a 10% increase in used unit sales. The reduction in total spending primarily reflects decreases in advertising and growth related expenses such as relocation and pre-opening costs as well as benefits from our ongoing waste reduction initiatives.  Together the improvement in sales, gross profit per unit, CAF income, and SG&A leverage drove our net income to a record $103 million from $14 million in last year’s second quarter. Diluted EPS was $0.46 in this year’s quarter versus $0.06 last year.  Even excluding the $0.10 per share of favorable CAF adjustments this quarter we had a record level of earnings per share notably higher than our next best quarter which was $0.30 per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2008. Again while cash for clunkers had a positive effect on our sales this quarter it was only one of many elements that drove our success. So in summary I’d like to emphasize how well I think our associates have performed over the last several quarters during the most challenging environment our company has ever faced.  We have been able to improve our sales execution, we’ve done a nice job controlling inventory, managing through successive periods of both record depreciation and appreciation in used vehicle values, while steadily improving inventory turns year over year.  We’ve kept our inventories closely aligned with sales trends which has allowed us to optimize gross profit per unit while still offering great values to our customers. We have managed through one of the most challenging credit environments in recent history and positioned CAF to be a continuing strong contributor to our business going forward.  We have made substantial progress in our key initiatives of increasing operational effectiveness and reducing waste. We’ve also been able to reduce SG&A costs to adapt to the changes in sales levels. We will continue to focus on improvements in all these areas and on making permanent business enhancements that will serve us well in all economic environments.  In closing let me thank all of you for your interest and support of CarMax, and as always I’d like to also thank the more than 13,000 CarMax associates for all you do every day. Now Keith and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Congratulations on your performance here, a couple of questions if I could largely on credit, could you just go into a little more color on the increase in the underlying gain on sale of loans sold to 4.2%. You talked about funding costs, you spoke about credit enhancements, just a little more color on what exactly went on and also on how sustainable you think that 4% rate would be. 
Keith Browning : We saw a measurable decrease in the benchmark rates so that’s the principal reason and then based on our current outlook, our enhancements are down significantly and then the other piece that goes in with that Matt, is the fact that the losses will also be substantially lower based on our projections, all gets baked into the increase.  Whether we can sustain the what used to be called the normalized range of 3.5% to 4.5%, obviously will depend on what the consumer tells us so as you know we are very cognizant of three day payoffs and will adjust consumer rates accordingly.  But as far as those other elements then it just depends on what happens to benchmark rates in the short term and we wouldn’t expect any material change in the loss rates and the enhancement levels that we assumed in this quarter. 
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Was the tightening in credit standards during the quarter incremental to the second quarter, or is it something that you’ve been implementing kind of over the past couple of quarters. 
Keith Browning :  We did some testing in the first quarter of what we ended up doing, rolling out more broadly in the second quarter, so we’ve been doing some incremental tightening actually since the second half of last year. Early last year we were basically focused on capital preservation and as I think we described it, we were talking more about what’s a level of equity a consumer had to be and then as time progressed, we ended up starting declining customers that we previously approved. In the first quarter this year we actually were testing further declining customers that we would have previously approved and based on the results of that, we rolled that out at the beginning of the quarter. 
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: And we had noted I guess in your latest securitization filings for the past couple of months looked a little bit rougher from a delinquency perspective relative to typical seasonal trends then we had seen earlier in the year, is that part of what led you to make this move. 
Keith Browning : Well the delinquencies are up across most polls versus history. The last two polls had some very unique circumstances related to them. The first one that we did this year basically was much more seasoned and so when we compare that to the relative, versus the other polls prior to that, given the stressed economy, actually the delinquencies are in line with our expectations.  And the same thing is true of the one we did most recently, it has a little bit different twist on it. While it isn’t as seasoned because there was some noise around Texas, we have a larger concentration of Texas loans in that particular securitization, and they typically do perform worse. That’s baked into our loss assumption and baked into the delinquencies there. So again in all honesty, all the polls are performing in line with our expectations and the good news is that we believe that we have the losses pegged accordingly. 
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Where are your marks right now on the subordinated bonds retained on balance sheet after the mark up this past quarter. 
Keith Browning : I don’t know the full book value—
Matt Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Just trying to get a sense that if you bring it back to par what the additional gains would be. 
Keith Browning : For the non discounted bonds I think that you can say that we basically got them back to par. For the large tranche that we did where we discounted them and then they obviously have a long way to go and obviously all of that is going to be subject to volatility and what happens to spreads going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivan Holman - RBC Capital Markets
Ivan Holman - RBC Capital Markets: Congratulations on a very solid quarter, I was just wondering if you could comment, offer a little bit of color with regards to the sustainability of increasing gross profit dollars per unit. You suggested in the past that $2,000 was a tough number to sustain for used vehicles. Do you still believe this to be the case.  
Tom Folliard : Yes, I would say the same thing which is it’s a tough number to sustain but as always it’s a balancing act for us between margin in retail, margin in wholesale, what we are able to make at CAF, and what total sales turn out to be.  We happen to be operating in an environment where we have a pretty significant tailwind with appreciation where you know when you sell, if you sell a car and you turn around and go buy it back the next week, you’re going to pay more then what you just had in that car. So that really helped us in the quarter. We talked about that same phenomenon in the first quarter this year and so I think we were able to do what we did this quarter and at the same time still feel like we were passing on a great deal to the consumer because again, each time we sold a car we had to go back and replace it at a higher value.  But in terms of sustainability it’s always going to be a balancing act for us but this was a pretty good quarter for us. 
Ivan Holman - RBC Capital Markets: Can you please try to size the impact of the cash for clunkers program just to try to figure out what a real run rate would be ex cash for clunkers. 
Tom Folliard : It’s impossible to really figure out the total impact of cash for clunkers until some more time has gone by. Before cash for clunkers started there was a lot of publicity around it and I think that had some impact on consumers’ mindset. Clearly when it happened it created a spike for us which we talked about and now we’re only a few weeks into it’s end, and I think some more time has to elapse before we can really quantify the exact impact of it.  And it’s very difficult for us too, because if you saw our traffic numbers for the quarter, they were actually down slightly year over year, so it’s hard to say that cash for clunkers helped our traffic in the quarter. So although it created a spike during the five or six week period when it ran, the total impact I think is yet to be seen.  Ivan Holman - RBC Capital Markets And so are you saying that after that five to six week period there was a drop off, or was there a gradual deceleration in traffic trends, was there a—
Tom Folliard : The five to six week period ended at the end of August and that was only three weeks ago. We’re in the middle of, this is just the beginning of our quarter, so we’re not going to talk about this quarter at all. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: Bravo, congratulations on navigating through a very challenging environment, can you provide additional color on the potential to streamline refurbishment. My understanding is that the cost is currently about $1,500 per vehicle and that you’ve already pulled out about $100 per vehicle versus an average operating margin of about $800. So can you talk about how you’re thinking about that opportunity going forward, could you reduce refurbishment by another $100.
Tom Folliard : We talked about the $100 that we’ve achieved at the end of the first quarter. It was a similar number in the second quarter. We believe there’s more to be had there but with a bunch of moving parts there it’s difficult to really say exactly what that number is.  But we absolutely believe that there’s more that we can get and our operations teams are working very hard to figure out how to streamline operations in a number of different ways and to get those costs lower if possible and like I said, we believe there’s more but we have yet to quantify it. 
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: And then the follow-up would be you’ve taken your SG&A down pretty meaningfully, I think you’ve gone from 180 employees per store to 130, can you talk about philosophy to add SG&A as sales increase and how you balance out maintaining a lean cost structure with potentially preparing to restart growth and what we might expect to see over the next six to 12 months assuming we, at current trends are sustainable. 
Tom Folliard : We don’t really look at our employees like that on a per store basis across the broad number, but I will tell you that almost all of our drop-off in employees on a store by store basis is directly related to our sales volume. So at the end of the year we were down on a run rate basis, our comps were down 26% at the end of the fourth quarter and our employees were down accordingly. If you look at our SG&A number this quarter compared to the last two quarters, it’s down year over year but it’s up some sequentially and that’s because our sales have moved back up. So in terms of our employees per store, a big key for us as a retailer is to match our employees with our sales rate, which I think we’ve done a pretty decent job of over the last year. And I would expect we would add that piece of SG&A back as sales come back.  And we’re hopeful that we can do that. As far as restarting growth, we’re not going to get too excited over one quarter in this environment and we’re going to let some time pass and when we start evaluating when we would restart growth, then we’ll talk more about the SG&A associated with that. 
Jaison Blair - Rochdale Securities: Have you achieved any additional insights into the implementation of FAS 166 and 167 and the potential for restating your financial statements. 
Keith Browning : No, we’re still navigating that as the deeper we get into it, the more little quirks we find and so it’s not as easy as it might appear on the surface. So we have to work our way all the way through that and make sure that when we do it we do it right, and we disclose it appropriately and so when we’re ready we’ll absolutely tell you exactly what we plan on doing.  But obviously the clock is ticking and we only have six months to get it done. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: Could you talk about supply of used cars right now. Lots of reports out there about supply constraints and how you would expect that’s going to impact your gross margins going forward. 
Tom Folliard : Yes there have been a lot of reports and supply is down and it’s largely down because new car volumes have been so down for well over a year now. Ultimately the supply is going to be driven by what the new car run rate is going forward and without knowing what that’s going to do, it’s difficult to predict supply over the next few years.  What’s happened over the last couple of quarters is with supply being down we’ve seen wholesale prices continue to appreciate and it’s just a basic supply and demand model. The good news for us is we still represent a very small percentage of total used cars sold, so in terms of our ability to go out and acquire inventory that’s attractive for our customers, it’s really not that much of an issue.  We’ve talked about our market share being less than 2% of one to six year old used cars, and we’re only in 45% of US markets so that number is still true today. But trying to predict the supply going forward without really knowing what the new car run rate is, is very difficult. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: Could you anecdotally just quantify where you stand with that inventory at the end of the quarter. 
Tom Folliard : We feel very good about our inventory being aligned with our sales rate which is what we’ve been focused on over the last, during this really, really tough time for the country and for our company, we’ve been very focused on making sure that we can keep our inventory in line with our sales, keep out turns up, allow us to manage our margins better, allow us to keep our inventory fresh, and allow us to carry what the consumers really want to buy.  So I’m very proud of the fact that over the last four quarters each quarter compared to the prior year’s quarter we’ve improved our inventory turns now for four consecutive quarters in a row and where we stand right now, is we feel pretty good about our position as it relates to our sales rate. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: And could you touch on do you think or have you seen any proof that you’re gaining any share from some of the domestic new car dealership closures. 
Tom Folliard :  At the end of the last quarter we talked about share being a, it’s not an exact science and there’s not a lot of great data out there. Again we feel great about where our sales came out for the quarter but we’re only going to report share now at the end of each year.  In the short-term it’s been so volatile and so inaccurate I just don’t think it makes sense to keep reporting it on a short-term basis, when we’re not very confident in the accuracy of the numbers. So we’ll report that at the end of the year. 
Scott Stember - Sidoti & Company: And on store openings, obviously with a little bit of light at the end of the tunnel here and things improving, are we still in a holding pattern. 
Tom Folliard :  We are. We consider the light at the end of the tunnel to still be dim. It was bright for a little while. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: I had a question on gross profit, with higher wholesale prices per vehicle, I would have expected your cost of supply to be detrimental to your retail gross profit and conversely it would have been beneficial to your wholesale gross profit, yet that seemed to be the reverse this quarter. I was wondering if you could just drill down on that a little bit for us. 
Tom Folliard : The dynamic with retail is if you have heard how we’ve talked about managing our inventory in the past, as inventory ages we mark it down. So if we’re improving our turns year over year, then there is less need to mark inventory down.  If the other thing that’s going on at the same time is you have record appreciation, then each time you sell a car as I mentioned earlier, when you turn around and go re-acquire that inventory you have to pay more for it which makes even less sense to have more aggressive markdowns.  So that’s the dynamic in the tailwind for margins that we have seen really since the beginning of this year and continued through the summer. If you look at any external data from Manheim or [ADESA], or any of the auction chains, it’s continued through the summer at really an unprecedented rate of appreciation.  And I understand your question but it actually creates, it helps us with margin on retail. As far as wholesale is concerned, our volumes are up in the quarter and our margin was down I think $60 or $70. We’ve said that last year’s second quarter was a really high profit margin for us and again what we’re focused there on, is turns. And we turn our inventory dramatically faster at wholesale then we do in retail and if we’re within $50 or so, then we think that’s pretty good. So the $50 or $70 that we were down in wholesale profit is not a number of concern for us. 
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Turning to comps, I know new vehicles are a very small piece of your business but new vehicle comps were down 19% while your used comps were up 8% and you’d think with the clunkers, you’d get a direct benefit on the new vehicle side. Why were new vehicle comps down so much. 
Tom Folliard : It’s a very small percentage of our business and, so in the big scheme of things it’s such a small number for us. We did less than 700 clunker deals in all of our new car stores combined. So it’s just not a big number. I’m not sure why the difference is year over year. 
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: And then just in your CarMax used superstores, what actions did you take if any to drive traffic into your stores knowing that the clunkers traffic was going to be all around. Did you run any specific promotions or advertisements to get people to come into a CarMax store. 
Tom Folliard : Well a couple of things, one we have shifted our campaign towards the conditions in the economy and we’ve been calling that our smart campaign and trying to make the point that now more than ever CarMax is the smart place to shop.  We got some traction in that campaign through the first half of this year and I think that message, it resonates with the consumer even through the cash for clunkers program. We also upped our ads, our mix of advertising on appraisals. And I think when people are out there, we’ve talked about this before, but when there’s any promotion that drives demand and drives enthusiasm around new cars, often times consumers will get out there and realize that they didn’t qualify the way they thought they would for that particular promotion.  And you find out that some of the new car dealers aren’t as willing to buy whatever the car is that they’re driving and that generates, can sometimes generate appraisal traffic for us. So we did shift towards appraisals in terms of our mix in our campaigns in anticipation of that excess customer being out there who finds out that the incentive they thought was good for them just wasn’t. 
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: So kind of telling people come on in and get a free appraisal from CarMax and then see what you can get, is that the idea. 
Tom Folliard : That’s the mix of the campaign, but of note is that we still lowered our advertising expense significantly in the quarter year over year. 
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Right, how much did you lower it by, can you disclose that. 
Tom Folliard : It will be down, hopefully it won’t be down because hopefully we see things change in the second half of the year, but it will be down 30% or 40% year over year at the end of the year. 
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: For the full year.
Tom Folliard : Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: Congratulations, could you discuss the recent appetite for securitizations out there and how the market might look without TALF at the end of the year. 
Keith Browning : I’d say the market is looking a lot better. In fact most recent deals with the exception of the three year paper are getting done without TALF because the pricing, the spread is actually 90 or lower. So it’s feeling better and we are optimistic that having the additional three months will allow us to basically get our deals done without TALF. And we’re not even certain whether our next deal will need TALF or not quite honestly. 
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: How many would you expect to do by the end of the year.
Keith Browning : Well we certainly will have to do a minimum of one, and whether we get the two done by the end of the fiscal year or not remains to be seen. But at least one, probably two. 
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: So with the securitization market functioning better you feel like you have the right size in the warehouse to deal with your sales even though sales are clearly better than expected. 
Keith Browning : Yes, relatively speaking our sales are still down year over year in aggregate based on what we have seen and so we have plenty of cushion. We stepped up to $1.4 billion last year to give ourselves plenty of room for unforeseen events in the securitization market.  So looking at kind of the place where we were we felt like we still have the same additional capacity to weather any disruptions should they materialize but like I said, it doesn’t look like that they, anything is coming. 
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird: Are there any changes in the origination fee structure you get as you tighten your credit policies. 
Keith Browning : Not currently. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: I was wondering whether you’ve had any ability to quantify the impact of appreciating used vehicle prices on your margin. You mentioned, sort of a disinclination the discounting and I would imagine that just the time period between purchasing of inventory and selling it in an appreciating environment is helpful. If you could just give us a little color on that factor and just the sustainability of higher margins as I would imagine that that’s going to be affected by the consolidation of some of your competitors. 
Tom Folliard : I kind of already talked about that but I think that is still yet to be seen. Some of our, the profit this quarter is really the sequential starting point from the first quarter as well. Our comparison to last year although it’s pretty significant, is not that big a comparison compared to the first quarter and if you look back at last year, the numbers, they’re harder to move sequentially in big chunks.  So some of it is just the comparison to last year, but in terms of predicting margin going forward, we have no idea. 
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Right but just supporting north of $2,000 per vehicle, you mentioned that $100 improvement and in your cost structure, but is there some quantifiable amount that is related to an inflationary used car environment or is that not possible. 
Tom Folliard : As I said, it’s impossible to predict and as I said earlier it’s always a balancing act. I couldn’t tell you right now that if we got another $100 of savings in reconditioning that we wouldn’t put it in to lower margins to try to drive incremental sales if the external environment and all the other factors that we utilize in deciding what to shoot for in margins, if that environment changes, and we feel like it would be best to lower margins to drive sales, then we would do that. 
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank: Just on this 4.2% gain on sale, could you just give us a little color on what your average loss assumption and retail rate would be on this or what is the amount of enhancement that’s factored into that and any additional color on the new accounting scheme and how that would have affected what you will report as profitability in this business. 
Keith Browning : The loss rate assumption will be less than 2%, hopefully that will help. And as far as 166, 167, again we still have a lot of work to do. In general as I said before it’s going to add $4 billion in assets on the balance sheet along with $4 billion non recourse debt. And then we’ll earn the income evenly over time but there’s a lot of details to be worked out as far as whether we can restate, how we can restate, etc., etc.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Hymowitz – Philly Financial
Jordan Hymowitz – Philly Financial: Congratulations on a good quarter, two quick questions, first of all with the wholesale vehicle gain per vehicle was there any operating change on that or was it just the function of volume. In other words, did you deliberately try and sell more cars through wholesale or not really. 
Tom Folliard : No, the amount of cars we sell through wholesale is directly related to the amount of wholesale cars we buy in the appraisal lane. We don’t shift the, there are pretty stringent retail standards and we buy everything that we, we make an offer on every single car, we buy whatever the consumer wants to sell us and whatever of that mix comes out to wholesale, that’s what our volume will be.  We didn’t change anything about, it’s just the way it came out. 
Jordan Hymowitz – Philly Financial: With the new accounting next year, what’s being debated the way I understand is how to quantify the historical balance sheet but there will be no gain on sale, correct next year, that you’re going to earn them on an interest income methodology so there won’t be, it’s not whether it will be 3.5 or 4.5, there’ll be no gains next year you just got to earn it as the income comes in, correct. 
Keith Browning : That’s correct and so what will happen is, is that at the beginning of the year, the first entry will be to basically take the majority of the retained interest and run that through OCI and then you’ll be earning the income on all the prior years’ originations that are still out there that haven’t been recognized and so whether that’s a net positive or negative, we have to work through the math. 
Tom Folliard : In other words, we’ll have a whole different set of questions to answer but one of them won’t be gain on sale. 
Jordan Hymowitz – Philly Financial: And if, you said there was a 2% loss allowance that’s a lifetime allowance for the new pool.
Keith Browning : I said, yes, less than 2%. 
Jordan Hymowitz – Philly Financial: So mathematically it’s about a 2.2 year average life, that would be about a 1% loss reserve per year on your new stuff. 
Keith Browning : Less then that, correct. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Willis Taylor – Gagnon Securities 
Willis Taylor – Gagnon Securities : You mentioned earlier that your sales execution improved because of some new training programs, could you elaborate more on what those were, please. 
Tom Folliard : It’s a number of different things, one thing we talked about at the end of the year was that without growth it gives us an opportunity to focus substantially more on execution in the stores, and on waste reduction initiatives and sales execution is more of a broad based training, various training programs and things of that nature that we’ve been able to I think make some progress on in the first half of the year.  But there are a number of factors that go into execution and that’s just one of them. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Tom Folliard : Once again thank you for joining us and I want to give one last thanks out to all of our CarMax associates in our stores, our home office and our CarMax Auto Finance. It’s a direct result of their dedication and commitment that has allowed us to perform fairly well in this very difficult environment. Thank you once again and we’ll see you next quarter.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-06-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny – Vice President, Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - President and Chief Executive Officer Keith Browning - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank Securities Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer & Co. Rex Henderson – Raymond James Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company Analyst for Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs Himanshu Patel – J.P. Morgan Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co. Sam Yake – BGB Securities Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets  Rich Kwas - Wachovia Capital Markets Gentry Klein - Littlejohn & Co.
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter FY2010 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kenny. 
Katharine Kenny: Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for joining our fiscal 2010 first quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2009 filed with the SEC.
Thomas J. Folliard: Good morning and welcome to our first quarter conference call. Despite the difficult economic conditions, we are pleased to report some signs of improvement in our fiscal 2010 first quarter results. While it is difficult for me to call negative 17% used unit comps an improvement, it was certainly a sequential step in the right direction after a negative 26% comps in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009.  The majority of this improvement was due to better sales execution, although traffic did increase modestly during the quarter. Given the weak environment and the fact that we have temporarily suspended store growth, we are focused even more on enhancing our execution, both in the store and with leads generated online. Regarding cash, we complete a $1.0 billion securitization in April. As projected, we took a CAF [CarMax Auto Financing] adjustment this quarter related to higher funding costs. This was partially offset by a positive movement in market valuations on our sub bonds. We had no material adjustments related to any of our loss assumptions. Keith will give you some more detail in a few minutes on CAF. Now let me review some of our key financial results. First, sales:  In the first quarter total sales decreased 17% to $1.83 billion compared with $2.21 billion in the first quarter of fiscal 2009;  Used vehicle revenues decreased 15% for the quarter due to the combination of a 13% decrease in unit sales and a 2% decrease in average selling price;  Year-over-year we saw a recovery in SUVs as a percentage of sales. SUVs increased by approximately 7% whereas compact and mid-sized cars and trucks decreased by about 5%;  Wholesale revenues decreased by about 29% as units fell by 25% and average selling price declined by 6%; While our appraisal traffic remained law our buy rate did improve compared to the first quarter of last year, partially due to improved industry wholesale prices which allowed us to make more attractive offers to customers. On to gross profit: In the first quarter our total gross profit per unit increased by $347 to $2,911 dollars compared with $2,564 in the first quarter of last year; Used vehicle gross profit per unit increased by $259 to $2,001 from $1,742 in the first quarter of fiscal 2009. This was partially a reflection of the abnormally low gross profit recorded last year but other contributors included this year's more favorable wholesale marketplace and the early success of our efforts to shrink reconditioning costs. We estimate the cost reduction in reconditioning was approximately $100 per car. Wholesale gross profit per unit grew to $904 this quarter from $784 last year, also due to the improved wholesale environment and the continuation of strong dealer-to-car ratios at our auctions. On the CarMax Auto Finance, I'll ask Keith to add some confusion to the results that we reported this morning.
Keith Browning: We previously announced the first quarter earnings at CAF would be negatively impacted by higher funding comps of between $60.0 million and $85.0 million related to the $1.2 billion outstanding in the warehouse facility at fiscal year end.  However, due to significantly improved credit spreads recently evidenced in the market for sub bonds, the adjustment totaled approximately $58.0 million, slightly below the bottom of this previously estimated range. In addition, we recorded a favorable mark-to-market adjustment on the bonds we held from securitizations completed in calendar of 2008 of approximately $12.0 million. This adjustment, combined with others, principally a decrease in prepayment speed assumptions, resulted in an overall favorable adjustment of over $17.0 million. Current period CAF income decreased from last year due to a variety of factors, including higher estimated warehouse credit enhancement levels and facility funding costs that we will expect will be required when we renew or replace this facility in July; CarMax's lower sales; CAF's lower penetration; and a higher discount rate assumption. During the quarter we continued to slow the overall rate of CAF originations by routing more credit applications to our third-party lenders, as well as tightening standards for some consumer segments. Although this strategy had a modestly negative impact on comparable store sales, we believe it is imprudent to operate at a lower origination rate until we have more clarity in those credit market trends. At May 31, [2009], we had $636.0 million of capacity utilized in the warehouse facility. Now I will turn the call back over to Tom.
Thomas J. Folliard: On our SG&A, net of the impact of litigation adjustments, first quarter SG&A expenses fell by approximately $22.0 million compared to the first quarter of last year. SG&A expenses fell as a result of a number of factors, including the elimination of costs related to growth such as relocation and preopening, a reduction in advertising expense, and a decrease in variable selling expenses. Net income decreased slightly to $28.7 million from $29.6 million in last year's first quarter. Dilute EPS was $0.13 for both quarters. Let me just summarize by saying that we're pleased with the progress we've made on our key initiatives, including increasing operational effectiveness and reducing waste. We are also pleased with our overall performance during the worst environment our company has ever experienced.  During this time we have been able to maintain our gross profit while still offering great values to our customers. We have reduced advertising expense while still developing some new well-received campaigns, focused on CarMax's superior consumer offer. We have utilized our unique inventory management and car-buying systems to respond quickly to changes in wholesale values and customer demand and aggressively manage our inventory levels accordingly. And we've also continued to reduce overhead to adapt to our temporarily reduced sales level. We are intensely focused on continuing improvement in all of these areas and on making permanent business enhancements that will serve us well in all economic environments. In closing, let me thank all of you for your interest and support of CarMax, but most importantly, I would like to thank our over 13,000 CarMax associates for all that they do every day. Now we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank Securities.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank Securities: I guess first a couple of questions on CAF. Can you just roughly go through the math on this 0.7% gain? What kind of provisions and what kind of warehouse cost of funds you're assuming now?  And also, you had a 16.5% credit enhancement in the last securitization. Talk a little bit about the capital required to support the business going forward, whether you see any opportunities to sell subordinated tranches. And then just lastly, any thoughts, preliminary thoughts, on the impact of the financial overhaul on CAF?
Katharine Kenny: That was one question, right Rod?
Keith Browning: As far as current period originations, we did have to make an estimate. We looked at what our last public securitization was and incorporated that as part of the estimate, as well as looking at our current status of negotiations on renewing or replacing the conduit. And so it was really split into almost 50/50 an increase in impact on the gain percent from the higher enhancement levels that we think we'll have pay. We don't know what those are yet and so we're not comfortable in disclosing how much they are.  And we also estimate that the cost of the facility itself will be up about 150 basis points so it's really kind of the combination of those two pieces that drove the gain percentage down. And as far as outlook, I guess what I would say is that there is positive outlook in the fact that the spreads did come down on sub bonds. We don't know whether they will continue to decline or not but it does give us some hope that there may be a market in the future for those. But the same reason why we slowed down originations is that we are allowing ourselves time for the market to continue to correct itself and try to make sure that we can sustain CAF because it's critical to our operations and we will see what the market brings to us. But right now we are kind of cautiously optimistic, I guess. The government regulations, I have taken a quick look at it. Quite honestly, CAF is a finance company and currently is governed by all the states. That will continue. I think that there is likely to be some spill-over effect on CAF from just the overall regulations that are going to impact the banks and the non-banks and that also CAF will fall under the purview of the new consumer financial protection agency.  And the impact of all of this remains to be seen because it's just a proposal right now and we'll just have to wait and see. But that's my current top-level view.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank Securities: If you were unable to, if you record gain on sale, would you think that, from an accounting perspective, you would restate history and bring everything back on balance sheet or would that sort of be a clean break? Do you have any preliminary thoughts on that?
Keith Browning: Just so you know, also the FASB has already issued 166 and 167 which are restatements for the old gain on sale proposals of 140 and FIN 46. So there's already a requirement that's going to be imposed on CarMax to change its accounting starting next fiscal year.  So regardless of this agency, it looks like we will most likely not be able to do gain on sale accounting beginning next fiscal year. Whether we can restate or not and what the impact is, those are two very big documents and we are currently waiting. There is a very recent pronouncement that came out earlier this month.  And so when we're ready we'll try to help people understand but in all likelihood all of the receivables will go on the balance sheet and that will earn income over the life of the loans.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank Securities: Any thoughts on the Clunkers Bill and sustainability of the grosses?
Thomas J. Folliard: We saw the bill pass yesterday and it's gone through various changes but the bill that looks like it will go through is down to $1.0 billion. It ends at the end of September. The average incentive is around $4,000. So I think the amount of potential impacted sales has come down pretty significantly. But in our history, when there have been incentives that have driven consumer demand and brought people out into the marketplace, we have historically benefitted. If you go back to the zero-zero-zero promotion after 9/11, it drew a bunch of people into the market. Some of those people found out that the incentives didn't work quite right for them. We ended up having the best positive comp we've ever had in the history of the company, at positive 29%. And then the next big incentive that worked was the employee pricing a couple of summers later. And I think many folks thought that we would suffer because of that incentive but when consumers are driven into the marketplace, I think many are driven out there that think this incentive might work for them but then they get excited about buying a car and our history has been we've benefited from any incentive that has driven consumers into the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer & Co.
Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer & Co.: Tom, more of a strategic question to start off, but as we look at what's happening in your industry, an obviously very fluid situation, but with the dealer closings and potential dealer closings, how do you think those impact CarMax intermediate or longer term?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, until we really see where the closures are and what ultimately becomes of those dealers, it's difficult to say what the impact will be on us. I will tell you that I'm very confident in our consumer offer. I think it has proven to be superior. I think we have proven to be the market share winner in every market that we operate in. And we have always said that our biggest competition are new car dealers who also sell used cars and you would have to believe that there will be less of those when this is all said and done. So I think there is a case to be made that it could potentially be a positive for us. But either way I have a lot of confidence in our consumer offer and our ability to navigate through it.
Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer & Co.: We did see a sequential improvement in Q4 to Q1, your sales. Can you give us an indication of how sales in the quarter tracked?
Thomas J. Folliard: We're not going to talk about sales through the quarter, but obviously as the quarter finished up and we were going against the positive 1 comp, we ended up better than we did in the fourth quarter.
Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer & Co.: You mentioned in the press release and again in your prepared comments about the benefits about some of the cost initiatives in your reconditioning process. I know that this is something you've talked about for a while and I just want to see how far along are we in this, in sort of say, realizing the benefits of this?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, it's a long-term initiative for us. I expect to get benefits over a very long period of time. We are pleased that over the last year we've been able to pull out approximately $100 in costs on a cost-per-car basis and our quality scores have actually gone up during that same time.  So we are pleased so far with the results but it's a big deal for us. There's a lot of process, there's a lot of people, there's a lot of labor involved and I just think it's more of a marathon than it is a sprint. And I couldn't really give you an estimate of what the long-term benefits are but I feel really good about we've done so far.
Brian Nagel – Oppenheimer & Co.: A $100 on a base of how much you typically spend on a car for reconditioning?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, it's $100 on around $1,500.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rex Henderson – Raymond James.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: Keith, could you give me a little color on the carrying value of the subordinated tranches on the balance sheet now, and kind of how much discount is built into that now?
Katharine Kenny: Rex, give us a call, we'll follow up with you.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: Tom, in the past you've talked a little bit about market share and I was just wondering kind of what you saw in terms of market share this quarter. I know last quarter you said you thought you lost a little bit. How did that track this quarter?
Thomas J. Folliard: You know, one of the difficulties that we've talked about is how kind of sketchy the data is around market share. We actually only have data through April so we don't even have data yet through the quarter. The reason we had it at the end of the first quarter is because there is a big delay for our year-end announcement so therefore we had it through February. In this case we only have it through April. And it's so volatile, we're going to move towards talking about market share on an annual basis. I will tell you, however, that we have seen some positive signs in the data, with an indication that we grew some share in April. But I hesitate to put a lot of reliance on this because the period covered is just too short. And so there's just a lot of inherent volatility around short-term data. And going forward, we're going to talk about market share on an annual basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company: Tom, on execution, is that really just a function of volume to growth and how then move some of your managers in training to sales people and so on, or is there something more going on there with systems? Can you give us some idea on whether the conversions picked up some?
Thomas J. Folliard: I can tell you that it's a difficult thing for us to put one explanation for our conversion going up. We are obviously very pleased that we are getting some execution improvement.  We have some increased focus on new training programs that we have out there for our sales consultants and our sales managers and we feel like we're getting some early nice results from that. There's also some theory that in this economy we are really not seeing the just shoppers or tire kickers and that if customers show up at the store they are a little bit more serious about buying cars than maybe they were in the past and that could help some. We have been able to build our inventory, which we said at the end of the fourth quarter we had gotten a little behind. We have made quite a bit of progress there so I think that also helped conversion. We still have great availability of credit at CarMax and I think that message has gotten out there a little bit better. We have had some nice pickup from our advertising campaign that have really focused on the economy and the recession and why CarMax is a smart place to buy. So I don't really think it's one thing; I think it's a number of different things.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company: On the advertising spend, which you've curtailed, is that a timing issue or should we expect a curtailment all year? How is that affecting your impressions? I think you can get more bang for your buck these days, so I guess I'm asking how much less visible are you out there for the public as well?
Thomas J. Folliard: One thing we have been able to measure in the past is what's called share of voice, so despite the fact that we're down, our competitors are down as well. And we don't have the data for the first quarter. I hope we spend more money on advertising through the year. I hope that sales come back in a way that allows us to spend more money on advertising. If that doesn't happen, however, the savings that we saw in the first quarter are absolutely sustainable. And we are going to continue to measure that share of voice and make sure that we are being heard in a scale that's bigger than the competition. And from the fourth quarter we felt like that was true.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company: And on the warehouse renewal, are you going to have the same size warehouse or is that in flux as well?
Thomas J. Folliard: We're in the midst of still working on that and as soon as we have that answer we will let everybody know. I will tell you that we probably don't need as big a warehouse as we had before, with lower sales and no growth so we want to size the warehouse accordingly with our needs. You know, a bigger warehouse costs us more money so we will take that into account.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair & Company: Any chance you want to comment on June?
Thomas J. Folliard: No. But thank you for asking.
Operator: Your next question comes from Analyst for Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs.
Analyst for Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Just two quick questions. First, conceptually, what is the capacity to finance the sub bonds retained on the balance sheet longer term, if you had to do it? And also could you be using the proceeds from loans rolling off to do so? The other thing is could you give us more color around the increase in service revenues and why there was higher service-related customer traffic?
Keith Browning: The capacity, as we've indicated at the enhancement levels of our last public deal was something that is not sustainable for the long term. We could certainly continue to originate for the next year. It's one of the reasons why we have dialed back our originations and why we have made adjustments in our overall origination strategy and done some credit tightening.  So like I said earlier, we are optimistic that the market is moving favorably but we are holding back just to make sure that we can ride it out and that we can continue to keep CAF running.
Thomas J. Folliard: I'll comment on the service revenue. It's really largely consumer-driven. We haven't been running like an aggressive campaign to drive additional service revenue. The fact that our service revenue is up is I think is a combination of maybe some people keeping their cars a little bit longer and the fact that we have more capacity in our stores because of our lower sales volume. So, that makes a difference in getting people in for an appointment. If somebody calls for an appointment and you can't see them for five days or somebody calls in and you can see them right away, then that makes a difference in your revenues.
Operator: Your next question comes from Himanshu Patel – J.P. Morgan.
Himanshu Patel – J.P. Morgan: What is your outlook on wholesale volumes now that traffic on the used retail side seems to be at least stabilizing? And this spread between used retail volumes and new car sales, I know new is pretty small for you, but it's gotten pretty wide in the last couple of quarters. I'm just wondering if you have thoughts on what that sort of implies? Do you think there is a general trade down happening where consumers are leaving the used car market and moving towards used or would you actually say that this is perhaps indicative of kind of a broader recovery and what's happening in the used car market now is sort of eventually going to show up on the new car market as well?
Thomas J. Folliard: I didn't really get that question. Are you asking about the spread in pricing between our average retails and?
Himanshu Patel – J.P. Morgan: Just volumes. If you look this quarter, you know, your volumes on used retail were down 13%. I think industry new car sales in the comparable months were down about 42%. Last quarter your volumes on used retail were down 21%, the industry new volumes were down, again, about 38% during that period. So clearly used is outperforming new and it's outperforming by even a greater degree this quarter and I'm just wondering if you had some color on what that may indicate.
Thomas J. Folliard: I really couldn't say on that. It doesn't feel like outperformance to us when we continue to run negative comps. So I think the fact that used cars are performing less bad than new cars, I guess is a plus. But there's a lot more used cars sold. It's a lower price range. I think there are some indications that some people who maybe would have bought a new car are buying a used car but when new car run rates right now hit a half million, there's just not as many customers out there buying cars to begin with. So maybe there is a little bit of a shift but again, both used and new are negative.
Himanshu Patel – J.P. Morgan: On the first question, any thoughts on wholesale volumes and the outlook there?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's really difficult to project volumes. You saw our volumes in wholesale were down more than our volumes in retail and that's driven by not only do we have less improvement in conversion of our customer traffic, the traffic was still down a little bit more. So that kind of translates into our appraisal traffic. But we've also seen our appraisal traffic not really pick up like our retail traffic has. So I think that's another indication that consumers are keeping their cars longer.
Himanshu Patel – J.P. Morgan: When you step back and think about the timing of resuming store growth longer term, what are the things you are looking for? Do you firmly need to get into positive volume territory to be able to restart that?
Thomas J. Folliard: Right now we are focused on execution, we are focused on expense, we are focused on eliminating waste, we are focused on taking costs out of our reconditioning process. We are intensely focused on improving the customer experience to make some positive movement on our competitive advantages.  In terms of restarting growth, we really want to see a trend that we can believe in over a longer period of time. I couldn't give you an estimate of what that time is but we want to see sales pick up and we want to see them stay up and we want to be confident in that trend. And I think we want to see some more clarity around the credit markets as well. So, it's a number of different factors; we don't have like a set line in the sand that says when we cross this we're going to start growing stores again.
Himanshu Patel – J.P. Morgan: On the warehouse facility renegotiation, is it fair to say that the commitment size will be cut and you just don't know how much or is it possible that it could actually be retained at its current level?
Thomas J. Folliard: We're in the middle of negotiating that. We will let you know as soon as it's done.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: It sounds like on the prospects for the renewal of the warehouse is not a matter of if, it's really just a matter of how big it's going to be and how much you'll have to pay. Is that fair?
Keith Browning: Yes, we're highly confident we will get it renewed.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: Advertising spend, could you tell us by how much it was actually reduced and in what areas of media?
Thomas J. Folliard: We don't have that here and I don't think we've talked about that in that level of detail but I can tell you that it's kind of across the board in terms of the reduction. It's not like we picked one particular avenue and dropped it there. It's a pretty strategic methodology the way we approached it, in terms of where we would cut and how.  And we are continuing to run markets at a higher advertising rate, in some markets, to hopefully see some traffic changes there and if it works we'd go back and spend that money. I can tell you that we've spent zero dollars on newspaper. Last year we didn't have very spend on newspaper but the spend that we did have as only in our grand opening market, of which we didn't have any this quarter. So we spent nothing on newspapers and the cuts have been across where we spend most of our money, which is TV and search engine advertising.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: And can you tell us the dollar amounts of the reduction, year-over-year?
Thomas J. Folliard: Year-over-year we're down about 30% on advertising.
Bill Armstrong – CL King & Associates: You know, Pontiac is being eliminated at some point, it sounds like over the next year or so. What do you think the impact will be on your business as the elimination of a major brand. And maybe if you step back, I think Oldsmobile was eliminated a few years ago. What was your experience then?
Thomas J. Folliard: I don't know if you'd consider Pontiac a major brand. For us it's a tiny, tiny percentage of sales and I think it will be picked up by other stuff, so we won't notice. And just the fact that the brand is eliminated doesn't mean that there are still not used cars out there to be bought and sold. And we 're going to buy and sell whatever the consumer wants to buy. And I don't think the elimination of Pontiac could have any impact on us whatsoever.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co.: The $2,000 gross profit per used car, is that a sustainable number. That's the second straight quarter about $2,000.
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, remember I said some of it was because we had a kind of a bad quarter last year. It's actually sequentially down slightly from the fourth quarter. And we're always going to manage our margins and kind of in what we think is in the overall best interest of the shareholders. I can't tell you if that's really sustainable for the year because we would move it if we felt like it would drive sales. You know, we've been in a pretty challenging environment in terms of depreciation and then appreciation we've seen over the course of this year, and we felt like we had the opportunity to make some margin and not have to drive margin down to drive sales coming out of the fourth quarter.  So in terms of its sustainability, we'll manage it as we go, like we always do.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Can you talk about trends in origination fees? Do you anticipate any pressure on the prime or sub-prime origination fees that you earn?
Keith Browning: We're not getting any indications of that at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sam Yake – BGB Securities.
Sam Yake – BGB Securities: I have a question about the gross margin. This is the second quarter in a row that it's been real healthy and I wondered if there is any change in strategy or as you pull more cost out of the reconditioning process are you going to give that back to consumers or are you going to retain it?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, like I said, we're going to manage it as it goes and if you're keeping score at home, it's actually the third quarter in a row of good margins. But I just think it's a testament to our ability to manage our inventory and our superior car-buying process and analytical models and our ability to really gauge consumer demand and manage our inventory turns. It's the third consecutive quarter that we've improved our turns year-over-year. Obviously if you turn your inventory faster it gives you the opportunity to make a little bit more margin, so not only did we raise our inventory during the quarter, but again, we improved our turn. So I think in the most volatile market we've ever seen, over the last three quarters, each of those quarters we've improved our margins year-over-year and we've improved our turns year-over-year. So I think it's just a testament to the inventory management model and how aggressively focused we are on that.
Craig Kennison - Robert W. Baird & Co.: I guess what I'm looking at is that generally you have said in the past that if you pull costs out and get more efficient you have a bias to kind of give that back to the consumer. Are you still standing behind that type of statement?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, I am, as long as we believe that that will help us drive incremental sales. And we have felt over the last few quarters that our ability to maintain margin has not hurt our sales, and that we have been passing on great prices to our consumers as well. But another way to think of it is that some of the savings we got has allowed us to maintain some of that margin but I feel like the consumers have still benefitted because we turn our inventories so quickly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets : Another question on the gross profit, Tom. Did you benefit from improved vehicle pricing during the course of the quarter, let's call it the timing delta from when you buy something to when you sold it, or is it really more related to the reconditioning side?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's probably some of both. In an appreciating environment you can hold your prices a little bit better because after you sell something the acquisition, you know the replacement value is kind of going up. Now we saw it very steep in the fourth quarter and we really felt like it benefitted us there but we've seen kind of a steadier appreciation during the first quarter and that helped some. And the reconditioning savings helps as well.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets : And the reconditioning savings, is that labor-related or is there something else in there?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's a combination of things. So it's not just labor. It's labor, it's supplies. You know, some of it is that we were over-processing some of the repairs. I'm not exactly sure the percentage of it that was labor, but some is labor, some is supplies.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets : You have had headcount reductions within the reconditioning group. If sales start to improve, is it fair to assume you have to add labor back into that model or is just the process better and so we really shouldn't see that?
Thomas J. Folliard: Hopefully we have to add. Hopefully sales are going in a way that we have to add back. We'd be thrilled. And you know, we've got ourselves in a staffing position right now that we're pretty comfortable with, and now we're hiring in our stores to replace turnover. So when we are staffed appropriately, we are pretty much always hiring because we're hiring to replace turnover. So once we get back in that hiring mode, which we are kind of in now, we're pretty good at adding and then coming back down on staffing through attrition.  You know, you've seen our seasonality over the years as 10% to 15% up and down over the course of the year, and we've historically been able to move our staffing accordingly. So if sales comes back we feel very confident in our ability to move staffing with it.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets : Any kind of regional or geography comments you want to provide us in terms of color on the trends?
Thomas J. Folliard: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kwas - Wachovia Capital Markets.
Rich Kwas - Wachovia Capital Markets: On the "other" line, gross profit, gross margin was up meaningfully year-over-year. What's driving that?
Katharine Kenny: Wholesale you mean?
Thomas J. Folliard: Are you talking about wholesale?
Rich Kwas - Wachovia Capital Markets: No, I'm talking about other. You know, the "other" line item. I know it's pretty small but margins are going up there. Just curious what's going on. You know, the warranty line, etc.
Keith Browning: Part of it is that we did adjust pricing over last year and we're getting the benefit of a little bit better margin on some of our warranties. We have initiated a CAF product that started late in the quarter that is adding a little bit of value there. And then service revenues, as we talked about, are up and that's a stronger gross profit margin.
Rich Kwas - Wachovia Capital Markets: Tom, did you say you're not really spending any advertising on service, right? 
Thomas J. Folliard: That's correct.
Rich Kwas - Wachovia Capital Markets: So this is just coming through.
Thomas J. Folliard: We have a really big customer base, especially in our older stores. And we probably do more service on a per-store basis than people realize. And I do think that folks are tending to hold their car a little bit longer. And remember, more than half of what we sell, we sell an extended warranty on, which they can get those cars serviced at our store. So just with the extra capacity I think it is showing up in our revenues.
Rich Kwas - Wachovia Capital Markets: Keith, just moving back to the gain on sales, I know that it's still a bit fluid but as we think about it with the 0.7% this quarter, going forward what would really drive that significantly from where you were in the first quarter? I know the negotiation is fluid but I mean, as we think about, is there really a high probability that's going to deviate much?
Keith Browning: Quite honestly, we hope it does. We hope that we can get the enhancements down and that the market continues to improve by the time we actually lock in something. But as I indicated, the enhancements are as much of that as the increase in cost. And so, we'll tell you when we get it done but right now I don't know.
Rich Kwas - Wachovia Capital Markets: But given that it's a few weeks away, seemingly, a month away or so, it's assuming that not much is going to change. 
Keith Browning: My only response to that is the market on sub bonds moved dramatically over just a few weeks. So really timing can make a difference on this, but we'll see.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gentry Klein - Littlejohn & Co.
Gentry Klein - Littlejohn & Co.: Can you talk a little bit about the residual values of used Chrysler vehicles, given their bankruptcy?
Thomas J. Folliard: Sure. We were a little nervous about that, the bankruptcy both on Chrysler and General Motors and we had made some movements in our inventory during the end of the fourth quarter, beginning of the first quarter, in anticipation for perhaps where consumers decided that they wanted to buy Chryslers. But I can tell you that since it's happened, we have seen zero impact, on residual values or sales, for us. Chrysler was about 20% of our total sales and it's still about 20% of our total sales. And we've seen very little impact at all in the residual values.
Gentry Klein - Littlejohn & Co.: And it's also my understanding that some of the rental companies which you are buying the vehicles from, like Hertz and Avis, are running their vehicles for longer. Is this having any impact on the residual values of these vehicles given that they probably are a bit older than what you're used to selling?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yes, it probably would but that's a tiny percentage of our sales, so it's not as impactful as you might think.
Gentry Klein - Littlejohn & Co.: And given that they are running these cars for long and they may not be selling you as many cars right now, when they do go to the market in volume, which I'm guessing is at the end of the year, is this going to have any major impact on you at all?
Thomas J. Folliard: It's a very small percentage of our sales to begin with so no. And it doesn't matter when the turn in prime is, they always go to auction in volume. So it'd be nothing new for them to go to the auction in volume. The only difference would be they would have higher mileage, which would drive the price down, and if we were to buy them, it is more of a commodity than other product and we have historically made less margin on those cars. But again, it's a very small percentage of our sales.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue.
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you very much for joining us. And one more thanks to all of our CarMax associates who have allowed us to not only to survive in this environment but to outperform the competition as well.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-04-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Head of Investor Relations Tom Folliard - President and Chief Executive Officer Keith Browning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rex Henderson – Raymond James Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs Sharon Zackfia – William Blair Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets  Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners Bill Armstrong – CL King Rich Kwas – Wachovia Sam Yake – BGB Securities Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank JT [Ryke] – [Cross Cap] David [Nuss] – Sansar Capital  
Operator: Welcome everyone to the fourth quarter and fiscal year earnings call. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kenny. Ma’am, you may begin.
Katharine Kenny:  Thank you. Good morning. I am Katharine Kenny, head of Investor Relations at CarMax. We are completely fogged in this morning but I want to welcome all of you to our fiscal 2009 fourth quarter earnings conference call. As usual I have with me today Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.   In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations please see our Annual Report on Form 10K that we filed for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2008.  Tom? 
Tom Folliard: Thank you Katharine. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. In this morning’s fiscal 2009 fourth quarter press release we were pleased to report an increase in earnings per share to $0.17 compared with $0.10 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008.  We continue to be negatively impacted by weak consumer demand. As we noted in our release our conversion rate fell slightly during the quarter but the primary driver of our negative 26% used unit comp was again the low level of store traffic. During the quarter we continued to make progress on the plans that we discussed at the end of last quarter to suspend our store growth until market conditions improve and align our expense structure with our sales level in order to optimize our profitability.  Let me give you some specifics on how we have done this. First, year-over-year we have decreased used inventory by approximately 16,500 units or 28%. We reduced SG&A expense by $23 million or 10% in 2009 fourth quarter compared to last year. This is despite a 12% increase in our store base during the year. We achieved this by reducing variable selling expenses as well as decreasing overhead costs such as advertising, pre-opening and relocation expenses.  As of the end of the year our total employment fell by nearly 3,500 or 20% from its high point of over 16,000 in May of 2008. All this mainly through attrition. At the same time, in the fourth quarter we achieved an increase of $325 in gross profit per unit versus last year despite the decrease in sales.  Lastly, let me highlight over the course of the year we reduced our borrowings net of cash by approximately $120 million.  On to sales. In the fourth quarter total sales decreased to $1.5 billion compared with $2 billion in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. For the full fiscal year total sales decreased to approximately $7 billion from $8 billion in fiscal 2008.  We opened one store during the fourth quarter in our Washington D.C. market. During the fiscal year we opened a total of 11 stores and ended the year operating 100 used car super stores in 46 U.S. markets.  Used vehicle revenues declined 27% for the quarter due to the combination of a 7% decrease in average selling price and a 21% decrease in unit sales. Due to the unprecedented rate of depreciation in wholesale prices that occurred during the third quarter and into December we decided not to build our inventory at our usual seasonal rate. As a result, we carried lower than normal inventory for most of the fourth quarter and we do believe this strategy may have contributed modestly to the decline in comp sales.  Our data also indicates while we experienced a small market share loss in the fourth quarter we still achieved a market share gain for the full year. Over the last year the average CarMax store sold 335 used vehicles per month while the average of the six public new car dealers sold 46 used vehicles per month. We continue to believe that our superior consumer offer will allow us to gain share over the long-term.  In fiscal 2009 we sold approximately 345,000 used vehicles, an 8% decrease over 2008 when we sold 377,000. Fourth quarter wholesale revenues decreased by 39% including a decline in average selling price for wholesale vehicles of 17% combined with a decrease in wholesale units sold of approximately 27%. For the full year wholesale unit sales fell almost 13% to 194,000 compared to over 222,000 vehicles in fiscal 2008. Wholesale units decreased more than retail sales primarily due to the sharp fall in wholesale prices over the course of 2009 which continued to negatively impact both our appraisal traffic and our buy ratio.  For gross profit our sizeable increase in fourth quarter gross profit per unit was partially a reflection of the unusually low gross profit in the previous year’s fourth quarter as well as the temporary benefit of buying inventory at the beginning of a period of appreciating wholesale prices. Like in the third quarter and despite the reduction in sales we were able to modestly increase used vehicle inventory turns in the fourth quarter compared with the prior year. We believe turning our inventory quickly is the most important factor that allows us to pass on compelling prices to our consumers.  Our wholesale profit per unit increased $73 to $882 per unit compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Once again we believe this is a positive reflection of our unique inventory management system and the continued success of our auctions including a record dealer-to-car ratio both for the year and the fourth quarter. On the CAF, for the fourth quarter CAF reported earnings of $28 million compared with a loss of $1 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. The gain on sales of loans originated and sold this quarter fell to approximately $16 million compared with $21 million in last year’s fourth quarter. This decrease was due to lower sales, the lower average selling price per vehicle and the decrease in CAF’s origination penetration. The gain percentage, however, increased from 3.6% last year to 4.3% this quarter due primarily to a decrease in the benchmark rate. We made minor offsetting adjustments to our loss and prepayment assumptions. Each totaled less than $0.01 per share.  The cumulative loss expectation for our worst performing pool of loans edged up from 3.9% to 4.0%. In previous quarters the lack of financing opportunities in the asset backed securitization market and the uncertain future caused us to slow CAF’s loan originations in order to extend the utilization of our $1.4 billion warehouse facility. At the end of the fourth quarter we had over $1.2 billion outstanding in the warehouse facility.  As you may have seen this morning we announced a public securitization that will be eligible for TALF financing at the next subscription date which is Tuesday, April 7. When the deal closes, as always the details will be publicly available. We are pleased the government’s efforts appear to be improving liquidity in the asset backed market.  Our third party lenders remain willing to dedicate capacity to CarMax customers. However, we like many dealers have seen signs of tightening the full magnitude of which remains uncertain.  As for SG&A, as I noted earlier our SG&A expenses decreased from $220 million in the fourth quarter of last year to $197 million in this fourth quarter reflecting our successful efforts to reduce costs partially offset by the SG&A expenses related to the 11 new stores we opened this year. Our SG&A ratio increased to 13.4% of revenue from 10.8% in last year’s fourth quarter when both sales and our average selling price were significantly higher. Year-over-year SG&A expenses increased 3% from $858 million or 10.5% of sales to $882 million or 12.7% of sales.  Looking forward, while we remain as confident as ever in the CarMax model and our long-term growth opportunity we believe it is still too difficult to give meaningful guidance for the short-term. However, our sales trends did not improve from the fourth quarter levels and given the continued economic uncertainty we would anticipate a double digit decline in comp store unit sales in fiscal 2010 particularly in the first half where we have tougher comparisons.  Thank you once again for joining us today and thanks especially to all our CarMax associates for your understanding, your dedication and for all you do every day.  With that we will take questions. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Rex Henderson – Raymond James.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: First of all, the announcement on the securitization I did not see that. Could you give me a little bit of color on how big it will be and any thoughts about pricing on that at this point? 
Keith Browning:  It is too early for pricing. We went out with a deal of a size of $735 million of which we will be offering $630 which means we will be retaining the balance in sub-bonds. 
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: When you look at the deals that Nissan and Ford did what were the implications for you in terms of pricing and any thoughts or interpretation of those deals as apply to you? 
Keith Browning:  They were out in the first wave so quite honestly we don’t know whether that was an advantage or not. There was a very low subscription rate from investors. We think by this deal there is a substantial increase in both the availability of receivables being financed as well as investors. It is just really hard to tell and use those as benchmarks. It is anyone’s guess. We are optimistic. 
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: Finally I wanted to touch on gross profit per vehicle. I think Tom you said it benefited from the improvement in pricing through the quarter. Do you think it is sustainable at over $2,000 per vehicle? Do you expect that to revert to the mean over time? 
Tom Folliard:  I think that is probably a little bit high. What I really talked about is we had an unusually low gross profit during the fourth quarter so the $300 difference or $335 difference almost half of that was the difference between last year. The other dynamic was the record depreciation we saw in the third quarter that went into December if you look at all the external data. As the market turned in January and February it didn’t make a lot of sense to lower our prices when to go out and repurchase those vehicles with the appreciation we saw in January and February would have just been more expensive. So as we always do we managed our inventory the best we could with all the information we have and we have a very analytical mark down model we use. We made a conscious effort to adjust to the changing prices in wholesale. I believe that by turning our inventory so quickly in the third and fourth quarter where as I noted we improved our turns in both those quarters that we were able to continue to pass on compelling prices to the customers who bought cars. 
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: You bought some cars very cheaply at the end of the quarter and then were able to price them at retail at a little better pricing early in the fourth quarter. Is that it? 
Tom Folliard:  It was really we were able to hold the margin a little better. Normally we would make more aggressive mark downs but in light of the external information and the external purchases we were making it didn’t really make sense to get aggressive with mark downs when again to go out and repurchase the same car got more expensive in the fourth quarter. 
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: Finally, yesterday on the manufacturer call they said their sales of fleet vehicles had ticked up in the last month after being very, very low from the early part of the year. Part of the improvement in the used car pricing has been constraint on supply. Do you think more fleet vehicles coming into the used market is going to have an impact on pricing going forward? 
Tom Folliard:  Usually the fleet vehicle turn is at least a year. Even if there is an up tick you won’t see anything in the supply chain until at least 12 months from now. Just generally the way the fleet stuff turns. I don’t know how big the up tick was but we are talking about levels here that are unprecedentedly low and I don’t know that a few percentage points up is going to make much of a difference in the supply long term. Nor do I know what the mix of those fleet cars were and whether or not that fits with what we sell. As we have said in the past if you are referring to rental type stuff that is not a big percentage of our inventory anyway. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: My question is, first on the credit side. You booked a 4.3% gain on sale this past quarter. What kind of gain I guess this next fiscal year is implied by the guidance that you gave for up $50-85 million adjustment when you actually securitize those receivables in the warehouse? 
Keith Browning:  It is difficult to quantify that because what we have done is we have a warehouse renewal coming up as well. That is coming up in July. We don’t know what the cost of that structure is going to be and it is obviously going to be different than our current structure. Obviously we don’t know what is going to happen to benchmark rates. I really can’t answer that. All we really did was put a range on the overhang that is our best estimate for what is in the pool now and it is a fairly wide range as you saw. It is our best estimate based on it. I really can’t give you an answer on that directly. 
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Could you tell us what that range maps to from a gain on sale perspective? 
Keith Browning:  Meaning for the fourth quarter? 
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Presumably. 
Keith Browning:  Let’s put it this way. It obviously would have a significant impact on CAF’s overall profitability. I haven’t gone back and said gee if I applied what I believe the current market rates are to CAF in the ABS market to the originations obviously the gain would be substantially smaller. But I think given the range of what we have there on $1.2 billion you can get pretty close yourself. 
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: A follow-up question on CAF as well, can you tell us precisely what the percentage of sales was that were directed to loans sold through CAF? 
Keith Browning:  I don’t have that. I can tell you our origination volume is down 20-25%. Obviously that was all intentional as a result of routing and trying to conserve CAF capacity. 
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: On the gross margin question, essentially a follow-up from Rex’s question your gross margin rate on used cars was something like 100 basis points higher than any gross margin rate you have ever booked so clearly the arbitrage between the weak market conditions early in the quarter and the very strong auction pricing later was a huge help to you. If you look at the Manheim trend that you see right now, which it seems have continued, would that arbitrage remain intact enabling you to maintain the kind of margin rates that you saw or do you think the margins start to normalize closer to historical levels relatively soon? 
Tom Folliard: The market has been so volatile the last year and a half and things are changing so quickly it is really hard to speculate going forward what is going to happen. We have seen just in the last six months we saw a period of depreciation like one we have never seen before and in the last two months we have seen a period of appreciation like we haven’t seen before. If you go back to last spring you see an entire segment depreciate faster than we have ever seen in the spring. I’m just not going to speculate going forward about what is going to happen with the market. What I will tell you is we watch it every single day. We adjust our inventory and our pricing accordingly and we try to do the best job we can managing our inventory regardless of what happens externally. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Sharon Zackfia – William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: Once you get the securitization done is the idea to pick up that 20-25% of origination volume again? How quickly do you get share back? Will you? 
Keith Browning:  The answer is again we still have the uncertainty of the overall market. This gets us breathing room until July and then we have a warehouse renewal and we don’t know what that renewal is going to be. We don’t know what the capacity is going to be. At this point in time it would be premature to say we are going to go back and try to adjust our strategy right now. We will invest it as we get more visibility into the future and more visibility into what the market is going to do from a capital need and funding CAF perspective. 
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: For the warehouse facility at what point to you enter renegotiations for that? 
Keith Browning:  We will be starting very shortly. Obviously it is a unique environment and it used to be that Tom could start a couple of weeks in advance and a year ago, Tom Reedy is our Treasurer, and last year he started a couple of months in advance. He will probably be starting as soon as this deal closes. 
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: A question on the gross profit per car. I know there are a lot of moving parts there but Tom I think you are also buying more from auction right now than you have historically given the lower traffic in the stores. Can you maybe update us on where you are on the percent of cars that are bought at auction versus customers? That is obviously a negative on the gross profit per car. 
Tom Folliard:  It is a negative. Remember too that our total sales are down ¼. So although we are buying as a percentage more cars at auction we are buying significantly less cars at auction than we bought last year. So still everything has kind of moved down. In terms of percent of retail sales represented from the appraisal lane we had historically said it was above 50% and I think last quarter we noted it dropped below 50% and we saw that trend continue into the fourth quarter. The other point on the margin percentage that Matt asked earlier one thing to note is we have always told everybody we don’t manage our margins based on price. So part of the percentage increase is that our average retails went down significantly. 
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: I appreciate what you are saying about the depreciation and car prices, wholesale prices and a lag there and you saw firming in retail prices but I think you had the easy comparisons as you mentioned in the February quarter. Don’t you have an easy comparison as well in the May quarter on gross profit per car if I’m not mistaken? 
Tom Folliard:  I know we had a low starting point last year because of the end of the fourth quarter so relatively speaking yes. As you know we haven’t made any comment about this year’s first quarter or this year. 
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: Are you seeing anything from a traffic perspective at this point that would…I know it is hard to be optimistic in the car market right now but are you seeing anything that would make you feel somewhat better about consumer confidence going forward or is it pretty much still catch as [much as you can]?
Tom Folliard:  As you saw with our traffic number we didn’t see any substantive change in the fourth quarter. Down a little bit if anything. 
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: So it was pretty consistent throughout the quarter? 
Tom Folliard:  Are you going to try to get me to give cadence again? 
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: You are not going to answer, right? 
Tom Folliard:  Yes. It was negative 26. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets. 
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets : Can you talk about the magnitude of the difference between pricing in terms of what you are booking into the warehouse and what rates you are expecting the market there? Are you just not allowed to make inter-quarter adjustments on that? 
Keith Browning:  The structure is really that in the warehouse facility it is a true gain on sale. It is a presumed ending transaction. So until we actually take them out a refinance them in a new transaction we don’t have any discretion there. The one thing I will point out on the overhang number, the $50-85 million number, is that it is largely a timing issue that is related to the amount of sub-bonds we are anticipating we are going to have to hold. So basically 10-15% of that might be real economics. The balance is all timing. It is revenue we expect to get over the next several years but it is the accounting requirement we have to follow. 
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets : Any other adjustments in SG&A? Is what we are looking at a good run rate or were there other things, whether it was a reduction in advertising or reversal in accruals that might have impacted the SG&A in the quarter? 
Tom Folliard:  There are no other adjustments for the quarter if that is what you are asking for the fourth quarter. It is what you saw. 
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets : So, obviously adjusting for sales and some of the variable stuff that should be a good run rate going forward on the SG&A side? You are not really building stores, etc. 
Tom Folliard:  Yes but we didn’t really break out exactly how much was variable. We said it was primarily variable selling expenses and I absolutely believe that the piece of SG&A that is associated with that is totally controllable on our behalf and I feel like we did a pretty good job of managing it. We should be able to do that for the upcoming year just like we always do. 
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets : The last question is regarding the warehouse renewal it looks like there have been some pretty big changes in the market. Can you remind us of what your current terms are and as you assess the magnitude of adjustments others are experiencing, Americredit for example, can you just give us an idea of where you think things might go or it might end up? 
Keith Browning:  I really have no idea where they are going to go. I can tell you that we are currently seeing 205 over the two-year LIBOR and it is going to go up. I just can’t tell you how much. I think enhancements might go up. I can’t tell you how much. It would be speculative to really tell you any more. We are still three months away. A lot can happen between now and then. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: My first question is on the inventory you have right now. How are you feeling about your current inventory mix? Do you think it is value oriented enough? I guess there has been a mix shift away from small cars now recently. Can you just give us an update on your current inventory? 
Tom Folliard:  You mean current as of the fourth quarter right? 
Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: Exactly. 
Tom Folliard:  We saw some pretty big swings in the percentage of sport utilities, medium and large sport utilities throughout the year but when the year ended things were kind of back where they were before. I feel like throughout the year we managed our inventory accordingly. So either through margin or through mix we have moved our inventory along with consumer demand and at the end of the fourth quarter I felt like on a percentage basis we were pretty well aligned. We noted in the release we didn’t have as much total inventory as we would like to have had due to some strategic decision making we had in the third quarter about choosing not to build as much inventory as we normally do seasonally. In terms of the mix on our lots we feel very good about it. 
Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: We have been hearing reports that auction prices are sort of high and in some cases maybe even close to blue book or close to a limit where lenders would be less comfortable financing some cars. Are you worried at all about sourcing at the traditional wholesale auctions in terms of the pricing? 
Tom Folliard:  I also haven’t been to the auctions a bunch and seen this awhile so I think this is short-term. We have seen a big appreciation here in the first couple of months. My expectation is over the course of the year we will get back to a depreciation schedule and maybe even you will see somewhat of a correction because I think maybe there was a little bit of, just like we saw a little bit of a correction into the beginning of this calendar year from the huge depreciation we saw at the end of the fourth quarter. You might see a correction here in the spring and try to get to a little bit more of a normal curve. I don’t expect this to continue throughout the year. 
Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners:  I may have missed this but can you give your finance penetration and the sort of different buckets in terms of where the loans are going? 
Tom Folliard:  We didn’t give a total number. We did give that CAF was down about 20-25% in terms of its penetration. 
Keith Browning:  We can give you specifics later if you would like. You can call Katharine or Celeste. 
Tom Folliard:  Generally the 20-25% we didn’t originate was spread across the other lenders. 
Keith Browning:  All the other lenders. Absolutely. 
Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: If that is going, if you are routing those loans to a third party I presume you are getting some sort of a commission for that which would hit in your other line but I’m not necessarily seeing it in the numbers. I’m just wondering if there has been any change in the economics of routing loans to someone else. 
Keith Browning:  Part of that is the reason you are not seeing it is the same reason you are not seeing it in the third quarter. If you will recall Santander acquired Road Loans who was paying us a commission. Upon acquisition they started charging us a discount for that same segment of business. That is masking the incremental income we would be getting by routing more. 
Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: So the unit economics for routing a loan to one of your other prime lenders hasn’t changed? 
Keith Browning:  Then the other element is if you think just for the fourth quarter following up is that they always have the seasonal spike in the true sub-prime business as tax refunds come in so they actually do hit the spike in January and February that also masks that even more. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Bill Armstrong – CL King. 
Bill Armstrong – CL King: Just getting back to the wholesale pricing. You clearly had a bit of a windfall early in the quarter with lower prices. You started paying more in January and February. Were you able to increase your retail price and maintain that gross margin spread or are you seeing that narrowing? 
Tom Folliard:  You saw the result at the end of the quarter and that was through February. That is all we are going to discuss. That is how it came out for the quarter. 
Bill Armstrong – CL King: I also did not see any announcement on the securitization. I don’t know if it is in any of the news wires. I think you said $735 million total? 
Tom Folliard:  It is on Bloomberg and it is $735 million total, $630 million offer. 
Bill Armstrong – CL King: You have got $1.2 billion outstanding on your warehouse and your warehouse matures in July. Why not do a bigger deal or alternatively are you hoping to do a follow-on deal? 
Keith Browning:  The answer is it depends on what demand is. If there is sufficient demand might we upsize? Yes. We will wait and see what the current situation brings. 
Bill Armstrong – CL King: Can you discuss the risks of the warehouse not getting renewed or not being able to renew this on acceptable terms? 
Keith Browning:  The answer is we don’t know. I believe that there is a market and a price and obviously if it is unfavorable terms we will have to adjust our origination strategy through CAF. The great news is that in trying to curtail our monthly volume we have learned a lot of tools and developed a lot of methods to actually do that without sacrificing sales so we have already ramped up a learning curve and I think we can go further if necessary. 
Bill Armstrong – CL King: If you are unable to renew the warehouse facility what happens to the receivable balance whatever that may be at that point? 
Keith Browning:  It amortizes. We don’t have any obligation to repurchase. 
Tom Folliard:  It is a non-recourse facility. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Rich Kwas – Wachovia. 
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: Going back to the SG&A are there any big chunks of SG&A that are going to be coming out going forward? I know you did some initiatives later last year. Is there anything we should be thinking about that is going to be coming out that is going to affect that line? 
Tom Folliard:  As you know we didn’t give any guidance going forward. I would tell you each and every quarter we are evaluating where we stand as a company and what we think our sales might be and we are making the decisions we think are in the best long-term interest of the company and we will manage our SG&A accordingly. I don’t have anything to tell you about this year one way or the other. Other than what I said earlier which is I think there are a lot of variable expenses in the business. I think we did a pretty good job of managing those and I feel we will continue to do so going forward. But we are doing what we think is again in the best long-term interest of the company. 
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: In terms of new stores you are not going to be doing anything this year so there shouldn’t really be much coming out? 
Tom Folliard:  All the growth expenses we saved we will save this year once again. We have always talked about there being a lot of expenses around growth and starting half way through this year we began to curtail those and at the beginning of the third quarter we cut it completely. So the year-over-year benefit of that you will definitely see. 
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: You got a fair amount of that in the fourth quarter it sounds like? 
Tom Folliard:  We got a fair amount of what we would have spent in the fourth quarter but then you get the year-over-year impact as well. We spent a lot in the first half last year. 
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: The big picture, if any of these scrappage programs go through what are your thoughts on how that impacts your business? 
Tom Folliard:  There have been a lot of different programs that have been proposed and until something actually goes through it is really difficult to figure out what the impact will be on our business. My dole on it is I don’t understand why these incentives would only be out there for cars. Everybody keeps talking about how consumers have been spending more money than they can afford and when you put an incentive that is solely for new cars it forces the customer to spend possibly more money than they can afford. We are all for the incentives on higher mileage per gallon cars. We have over 10,000 cars at CarMax that get more than 24 mpg. We just think the incentives should be for the consumer to decide whatever they want to buy. If they want to buy a used car then they should be allowed to buy one. The average new car is still around $23,000. Our average retail is around $16,000. So there is a big spread in price between new and used and we are trying to do everything we can to see if these incentives can be included so they are really and truly in the consumer’s best interest. 
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: In terms of Chrysler inventory how much do you have of that in the scenario where there is a Chapter 7 where they liquidate? I assume you have been pretty careful on taking that type of inventory. Can you quantify that the inventory is right now? 
Tom Folliard:  I don’t think we have given the exact number but as of right now and like always we manage our inventory based on how quickly we sell it once it hits the lots. We turn our inventories very quickly. We are adjusting our inventory as consumer demand tells us to adjust it. If people are still buying Chrysler’s we will still buy them and sell them. If the values go down that will be quickly reflected in the wholesale world and we believe we will still be able to work through that. The other big piece of news that came out this week was the government guaranteeing the warrantees on both Chrysler and GM and I think that takes away a lot of the consumer fear about whether or not to buy the car. I’m not saying there still won’t be some devaluation but I think hopefully a big chunk of that was taken off the table. I feel very confident in our ability to manage our inventory very quickly with changes no matter what they are. Whether the scrappage thing has some dramatic change in sales or if there is a bankruptcy or a change with any of the big three we will be able to adjust quickly. I have never thought it was a good idea to anticipate what impact some change is going to have on us and try to in advance move our inventory for that because more often than not you will be wrong. 
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: CapEx you are going to cut that to 20 this year. Keith I know a lot of that is because of your lack of new store openings but going forward if you are not going to be opening many new stores or any new stores over the next two years is that $20 million a pretty good number to use going forward? 
Keith Browning:  Yes I think that is. We have a relatively young store base and we have a scheduled program that we actually go and do what is required to make sure our stores stay good. That is the capital portion of what we spend every year. We spend a similar amount in actual expenses of painting and repaving that doesn’t get capitalized. 
Tom Folliard:  I can tell you in this environment we have made no changes to that schedule. Our plan is to keep our stores as fresh as always, make sure the consumer is getting the best possible experience they can get at CarMax and we have not changed that schedule one bit. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Sam Yake – BGB Securities. 
Sam Yake – BGB Securities: I wanted to take a step back maybe and take a look at the longer term. You made a comment you are as confident as ever in CarMax’s model and ultimate growth potential. I am wondering, sometimes we all get a little bit too caught up in the short-term and the immediate future. Maybe you could give an overview of how you see the business maybe 5-10 years from now and if you think your growth potential is still fully intact? 
Tom Folliard:  We have changed our definition of long-term here at CarMax to be one month. If I was to try and look out five years I think whenever this recession bottoms out and things turn around and consumer demand comes back and people get back to spending money I think there will be significantly less dealers out there. Right now we are consumers’ first choice in every single market we operate in. I gave you some numbers earlier. Our average store, even after our big decline, still sells 335 used cars per month at the end of the year. You don’t see anybody else putting up those kinds of volume. I think the consumer has shown time after time that we are their first choice and I think that when it does turn we will be well poised to take advantage of it and I think we will gain even more share. We are only in 46 U.S. markets. We have significant amount of growth still in front of us. I fully expect to get back to growing as we did before. I don’t know if it will be exactly the same percentage. We have lots of markets that we would like to bring the CarMax consumer offer to and I fully expect to do that over the long haul. 
Sam Yake – BGB Securities: Obviously the signs you are looking for a turn in the economy to resume store growth. What specifically are you looking for that would tip you off that maybe now is the time to resume store growth? 
Tom Folliard:  When we see customers start coming back to the store in the numbers they did before. I mean for us it is pretty simple. There are a lot of factors that go into consumer confidence and a consumer’s ability to spend. When they start showing up at the door then we will know they are back to spend. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: I apologize if I missed this. I was briefly disconnected. The $50-85 million of CAF impact on the refinancing of the receivables in the warehouse looks like it is around 5% of the $1.2 billion warehouse. Does that mean that you are thinking that the weighted average cost on the refinancing would be close to L plus 700 instead of the L plus 205? Am I misinterpreting that comment? 
Keith Browning:  The answer is that is true. Part of that weighted average cost is anticipated carrying a larger portion of sub-bonds and the implied cost of those and as I mentioned earlier while that is an accounting charge we will have to take the majority of that is really timing because of the sub-bonds and we expect to get that income over time. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: Can you just help me then understand how do you think about the weighted average cost of borrowing then in that business at the moment given there is like 15% in deficiency because of these retained trenches? How do you factor in all those when you look at what your borrowing cost is versus what your pricing is? 
Keith Browning :  That is absolutely one of the challenges that we have right now. We have made a conscious decision that because we believe this is temporary and that CAF brings so much to our overall sales levels we are willing to accept a lower return. So we factor that into our view on CAF. If that doesn’t turn out to be temporary and the market becomes permanently changed we are going to have to work on a strategy that allows us to maximize CAF contributions but at a much lower level of sales and we are prepared to respond to that if the market makes us do that. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: At the moment is there based on what you are looking at a contribution margin on this when you factor in loan losses and all these other things and retail versus your costs? 
Keith Browning:  Absolutely. Again a large portion of that overhang is really the mark that we have to take up front hit on the bonds. We are going to get that income. So there is absolutely positive cash flow coming in and positive earnings it is just a matter of because we do gain on sale accounting and the factor that is very unusual for the last year and a half requiring us to hold the sub-bond at extraordinary rates that makes it optically look a lot worse than the true economics. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: I know you are not giving guidance on comps but obviously there are franchise dealers that are talking about somewhat better used volumes now. Can you just talk a little bit about how would your numbers or why would your numbers going forward look different from what the other public retailers and franchise dealers you are talking about when they just give color on how the used market is progressing? 
Tom Folliard:  We haven’t seen anybody report a positive comp. I mean we haven’t seen much of a difference there. I don’t know what people gave for estimates going forward but there is just way too much volatility out there in every aspect of our business for us to give any guidance we would be comfortable with right now whether it is on sales or earnings. I don’t know how other people looked forward but our view of looking forward is that it is way too uncertain for us to really give any guidance that would make sense. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: Very few companies have reported activity in the first calendar quarter but the auction houses have certainly been talking about improving volumes and there has been some indication that things are moderating there. 
Tom Folliard:  Well it is improving prices and improving volumes off of an unbelievably low starting point. The comps for the year-over-year are still terrible. Even at the auctions. Although prices are up on a per unit basis, auction volumes are down year-over-year. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: Year-over-year are you seeing any indication of sequential month-to-month improvement or no? 
Tom Folliard:  We talked about that as much as we are going to. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: One last thing, if you were to assume some volume recovery how should we be thinking going forward you said SG&A is a lot of variable expense there. How should we be thinking about how the SG&A comes back in on the incremental growth? 
Tom Folliard:  You mean if we had a pick up? 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: If there was a pick up. Exactly. 
Tom Folliard:  If we have a pick up in sales you won’t be asking about the pick up in SG&A because the profit will more than pay for it. 
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: I understand that but is there any color you can give us on of your SG&A what is the percentage that is variable within that cost so when we look at that decline right now what was the variable part of that decline as volumes change going forward how would SG&A be affected? 
Keith Browning:  We haven’t historically quantified that but what I would tell you is we have said we are a largely fixed cost company and so when sales go down the bad news is that the loss of leverage is painful and you have seen that impact on last year’s results. When sales go the opposite direction that leverage is very strong and we will see a benefit and SG&A as a percent of sales will go way down and go back to more normalized levels when we recover back to two year ago sales levels. 
Operator:  The next question comes from JT [Ryke] – [Cross Cap]. 
JT [Ryke] – [Cross Cap]: Will you have an opportunity to participate in a second TALF backed auction before you refinance or before you will have to renegotiate the warehouse line? 
Keith Browning:  We could if we chose to. 
JT [Ryke] – [Cross Cap]: So there is one being offered. What is the accuracy of CarMax.com like right now it says there is about 23,000 you all have in inventory. Is that accurate? 
Tom Folliard:  It is totally accurate on vehicles that are sellable and ready to sell. It doesn’t list any work in process. 
JT [Ryke] – [Cross Cap]: Finally, of the traffic that you do have coming in do you have any color on the credit quality of those customers? Are they about equal to the relative credit quality of people you had in the past? Are they less financeable or more financeable? 
Keith Browning:  The credit quality has deteriorated basically since the first quarter and has been down year-over-year every quarter since. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David [Nuss] – Sansar Capital. 
David [Nuss] – Sansar Capital : Do you have an opinion on some of the unemployment assurance programs out there? Is there potential for similar programs in the used market? I understand some insurers are offering for a $75 premium they will take the risk of repurchasing a vehicle within a year. It has been helping new car sales for companies like [Hyundai]. 
Keith Browning:  We are aware of those and we are currently evaluating them. It is challenging because you also have to look at the truth is that adds actually additional spread to the consumer and it is a delicate balance. It may be something we at least explore enough to launch a test on. It also could be a very temporary program and depending on the efforts when people believe the economy is turned it is a product we spent a lot of time on that doesn’t have a lot of value. We are well aware of it and we are certainly looking at it. 
Operator:  The next question is a follow-up from the line of Rich Kwas – Wachovia. 
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: Just a follow-up on the $50-85 million is there some assumption regarding the warehouse facility cost embedded in that? 
Keith Browning:  That is basically taking the entire year balance of $1.2 billion and saying that is what is going to have to be refinanced at our best estimate of a range of what market rates will be when they get refinanced. So our warehouse facility is going to be what is left over after the securitization for what was at year end and then obviously we haven’t given guidance for next year because as Tom said many times it is very volatile out there. 
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: But it would include what your estimate is for the public cost as well as what you expect the warehouse facility is going to come in at? 
Keith Browning:  It was all in the warehouse at the end of the year and it is really related to that balance as of the end of the year; $1.2 billion. 
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back to management. 
Tom Folliard:  I would just like to thank everybody for joining us. Most importantly I would like to thank our more than 13,000 CarMax associates. We did a good job managing our business in the fourth quarter but the dedication of our employees is what continues to separate us from the competition and I believe it will carry us forward from here. Thank you once again for joining us and we will talk to you next quarter. 
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2008-12-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Kenny you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Good morning. Welcome to our fiscal 2009 third quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations please see the company’s Annual Report on Form 10K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2008, filed with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me just say one thing for all of our traveling comrades in Richmond; Go Spiders. Tom?
Tom Folliard: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. As you can all see from our press release this morning we continue to face extremely challenging market place conditions. We operate in three industries; retail, auto and credit, all of which have been among the hardest hit by current economic conditions. Although we believe the issues are externally driven we plan to take effective action to preserve our profitability and capital. Our used unit comp reduction of 24% was entirely a result of the decrease in store traffic. In fact, traffic fell a little bit further than comp sales but we managed to offset some of the decline with improved execution. We once again reduced our used vehicle inventory this quarter by over 8,300 units or approximately $140 million. Year-over-year inventory is lower by approximately 18,500 units or over $340 million. Our used inventory turns for the quarter improved somewhat over last year and we modestly decreased our borrowings over the course of the year. We were also able to hold gross profit per vehicle nearly flat compared to last year despite the dramatic decrease in wholesale values. Our cosmetic operations, restructuring and waste reduction initiatives will continue to make us more cost effective over time. In addition, we continue to shrink variable labor expense through attrition, a decrease in scheduled work hours and through a reduction in our work force in early October. Finally, we made the decision that I will discuss shortly to temporarily suspend our store growth until conditions improve. We will also continue to aggressively seek further opportunities to lower costs throughout the company. Now let’s go over some of the key financial results. First, sales. In the third quarter total sales decreased to $1.46 billion compared to $1.89 billion in the third quarter of fiscal 2008. We opened just one store in Hickory, North Carolina, a non-production store in our Charlotte market. At the end of the third quarter we operated 99 stores in 46 U.S. markets. U.S. vehicle revenues declined 23% for the quarter due to a combination of a 7% decrease in average selling price and a 17% decrease in unit sales. The average selling price was lower as a result of the industry wide decline in used car valuations. Our average sale price for wholesale vehicles fell by 12% combined with a decrease of wholesale vehicles sold of approximately 15%, the result of lower appraisal traffic and a lower appraisal buy ring. Total wholesale revenues decreased by 25%. On the gross profit, our third quarter gross profit per used vehicle decreased by $32 compared with last year. We are very pleased to be able to maintain our gross profit in a period of rapid depreciation approximately triple the normal levels we see in this time while also reducing inventory levels and improving our used vehicle turns. Our wholesale profit per unit which increased $20 compared to the third quarter of last year is once again a positive reflection of our unique inventory management systems and the continued success of our auctions. While absolute dealer attendance and wholesale volumes were down our record dealer-to-car ratio and our industry leading wholesale industry turns are what we believe contributed to these results. On to CarMax auto finance, our CAF results also continue to be impacted by the very difficult financial market conditions. Earnings for the third quarter once again were again reduced by adjustments related to loans originated in prior periods. This quarter these adjustments totaled $39.8 million or $0.12 per share and I will ask Keith to review these results in a little more detail. Keith?
Keith Browning: Thanks Tom. Good morning. I apologize for my cold. Hopefully you can understand me. CAF reported a loss of $15.4 million in the third quarter of this fiscal year versus income of $16.3 million last year. The gain on sales of loans originated and sold in this quarter fell to approximately $11 million compared to $21 million in last year’s third quarter. The decrease was primarily due to lower sales, higher loss and discount rate assumptions and lower average selling price per vehicle and a planned decrease in CAF’s origination penetration. The CAF percentage also declined from 3.6% to 2.8% this quarter. Note that servicing fee and interest income increased by 23% this quarter compared to last year. This is partially due to higher outstanding securitized receivables, interest income received from subordinated bonds we hold on our books and a reflection of the increase in our discount rate assumption which results in less gain recognized in the quarter of origination and higher interest income in future quarters. Offsetting CAF's income for the quarter, as Tom highlighted, were charges related to mark to market adjustments and higher loss assumptions. The former carried approximately $24 million and represented a reduction in the carrying value of our subordinated bonds we hold. This non-cash charge is significantly higher than in previous quarters due to the illiquidity in the secondary market. We also took a $16 million charge due to the further increase in loss assumptions for some securitized loans partially offset by favorable adjustments related to prepayment fees. Our worst performing portfolio of loans now has accumulative loss expectation of 3.9%. We continue to believe that this increase in expected losses is largely due to the weak economic conditions that are clearly being experienced industry wide. Our data also confirms that our portfolio results continue to compare favorably to other loans of similar credit due to the transparency of our sales and financing processes. However, we continually track the performance of our portfolios and have tightened our lending standards as necessary. We have been disappointed but not surprised by lack of promise and activity in the asset backed securitization market. It remains unclear that this market will reopen and what form it will take at that time. Given the continued uncertainty we have taken steps to slow CAF’s loan originations in order to extend the utilization of our $1.4 billion warehouse facility. At the end of the third quarter we had $493 million in warehouse capacity. Our third-party lenders continue to tell us our loans perform better for them and that they remain willing to make more loans to our customers. As a result, we [can still] usage of our warehouse facility while continuing to make credit available to our customer and maximizing sales. Our third-party provider mix has shifted some, along with changes to some of our discount arrangements resulting in lower third-party income over the last several quarters. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Folliard: Thank you Keith. I’ll talk about SG&A. As expected due to our lower sales rate and lower average sales price per vehicle, our SG&A ratio in the third quarter increased significantly to 14.9% compared to 11.2% in the third quarter a year ago and 12.2% in the second quarter. We are focused on reducing our costs as rapidly as possible to bring them in line with our sales rate while not hurting the customer experience or our ability to improve execution. Recall on our last conference call we indicated we reduced our expected store growth from 15% annually to between 5-10 stores for fiscal 2010. The further deterioration in our sales rate this quarter along with the uncertainty in the market place has convinced us that it is time to suspend growth for the time being. This step will further allow us to reduce capital spending and reduce additional costs. Looking forward we currently have four stores under construction. We will finish work on those stores but only open one until we see improvement in the market conditions. It will be our 100th store and our eighth store in the Baltimore/Washington market which is historically our strongest penetrating market and requires no incremental advertising. Although suspending growth is a near-term disappointment for CarMax, it is the appropriate response to these current conditions. We still fully expect to go to all our previously planned markets; it will just take us a little bit longer to get there. Our most recent data for the 90-day period ending in October indicates we are gaining market share in late model, used vehicles. Our recent consumer surveys including those for shoppers, purchasers, appraisals and service indicate that customer satisfaction levels at CarMax are at record highs. We believe our long-term prospects remain as strong, and perhaps stronger, than ever before but our current challenge is to navigate successfully through the near-term which is where we will be focusing all of our efforts for the foreseeable future. Thanks once again for joining us today and especially thank you to all of our CarMax associates for your outstanding dedication and for all you do every day. We will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Brian Nagel – UBS.
Brian Nagel: With respect, you mentioned in your prepared remarks and your press release, that you routed more of your financing applications to your third-party providers. First, have your third-party partners changed lending standards more than CarMax Auto Finance and if they have has that resulted in more declined applications and hence weaker sales at your stores?
Keith Browning: The answer is that varies by lender but I can tell you that we carefully consider what they are currently underwriting and their approval rates and actually got feedback from them about their willingness to take on more loans before we made those decisions. So this is kind of an interim process we are working on and we are carefully measuring our sales to apps and trying to monitor the success of this strategy while maintaining and maximizing sales. Generally speaking everyone has tightened including CAF. That is understandable in the market. But, the good news is that for us the tightening is not as significant for our third-party lenders outside of CarMax.
Tom Folliard: The one thing I would add there is that in terms of the total result of the customer flow, I mentioned that our traffic was actually down a little more than our comp sales so even in this difficult environment our store teams have done a great job of executing the customer flow they have. So when you add it all together with applications, approvals, whether it is prime or non-prime we actually improved our execution in the quarter year-over-year a little bit.
Brian Nagel: You mentioned in the press release your third party financing declined 58%. Can you further explain what is causing the shift there?
Keith Browning: One of the key factors there is that one of our third-party lenders was acquired by [Roadlend] so we went from a fee-paid basis to where we are paying a rather substantial discount on a percentage of our loans. We had a choice not to do that but we believe those are generally incremental sales and so we are not willing to walk away from that business. It is a matter of what the market is driving from a risk perspective and risk profile.
Brian Nagel: With respect to gas prices, you talked a lot over the last few quarters when gas prices were rising what impact that was having on your business. Clearly gas prices have come down significantly. Sales are still weak. Are you seeing any other shifts in demand trends at your stores as the result of much lower gas prices?
Tom Folliard: I think as you said sales are still weak so I think if everybody thought that gas was the only reason for consumer demand sliding over the last several months obviously that has proven not to be true. I think there are a number of other factors that contribute to consumer confidence and a number of things are going to have to change, I think, before the consumer comes back and decides to start spending money again. In terms of the shift in demand, one of the obvious impacts is that people aren’t running away from sport utilities as much as they were before and I believe our mix for the third quarter this year of sport utilities was up over the second quarter and it was up over last year’s third quarter. We have seen that before. We saw it with Katrina. We saw it with this last May when we really saw a big depreciation related to the $4.00 gas price. I think the consumer just in regards to that particular item actually moves pretty quickly up and down as gas prices move up and down.
Operator: The next question comes from Rex Henderson – Raymond James.
Rex Henderson: I had a couple of questions on the residual value of the securitization. First of all, with this increase in loan loss assumption are you near writing any of the residuals for any particular securitization down to zero? Is the principle of any of the subordinated bonds at risk as those loan losses accelerate?
Keith Browning: The way we look at it is even in this stressed environment given loss assumptions we have taken we would have to see more than a doubling of losses before those would be at risk and so we still feel very comfortable with the fact that those investments are going to be returning as originally expected and mark to market is an accounting fact that we just have to do. It doesn’t change our perspective on the quality of that investment.
Rex Henderson: With the increase in the loan loss assumptions do you know where you stand relative to comparable quality paper in the market place right now?
Keith Browning: The best we can do, we do have an industry group we are a member of, and we do compare notes. When we look at ranges of cycle bands and our loss range shifts, everyone is decreasing, we continue to get feedback and based on the numbers everyone is sharing with us ours still aren’t being as stressed as much as they are outside of the CarMax channel. While that is certainly encouraging and that is one of the reasons why we think our third party lenders are sticking tight with us.
Rex Henderson: In the press release you noted you think you are getting some market share gains. That is a reversal. Last quarter you though you lost a little bit of share. Can you comment on what contributed to that change from losing little share to gaining a little share in this quarter?
Tom Folliard: Remember on the data it is not current with the quarter so the data we just reported was only through October so it is the 90-day period ending October. When we announced it the last time I said it was a very slight decline. We have been referencing that number consistently for several years. We referenced it when it was up. It was slightly down. I thought it was important to note that. I said at the time I thought it might be a temporary phenomenon based on all the different variables that were going on, none of which we could predict. It looks like that is what it was. I couldn’t really speculate further as to specifically why it shifted. I thought it was temporary. It looks like it was temporary. We are pleased that it looks like we are back to gaining share again but again that data is only about half of our markets and it is the 90 day period ending October.
Rex Henderson: Is that in same store markets or is that an overall share including new stores?
Tom Folliard: It is a consistent database we report on.
Rex Henderson: The gross profit per vehicle was really surprisingly good considering the compression in prices. Did you see any disruption of that in October when we had a very sharp drop in vehicle wholesale prices?
Tom Folliard: As you know, we comment on whole quarters, not months. I am very proud of our teams and the job we did not only in this quarter but really going back to the first quarter with the rapid depreciation we saw in sport utilities, the incredibly volatile market conditions that we have seen all the way back to May, the improvement we made sequentially in profit margin from first quarter to second quarter, our ability to maintain our profit margin here in the third quarter, improve our turns a little bit, reduce our inventory as well. I think it just shows that our time tested and continually evolving inventory management model runs pretty well even in a pretty distressed environment.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Armstrong – CL King.
Bill Armstrong: How long do you think you have until you are at the top of your warehouse capacity? I remember three months ago you were saying probably January or February. It looks like that might have been stretched out a little bit.
Keith Browning: The answer is we don’t know. As I mentioned earlier one of the things we are doing is we are still testing what makes the most sense for CarMax in trying to monitor the sales implications. You are correct in assuming we have extended it. Our goal is to extend it as long as we possibly can without adversely affecting sales but that is going to be a moving dynamic as we work with our lenders and monitor the results. It is really too early to say how long we will be able to extend it.
Bill Armstrong: In what way are you able to steer customer loans to your third-party lenders versus CAF? Are you raising the bar in terms of lending standards or interest rates with CAF? How would that work mechanically?
Keith Browning: It used to be that when you got an approval from CAF or Bank of America, because we don’t condition those offers, we don’t route to other lenders. So one of the mechanisms is just to go ahead and route all things to our third-party lenders to give them a chance to compete and bid. The other element is changing interest rates. Letting people win more often by pricing a little bit above the market and given the risk in this environment that is a prudent thing to do. So we think that is a good strategy and that is why we are monitoring the results still and making sure it works for us and our third-party lenders. It is a combination of those things that can slow the flow into the warehouse and we are going to continue to work with that over the next several months. The truth is we could stop the flow into the warehouse tomorrow and not originate any more loans at CAF but we believe there would be a pretty significant sales impact so we are trying to make sure we test it and as mentioned the big key there is to try to preserve sales.
Bill Armstrong: Are you seeing any sales impacts from your current process or do you think customers are…in other words do you think you have lost any sales right now as a result of that?
Tom Folliard: I think it is still too early to tell. We really just got going this quarter. We are running various tests in various markets so we are still evaluating that.
Bill Armstrong: Ameri Credit very recently, about three weeks ago, did a $500 million securitization for sub-prime auto loans which would make one think the market isn’t completely frozen but it sounds like you don’t think you can pass the market.
Tom Folliard: From what we have heard that was a prior commitment from the spring. That really was a deal that was preset from 8-9 months ago and not indicative of the current market place.
Bill Armstrong: Just stepping back a bit, there is more than a significant chance that GM and/or Chrysler will go into bankruptcy. What do you see if that happens? How do you see that impacting the automotive market and the used car market in your business in particular if at all?
Tom Folliard: That is a pretty tricky question and I’d say we have absolutely no idea what the impact would be. It really depends on what happens. It depends on what happens with the restructuring. I think it depends whether consumers feel comfortable in continuing to buy that product. Obviously our first piece of exposure is that we own a bunch of that product and if consumers ran away from it and there was a devaluation there that could hurt. Long-term if there is a bunch less dealers around and less choice I think we could become more of a first choice for consumers. Ultimately that could be good. There is also the warranty issue on product. Will customers feel comfortable that their warranties will still be backed both on existing product or buying any additional product. I think it is very difficult there so it is very difficult to predict what impact it would have on us. I think you could lay out a case that it could be positive and you could lay out a case it could be negative. We are kind of taking a wait and see approach. I don’t think it is in our best interest to start moving our inventories around in advance of that. We plan our inventory every single week like we have always done and I think we can move pretty quickly with consumer demand.
Operator: The next question comes from Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler: First of all as you talk about the shift of the loans to third parties can you give us a sense of the magnitude? Historically you talked about something like 40% of purchases going through CAF. Can you give us a sense of how much that has changed in the past quarter with this tilt in strategy?
Keith Browning: It has gone down a modest amount. We started it in the middle of the quarter. The key is it may not be reflective of what we ultimately do. That is really the key. We are still navigating this. It is very early and we are going to monitor the results and we are going to drive it down as low as we can without affecting sales to preserve the sales that CAF uniquely brings to CarMax.
Tom Folliard: Historically you said 40%. We have historically said it is between 35-40%. Net at the end of the quarter the total was slightly below that range but as Keith said that is a number we move.
Matthew Fassler: If you look at the economics of a third-party finance transaction today versus a CAF finance transaction today with the gains of sale that you are booking assuming those end up being the accurate assumptions over the life of the loan how do those economics compare?
Tom Folliard: It is getting more and more difficult to predict and look at how they compare because until we actually go out and get a securitization done you don’t know how low your costs are. Right now we are way more focused on preserving sales in any channel whether it is CAF or additional lender. The differences in profitability that we have talked about in the past have become almost impossible to predict.
Matthew Fassler: Just to game out a little bit what might transpire on the credit front if the ABS markets don’t loosen up for you would you anticipate taking more of these loans on balance sheet kind of as a last step prior to having a major strategic shift and temporarily exiting the origination business?
Tom Folliard: We are going to look at every possible option to keep as I mentioned to preserve sales and keep the business going. That is one. That is not a great long-term strategy for us. We did it and we did some temporarily. Essentially that is what we have done with the bonds over this year that didn’t get done through the deals but that is not really a good long-term strategy for us. Again, we are looking at every possible option and the world is changing so quickly we are just looking at those options every week, every day. We think some things will change after the first of the year but we are going to do whatever we can to preserve sales.
Matthew Fassler: You talked about the mark downs you took to the existing book of loans you have on balance sheet and it was pretty big this quarter but you indicated if current conditions persist you could see gains resulting from that. Where is pricing in the market today versus where it was on average during your November quarter?
Keith Browning: If you reference sub-bonds the pricing is in the neighborhood about $2,000 above benchmarks. The fact is if it doesn’t change then you are just going to get the higher accretive income over time and obviously if in fact it gets better then you will have a favorable. We would have never predicted this level of dislocation.
Matthew Fassler: Finally on SG&A can you talk about how far you have gone on a per store basis in terms of cuts? Are we very close to kind of a fixed cost where you can’t reduce costs by that much and what is your ability on a per store basis if sales remain challenging going forward to take that down further?
Tom Folliard: If you look at over the course of this year we have take a number of steps most of which we have already noted or talked about. If you include all the variable expenses that go down as sales go down and as we have moved them down with sales in addition to other cost cuts we have made by the end of this year we will have taken approximately $75 million out of what our planned spend was at the beginning of the year. That combination of variable expenses going down with sales, additional cost cuts we have made whether it is slightly less advertising or some other additional cost cutting, but by the end of this year that number will be around $75 million we have taken out from what we had planned to spend at the beginning of the year. That isn’t what we’ll do going forward, that is just what we have done so far.
Operator: The next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli: Given the extreme price sensitivity of most customers today do you think you could have an impact on sales if you were willing to become more price competitive or willing to sacrifice gross profit? I know you always say you are doing what you think is best for the business, but obviously we are in kind of unprecedented times. Do you think you can move the sales lever it you were to give up a little margin here?
Tom Folliard: That is the multi million-dollar question. It is a question for us every quarter. It is a question for us in good times and it is a question in times like this. We think the decisions we have made over the last six or eight months and the results we have had in the third quarter are not decisions we made just in the third quarter. It is a result of managing our inventory for the entire year. We believe right now this is what is best overall for the long-term best interest of our shareholders and for our customers to manage the business the way we have been managing it. If the question is if we gave up a hundred or a couple of hundred dollars in margin would it have driven sales, maybe. I’m sure it wouldn’t have gone from negative 24 to 100% to budget. So there is just no way of telling what kind of sales you would have got back. I think right now we are doing what we think is in our best interest.
Scot Ciccarelli: Obviously the broader economic conditions are having a massive impact on the auto industry and retail in general. How much of an impact do you think the massive used vehicle deflation is having in terms of the business? It seems to me there are so many people who are under water, have negative equity out there, it is not really economical for a lot of them to make a transaction here. Any kind of feel or color on that front?
Tom Folliard: I think that is reflected in consumer traffic. I think that is reflected in sales in total for the new car industry, the used car industry all being down significantly. I think there are a lot of people who are just waiting in the wings. They may not even know for sure they have a bunch of negative equity. They just think they do and they have decided not to come out and spend. If you look at our applications and the amount of negative equity in our loan to value once again we don’t see it in there. Even in this last quarter we don’t see it in there. I think it is absolutely having an impact on our sales. I think our negative 20% plus comp performance is largely related to consumer thoughts about what a car is worth. So when this rapidly depreciating environment is more driven by a lack of demand than the other way around.
Scot Ciccarelli: If somebody comes in and they are $2,000 to $4,000 under water given all the tightening credit standards can somebody roll over the negative equity into a new loan? I know that was a pretty common practice even 6-12 months ago and obviously even before that but is that something that can happen today given what the lenders are doing?
Tom Folliard: Sure. It is still very common practice. It depends on that person’s individual credit, the car they are buying and the bank. So although there is tightening, one example of tightening is I used to roll in $2,000 negative equity and I charged an 8% APR and now if I’m going to roll $2,000 over I might raise the APR rate to do it. It is all dependent on the individual, the individual’s credit, the car they are buying, and the bank, whichever bank is making them the offer. If you are asking if people are able to finance negative equity in this environment, absolutely.
Operator: The next question comes from Sharon Zackfia – William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia: I am not sure if you went through this already but as you slow growth I am sure you have given thought to whether or not there are reductions in headcount that can go along with that. Just generally what kind of savings will that get us next year not just in terms of the P&L but also in terms of your capEx outlook for 2010?
Tom Folliard: We haven’t given our capEx outlook for 2010 yet. We will do that at the end of the next quarter. Obviously we think we can take a significant amount of our cap expend by what we just did which is to stop growth. So, we don’t have a number for you yet. We’ll have it for you at the end of next quarter. Our original planned spend for this year was around $375 million. We have taken that down obviously dramatically. We will give you the outlook for next year at the end of the quarter but capital preservation is one of our goals right now. It is one of the reasons why we suspended our growth kind of early and we will give you our capEx number at the end of the quarter.
Sharon Zackfia: How about in terms of the P&L impact? Obviously as you open new stores there are start up expenses and a ramp there. If you had a steady state sales environment which I know is a long shot at this point but what kind of margin buffer would that give you in a normal environment in 2010?
Tom Folliard: That is a little bit of a complicated question because in a normal environment if we were opening stores some of the stores we open contribute in their first year positively. Some of the stores are a much longer-term investment because it is a multi store market and we have to get fully started in that market before we become profitable. We look at our investments over a 3-year time period so we are just not ready to answer that question very specifically right now about what that changes from a P&L perspective next year. Obviously we think it is a positive or we wouldn’t have done it.
Sharon Zackfia: And in terms of headcount reductions at corporate? I know you have a hiring freeze but is that a thought process at this point or is it something you are not really considering yet?
Tom Folliard: For us, a reduction in force is always and always will be an absolute last resort. I talked about taking a number of other additional steps to reduce costs. It is pretty much preserving capital and managing through this short-term environment is pretty much all we work on as a management team. We are trying to find every possible opportunity to either drive sales, eliminate unnecessary costs and waste but a layoff for us is always the last resort.
Sharon Zackfia: I don’t think anyone asked, what was the sales cadence like in the quarter? Was it pretty consistently as bad as it looks or did you see any shifts one way or the other?
Tom Folliard: I know I made the mistake of giving out some cadence in the second quarter. I am out of the cadence business.
Sharon Zackfia: Are you testing, maybe you mentioned this, but as you slow down the CAF originations are you testing other prime lenders? Where are those loans going?
Keith Browning: At this point we haven’t changed any lenders. We currently have one of our other lenders testing the other categories. Our sub-prime lender is testing in the non-prime space but beyond that there is no additional testing. We are always looking for other lenders but we are very particular about the arrangements we set forth.
Tom Folliard: I think more importantly all of the lenders we have are still with us.
Sharon Zackfia: Do you have any idea what the credit situation has done to your sales other than it is bad? Do you have any kind of consumer surveys or anything that would indicate what magnitude credit availability is having on your business?
Tom Folliard: It is very difficult for us to survey customers who aren’t coming to the store.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Nemer: It looks like you played margins versus units this quarter and I’m just wondering what are you looking for that would make you shift back to your previous strategy which was to really drive units? Is it traffic is so low that it doesn’t really make sense to lower price?
Tom Folliard: Yes, I kind of talked about that a little bit earlier. Right now consumers are not coming outside. They are not spending money. I don’t think $200 is going to make them spend money. I don’t think it is going to make them change what their plans are right now. I don’t think they are going to decide hey I wasn’t going to buy a car and now I am going to buy a car. I think there are too many other factors involved there. It is always a guessing game for us. It is always a balancing act. Right now it is not just the lack of consumer demand but the depreciation we have seen in the third quarter we are trying to manage our inventory and turn our inventory as quickly as we can and I think we are going to remain focused on trying to balance those pieces and try to do what we think is best. This is where we have ended up for the quarter.
Matt Nemer: Just to follow-up on a question Rex asked earlier on gross margin per unit which was really impressive, I realize you don’t want to give that by month, but is there anything in the full month number that might be deceiving? Did it trail off towards the end of the quarter? I just want to make sure we are not modeling that going forward and maybe set the bar too high.
Tom Folliard: As I said earlier, I don’t even really think it is just the quarter it is really the whole year for us. Managing inventory for us is not…although we do it weekly we have some planning to do throughout the year to get there and we have made strategic decisions going all the way back to May about inventory levels, about purchasing, about appraisal offers and managing margin that have allowed us to manage our inventory where it is. I can’t help you model going forward because the big unknown is what is going to happen with the consumer. I’m hoping this is the bottom and that things turn around but we have no way of telling that. If things started to pick up again and we saw the consumer come back and saw traffic come back and sales come back we actually might see us go a little in the other direction to spur additional demand. But until we see what happens with the consumer it is very difficult to tell you how we would respond.
Matt Nemer: Can you give any detail on the buy rate and how that changed in the quarter and where you are sourcing the mix of your inventory and where it is coming from?
Tom Folliard: I won’t talk about how it went through the quarter but by the end of the quarter we are down below 25% and as we talked about our buy rate for over a year now we had seen some growth in that over several years and we have seen that number decline now. I just think that is a reflection of all the market conditions we already discussed.
Matt Nemer: What about the appraisal traffic? Is there any way to quantify the change there?
Tom Folliard: The appraisal traffic is largely driven by consumer traffic and as we said consumer traffic is down more than 24%. Appraisal traffic is also down more than 24% when you factor in the buy rate in there as well then the mix of sales that are sourced through the appraisal is less than we would like it to be and less than it has been in the past.
Matt Nemer: This is more of a longer-term question but obviously even in spite of the bail out that was announced this morning I suspect there will be a lot of empty dealerships around the U.S. and I’m wondering if it makes sense when you re-ignite growth to start looking at second used real estate more aggressively?
Tom Folliard: We’ll start thinking about that when we decide to re-ignite growth. We just made the decision to stop growth. Do I think there might be some opportunities out there at some point? Probably. Honestly we are not focused on that right now at all.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Kwas – Wachovia.
Rich Kwas: I wanted to ask in terms of SG&A here where are you in current sales rates on the SG&A front? Are you comfortable with your level right now or do you expect, I know you gave the $75 million number and it sounds like you are going to be cutting more, but how comfortable are you with where you are given where we are on the sales front?
Tom Folliard: We still think we have some additional opportunities. The difficult thing with some of the spend in SG&A is what do you think is going to happen with sales. If you thought sales were going to come back then you might not be as aggressive. If you thought they were going to get worse you’d be even more aggressive. We are running several different scenarios and several different models and trying to figure out what the right balance is for us. I think there is definitely some additional room for us.
Rich Kwas: So there is additional room, so that means you have more to go? Current sales rates you are still not caught up?
Tom Folliard: I think there is some more opportunity there. Yes.
Rich Kwas: I thought your comment regarding LTV was interesting. We are hearing from other dealers that traffic is okay but people are coming in and whether it is negative vehicle equity or lower LTV they are walking out the door without closing a sale. I know your conversion rates were pretty good this quarter given the environment but are you seeing any signs of that with lower LTV’s from third-party lenders or any impact from that on sales?
Tom Folliard: No we are not. I find that hard to believe that anybody’s traffic is okay. When you see industry wide sales are down 30-40% I just can’t believe the same amount of customers are coming through the door. It is certainly not true for us.
Rich Kwas: It is all relative right now. We all have low expectations so it is okay relative to low expectations. Inventory, somebody asked about the Detroit three but one of the things is where are you with Detroit three-branded inventory at the end of the quarter?
Tom Folliard: We are where we think we should be with the current demand of that set of inventory just like we feel we have tried to do with our inventory all along. So we are looking every single week at our sales, demand, test drives of that product. We are building our buy plans every single week off of the most recent demand data we can possibly use to buy that inventory. We feel pretty good about our inventory position. We feel pretty good about the way we managed it throughout the quarter. Until something happens, as we have talked about, it is very difficult to say do you think you are where you need to be. We try to reset the table every single week. So as of Monday we felt pretty good.
Rich Kwas: What is your truck mix at the end of the quarter?
Tom Folliard: I don’t know if you mean truck or sport utility and truck? We usually report SUV and trucks combined. That number is usually a little bit higher than 30% when you add it all together; trucks, big sport utilities and small sport utilities. I talked about that mix being a little higher than it was in the second quarter and actually a higher mix of sales than it was even in the third quarter last year.
Rich Kwas: So one would assume it is above 30%.
Tom Folliard: You would assume we are managing our inventory accordingly.
Rich Kwas: So it seems like fuel prices are having some benefit here in terms of the end…
Tom Folliard: I don’t think it is just fuel prices. It is fuel prices and the actual cost of buying something. I mean the depreciation we have seen in that product since May is astronomical. I mean thousands and thousands of dollars less to buy a bigger sport utility. You can go to a store now and buy a Tahoe for the same price as a Corolla. I think even if gas prices weren’t as low as they were we might not have seen the shift we did. Gas prices weren’t as low in the second quarter and we told you our mix was about the same for sport utilities. That was as much driven by price as it was by gas price and I think right now it is a combination of the two.
Rich Kwas: Ad spending, I know that is in SG&A but how much of a decline is there available to you given the current environment? I imagine you are not spending like you did maybe six months ago.
Tom Folliard: No we are not. We are trying to match it up with sales. But at the same time it is one of those areas where in the declining environment does it make sense to try and keep investing in the brand and the truth is during the quarter we tested some up spend in a few markets to see what the results were there and it is a little too early to read those. Everybody is spending less money on advertising. So if you look on a relatively speaking I think we are probably still the biggest advertiser out there in most of the markets we operate in because so many car dealers are pulling out of advertising. You see it in even some sports sponsorships and just regular ad spend is down for all dealers. Even if ours is down we still think relatively speaking we will be one of the bigger advertisers in most of the markets we operate in.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Gardener – No Company Listed.
Matt Gardener: You probably saw earlier this week or later this week Deer managed to get a financing done using basically their tractors and others through some government agency. Have you been exploring the different opportunities to work with the government to get financing?
Tom Folliard: We are looking at everything. That is a totally different asset than what we deal in. I think the more relevant deals were Nissan and Honda which surprisingly nobody has asked about. The pricing on those deals was not great. The amount that they both had to keep was not a sustainable percentage for us as well. I didn’t hear about that other deal.
Matt Gardener: It seems like there is all this government money sitting around in the different agencies and they don’t know what to do with it.
Tom Folliard: It does seem that way.
Matt Gardener: It sounds like they made an agreement with them while we were on this call. $14.3 billion from the TARP. Another $3 billion coming if they approve this after TARP or something like that. So that just means another $14.3 billion deficit. Going back on the market share, just trying and I understand you want to preserve capital and it is great to have the gross margins and you have done a super job by the way of managing gross margin and other people have expressed how strong it has been, but as we watch other retailers and I go all the way back to Home Depot in 1991 they used the weakness to really gain share. Now they had a really strong balance sheet at the time. So what I’m trying to understand is there a concern on the balance sheet side? Not so much you can’t finance the warehouse facility but even deeper that leads you to decide to completely freeze expansion opportunities? On a relative basis you look stronger than some of the competitors. Also to continue to go for gross margin rather than market share?
Tom Folliard: I do want to point out we gained share and we gained share at a pace that we have gained share in the past. Our most recent share data says we did both. We were able to preserve margin and gain share. So that is one of the factors. When we talked about this at the end of the second quarter and we were paying very close attention to whatever share data we have if we saw continuing decline then perhaps we would have made a different decision on margins. But share is back up and it is back up to a gain position we are comfortable with and so it is always a balancing act there. We feel like we did gain share.
Matt Gardener: But you could be gaining so much more. The other part of the question is this the right time to completely freeze the expansion?
Tom Folliard: We believe it is the right time. That is why we did it. In terms of gaining additional share I personally am very skeptical that the amount of dollars required to change consumer mindset are just not there. They are not available. I don’t believe we could substantially change demand and change our traffic by giving up a bit of margin. Car dealers have historically done pricing and if you look at how we have done pricing we are of the opinion that it is an every day low price and that customers will come in based on our price, non-negotiated, full information, ability to compare to everybody else. In this last quarter it looks like, as we said, we both gained share and preserved margin. If you look at some of the discounts that are out there on new cars in the market people are announcing $5,000 or $9,000 off a product. That is just not how we play the game. For us moving down a couple hundred bucks I just don’t think is going to change the consumer mindset right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank.
Analyst for Rod Lache: Did you have any capEx guidance for the fourth quarter?
Tom Folliard: We did not.
Analyst for Rod Lache: I noticed there was some mention of covenants in the release. Can you talk a little bit about why you put it in there? Are you approaching something?
Tom Folliard: Everybody is asking about covenants. You see it in almost all the other car dealer questions. We figured it would come up. We want to make sure people understood we were still in compliance. We are acutely aware of what our debt covenants are and we are doing everything we can to make sure we remain in compliance.
Analyst for Rod Lache: Can you tell us what the ratio was at the end of the quarter and what the test is?
Tom Folliard: The test, I think, you can find from public documents and it is 1.25 fixed coverage ratio. We were comfortably above that at the end of the quarter.
Analyst for Rod Lache: On sale lease backs can you talk a little bit about did the particular deal in Austin was it an attractive rate or are you going to pursue more deals such as that? Can you give us any guidance on what lease rate we should be using?
Tom Folliard: We think it was an attractive rate in the current environment. I don’t know how we could possibly give anybody guidance on what lease rate to use going forward. It is kind of a deal by deal basis. We were comfortable with that deal. We thought it was a good deal. That is why we did it. But they are case by case going forward.
Analyst for Rod Lache: Can you give us the rate on that particular deal?
Keith Browning: Understand it was in line with what we did in the 2006 time frame. It was relatively attractive.
Analyst for Rod Lache: It looked like the gain on CAF originations was up quarter-over-quarter. Was that due to higher customer rates or lower conduit costs because of libor?
Keith Browning: Really a combination of both. Benchmark rates fell dramatically through the quarter and we did make some APR adjustments as we mentioned earlier. Part of that was aligned in trying to let our lenders lend a little bit more. Part of it was just strategy based on risk.
Operator: The next question comes from Cid Wilson – Kevin Dann & Partners.
Cid Wilson: We have seen a sequential increase in your service department sales. You had a 6.3% increase and I think last quarter it was somewhere around 5%. Can you give us some color as to what happened? Are you seeing more consumers coming in to have their vehicles serviced and is that an opportunity to keep customers coming to the stores?
Tom Folliard: That is largely a capacity issue for us. With the decrease in sales we have seen over the last couple of quarters we have a bunch of additional capacity in our shop. So, I think store teams are doing a good job of servicing the customer and although I think there is obviously opportunity there for additional revenue. It is certainly not going to offset the big sales drop we have seen but we are pleased to see it going up some but it is largely a result of additional excess capacity in the stores.
Cid Wilson: Any info by region? Were the toughest regions the traditional California, Florida?
Tom Folliard: We have never really talked about regional differences. Thank you everyone. Thanks for joining us. Once again thanks to all of our CarMax associates. Thank you for your hard work and dedication. We’ll talk to you next call.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-09-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Head of Investor Relations Tom Folliard - President and Chief Executive Officer Keith Browning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Rex Henderson – Raymond James Sharon Zackfia – William Blair Rich Kwas – Wachovia Brian Nagel – UBS Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs Hardy Bowen - Arnhold Bleichroeder Bill Armstrong – CL King Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank Cid Wilson – Kevin Dann & Partners Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial Victor Consoli – Perella Weinberg
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Kenny you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: I’m Katharine Kenny, Head of Investor Relations at CarMax. On the call today are Tom Folliard our President and Chief Executive Officer and Keith Browning our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events. They involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing protections and other forward looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2008, filed with the SEC and our subsequent filings. I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Folliard: As you may have seen like many US retailers and financial institutions we had a very challenging summer as we discussed in our release on August 6. Our comps sales declined dramatically starting with Memorial Day weekend and remained weak throughout our second quarter. The 17% decline in used unit comp sales reflected a similar decline in traffic at our stores while conversion actually held up pretty well compared to last year’s second quarter. We remain confident that our reduced earnings primarily reflected the impact of the volatile financial marketplace and the weak environment for consumer spending. We are currently taking measures to preserve our profitability and our capital as well as our long term growth plans. We have made significant progress in reducing our inventory and variable expenses to bring them in line with our lower sales levels. During the second quarter we lowered our inventory by more than 13,300 units in excess of $200 million. The speed at which we did this is a testament to the strength of our model and our inventory management system. We were also successful in shrinking costs including the reduction of labor hours although given the magnitude of our fixed costs and the sales decline we still reported SG&A de-leverage for the quarter. We expect to continue to find opportunities to lower costs in the future. Despite the sharp decline in used unit comps we made progress towards recapturing per vehicle used unit gross profit due to reduced acquisition costs we were able to keep consumer prices low but still increase gross profit by $128 per unit sequentially over the first quarter of this fiscal year. By getting our inventory in line so quickly we minimized the need for mark downs. Now let me review some of our other key financial results, first in sales. In the second quarter total sales decreased 13% to $1.84 billion compared with $2.12 billion in the second quarter of fiscal ’08. We opened three stores during the second quarter, a non-production store in the L.A. market and two production stores in new markets for CarMax, Colorado Springs and Tulsa, Oklahoma. At the end of the second quarter we operated 98 stores in 46 US markets.  Used vehicle revenues declined 12% for the quarter due to the combination of a 6% decrease in average selling price and a 7% decrease in unit sales. The average selling price was lower as a result of the decrease in industry used car prices which contributed to our reduced acquisition costs. Wholesale revenues decreased as well as unit sales fell by almost 9% and average selling price fell by 8%. Wholesale units again declined as a result of less appraisal traffic and a lower appraisal buy rate. On to gross profit, the decrease in our second quarter total gross profit of $116 per unit compared with last year was due to several factors. They included the sizeable sales decrease in the quarter and our inability to achieve the normal seasonal gross profit improvement earlier in the year. In addition, as in the first quarter the reduction in appraisal traffic and the appraisal buy rate led to the sourcing of more used vehicles at auction which negatively impacted our average gross profit per unit. Despite the lower appraisal buy rate and the resulting decreasing wholesale volume we did report that our wholesale profit per unit increased by more than $100 to $897 in the second quarter of this fiscal year compared to last year. At the same time although I mentioned our buy rate was down, we did see it gradually improve during the quarter. Our auctions continue to draw more attendance on a per vehicle basis and also on an absolute level and we believe our wholesale inventory is even more attractive to dealers in this difficult environment, where more credit challenged customers may be looking for older higher mileage vehicles. On to CarMax Auto Finance, our results at CAF also continue to reflect the volatility we’ve seen in the financial markets. Earnings for the second quarter were reduced by $0.08 per share, largely due to unfavorable adjustments of $28 million at CAF. I’ll ask Keith to review the details.
Keith Browning: CAF reported a loss of $7 million in the second quarter this year versus income of $33.4 million last year. The gain recorded for loans originated and sold this quarter was down more than 60% compared to last year. This was due to a variety of factors including lower sales, higher funding costs, higher loss and discount rate assumptions, a slight decrease in CAFs penetration, and a lower average selling price per retail vehicle. Recall that during the increase in our discount rate assumption, now at 19%, some of the gain that would have been recorded in the current quarter will now be reflected as higher interest income in future quarters. Excluding the $28 million in unfavorable adjustments which primarily related to prior year originations our estimated CAF income per vehicle financed would have still been much higher than the average fee we receive from our third party lenders. Let me review the components of these charges. First, $15.7 million related to the increase in loss assumption of un-securitized loans mostly of 2006 through 2008 vintage. Several polls now have expected cumulative loss assumptions at or near 3.5%. In today’s marketplace where everyone’s losses are substantially higher than expected our data indicates that our losses are still lower than others within comparable bands of credit. We believe this continues to be a reflection of our transparent sales and financing processes and the strength of our customized score cards which significantly mitigate the risk in used care lending. In addition, we have continued to tighten our credit standards by decreasing the loan to value percentage for some customer segments. Second, $7.7 million represented a mark to market reduction in the carrying value of the subordinated bonds we hold with a face amount of $115 million. This non-cash charge primarily reflects the timing of the recognition of income. Third, $4 million is the result of the need to again increase the discount rate used to value our retained interest from 17% to 19%.  We discussed this originally in the fourth quarter of last fiscal year when we increased the discount rate from 12% to 17%. This change also primarily affects the timing of recognition of CAF income from the current quarter to future ones. As many of you are aware, there appears to be limited liquidity currently available in the asset backed securitization market. In anticipation of continued market volatility we increased the capacity of our warehouse facility to $1.4 billion and at the end of the quarter had approximately $800 million in available capacity. Let me finally comment briefly on the decrease in income from our third party finance providers. This decrease primarily reflects our lower sales; it is also a result of some changes in the mix amount in the discount arrangements with some of those lenders. This largely was due to some tightening on part of some lenders and a reduction in the credit profile of the average customer. One item of note that is of particular importance is that Frye Financial Services recently acquired Road Loans previously owned by Triad and it’s share of the businesses thus increased. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Folliard: The SG&A rate ratio in the second quarter was 12.2% compared to 10.1% in the second quarter of last year. As you recall at the start of this fiscal year we projected some modest SG&A de-leverage but the magnitude of the negative comp stores is [inaudible] then originally expected. However, our success in rapidly reducing costs helped moderate the de-leveraging that would otherwise have occurred.  As I mentioned earlier we were acutely focused on reducing variable expenses to bring our costs in line with sales. During the quarter we decreased labor hours where possible, instituted a hiring freeze at our home office and are carefully monitoring all expenditures throughout our organization. We will continue to look for ways to achieve cost reductions. Looking forward, by the end of this fiscal year we’ll have opened a total of 10 stores including the last one in this upcoming third quarter. We currently plan to open five to 10 super stores in fiscal 2010. We plan to open three of these stores in the first half of next year, two of which will be in new markets for us, Augusta, Georgia and Cincinnati, Ohio. As you know, our plans are always subject to change due to construction scheduling. The reduction in our store openings for the next fiscal year reflects our previously announced decision to temporarily slow growth. While we still consider ourselves a solid growth story, we pulled back the pace of our long term growth goals in order to reduce our expenses and capital spending at a time when we’re generating less cash from operations. We believe this is a prudent decision for the near term and will help us protect our long term objectives. Let me close by saying we retain every confidence in the unique CarMax model, our consumer offer and the long runway of growth ahead of us. It is during tough times like these that we rely even more on the skill and dedication of our associates. Thanks once again for joining us today and especially thanks to all of our CarMax associates for your understanding, patience and for all you do every day. Now we’ll open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Rex Henderson – Raymond James.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James:  I want to focus a little bit on CAF and your assumptions for the loan losses now being originated. You told us what the peak loan loss assumption is for the previous securitizations, I’m wondering about what you’re expectations are for the new crop of loans?
Keith Browning: I’ll just give you a general description, we currently now have our six most recently public securitizations range in loss assumptions from 3.1% to 3.5%. Our current originations are projected slightly less than that range for the simple matter is that we continue to do significant tightening and the impact of that tightening we believe will bring them down somewhat under that range.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: As you tighten a little bit what do you think the impact on sales has been so far and going forward?
Keith Browning: That’s the thing that we continue to monitor. One of the things, the reason we don’t jump out and go tighten everything immediately is we try to balance the sales impact with the loss impact. The good news is that we feel like we found some significant opportunities to reduce losses without having a substantial sales impact thus far. We’ll continue to test going forward other pockets and see what happens. I wouldn’t expect any material impact on sales at this point.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: Can you give me some color on trends in same store sales in August? It must have been better than July but can you give me how it progress through August and into September?
Tom Folliard: When we came out on August 6th we talked about June and July being negative 17% and the quarter ended up being negative 17%.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: I also remember hearing that July was worse than June so July must have been worse than minus 17%, August must have been right in line overall. Tom Folliard That’s about as much detail as we’re going to give; it was negative 17% as of August 6th when we announced it through the two months, that’s kind of where we ended up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia – William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: I wanted to follow up on one of the financing questions. My understanding historically was that you wanted to keep losses topped out at that 3% range to keep the prime status of your loan portfolio. I’m curious, I know you’re tightening but it sounds like you’re still looking for a little north of 3% in your current origination. Is this something where we’re going to kind of see permanently lower spreads going forward as you morph into something that’s a little less prime then historically?
Keith Browning: I basically indicated that our current assumptions look like they’ll be under the range of 3.1% to 3.5% which is the six polls that I mentioned earlier. We’re going to be in that vicinity of 3%. The market has obviously changed and the comparative stats we’re going up against are also changed and so whether we are prime or not the real issue is the liquidity issue over all the marketplace. We feel like given our experience and our history in the marketplace that assuming there’s a market there we’ll be able to get these funded in due course and shouldn’t have any significant price problems.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: When do you anticipate doing your next securitization?
Keith Browning: That will depend on the liquidity of the market. Quite honestly we’re hoping that what Government’s working on right now will help loosen up some pockets and get people interested in buying securitizations again.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: Are you still evaluating other scenarios or is the securitization route pretty much the one that you’re committed to at this point?
Keith Browning: Sure, we’re talking to our banks and trying to be creative and see what other options are out there for us as I’m sure everyone is. The primary mode for us and most of our lenders that support CarMax are really the public securitization market.
Tom Folliard: That’s one of the reasons we increased our warehouse facility is so we had some flexibility here to wait and see what happens to the market.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: I’ve been following the stock more than six years and I don’t think I’ve ever heard you guys say that you might have lost some market share in a quarter. I understand it’s lousy everywhere but if you look at either geographically where you think you split some or else wise, where do you think you lost a little bit of edge vis-à-vis the competition.
Tom Folliard: Whenever we talk about market share we always talk about the data not being as good as we’d like it to be. We’ve reference it often as we have gained share so we felt like we should reference it when we saw a very, very slight decline. That decline was only through July so we really haven’t seen August data. We always do it on a 90 day rolling basis and it’s only available in half of the markets that we operate in.  We’re very concerned about it; we don’t have enough information or visibility into it to really. It could be an anomaly in the data. At this point I felt the need to mention it but we don’t have a lot to talk about. As some more time passes I think we’ll be able to have a little more visibility and a little more scope into what’s actually happening. Again, it was very, very slight and it was only through July. We don’t even have August data yet.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: I know model year change over is also somewhat excruciating every year, is there anything in the pipeline from the manufacturers that’s going to make this season more challenging for you or do you feel like your inventories are really lean and it’s not as worse than as normal.
Tom Folliard: It feels pretty challenging right now. I’m not sure the manufacturers can do anything to really change it very much. In terms of our inventory we have been aggressively, as we’ve said numerous times, getting our inventory down to our sales rate. We’re also heading into normal seasonality into the fall. We feel pretty good about our inventory position right now regardless of what’s happening with model year change over. Model year change over is kind of built into our methodology every year for inventory management. We’re kind of paying attention to all those normal trends in addition to this significant drop off that we’ve seen over the last few months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kwas – Wachovia.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: Back to the inventory question, could you share with us any data on your body of frame truck mix and how it trended and where you are now versus last quarter?
Tom Folliard: I don’t know what you mean body on frame truck mix.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: Traditional pickup, traditional SUV.
Tom Folliard: Pickup and SUV for us has run about 30% of our total mix and honestly our mix didn’t change very much through the quarter. What has moved all over the place is our ability to make a profit on it. We subsidized that by cutting margins significantly to keep that inventory turning. What we did see towards the end of the quarter, particularly in August is a flattening out of the depreciation and the demands came back kind of enough for us to begin to make what we would consider normalized profits again on that segment. Surprisingly the mix didn’t shift as much and I think that was partly driven by us because we were willing to take significantly less margin to sell the product.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: The big swing factor is going to be the wholesale market going forward not necessarily the change in your inventory.
Tom Folliard: To be honest with you I would have expected this quarter to be significantly lower on mix and it just wasn’t. I think that that’s largely due again to our willingness to take such a lower profit on the product. If you asked me at the beginning of the quarter with all that was going on I would have expected that to shift a little bit more than it did.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: In terms of SG&A you cut the store growth rate how are you managing the SG&A cost management given that it sounds like you expect to return to the 15% store growth rate at some point. How are you managing long term versus short term SG&A costs?
Tom Folliard: It’s always a challenge. The decision to slow growth I think will have a pretty good impact on SG&A over time. You don’t necessarily see that all at once. You don’t see it in the second quarter really. I think over time we’ll be able to pull those expenses down. We thought it was a good idea to keep the growth train moving even if it was at a slow pace so we wouldn’t have a huge cost when we decide to start up again as you said, so we kept it like it is. In terms of the rest of SG&A a lot of, for a retailer particularly, a lot of your costs are in variable SG&A which I think we’ve done a really nice job of controlling through the quarter and we’ll continue to pay attention going forward. Advertising is obviously a big piece and we’re really just looking at the second half of the year and deciding how much we should be spending on advertising. There’s an argument that when you have a situation like this you should spend even more in advertising. That of course, all those people who make that argument are in advertising. At the same time I’m not sure that in this current environment spending a whole bunch of extra money is going to make much of a different. That’s another area we can control SG&A.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: What percentage are your SG&As truly variable versus fixed?
Tom Folliard: I don’t know that off the top of my head but about 75% or 80% of our total SG&A is in the stores and that’s where the majority of our variable labor is. I couldn’t give you the breakdown of variable to fixed.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: On the warehouse facility, do you have room to move that up beyond $1.4 billion?
Keith Browning: Obviously if need be we will ask and try but the answer is I can’t give any assurances that we have the ability to do that at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel – UBS.
Brian Nagel – UBS: On the warehouse facility what was the cost of getting the extra $400 million of capacity? Where are we right now in utilization of that facility?
Keith Browning: The cusp really was in form of enhancements so that it really changed the timing of earnings and capsule it back to the company. Net net about roughly $1 million a year from interest costs if you wanted to apply that.
Brian Nagel – UBS: How far are we into the facility at the end of Q2?
Keith Browning: We have about $800 million capacity left at this point.
Tom Folliard: About $600 million in.
Brian Nagel – UBS: Last time you completed that large private deal that was several months ago as you look at the securitization market now is it clearly more difficult now than it was then, what’s your read on that?
Keith Browning: Right now as we look at securitization markets we’re looking for any deals to get done. We’ll be ready to go if and when the market opens up it’s just not open right now. It’s much more challenging.
Brian Nagel – UBS: On the new store growth you pulled back the growth, you guys have a long lead time at opening stores is it fair to assume that if you didn’t have some of these already in the worksheet open far fewer stores in 2009?
Tom Folliard: We had a lot of stuff in the works as you can imagine with the growth plan we had in place. The answer is we could have probably pulled back more of these. We think this is a good level for us. We think that five to ten stores is right now the right decision and we’re being extremely diligent on the mix of what those five to ten stores look like. A few of then were just pushed from this year so we really didn’t have much of a choice there but in terms of going forward we’re just trying to be as thorough as possible with analyzing what’s the best possible way to go.  The number of five to ten stores I think gives us a little bit of flexibility from the low end and the high end at the same time it keeps our growth going even though it’s at a modest pace so that we have some of those critical functions still in place if we want to get going again. We’re pretty comfortable with the decision we made.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: As you think about, this is really going to focus on credit and the impact on sales, both your own tightening of your standards on CAF and of your third party lenders tightening of their standards were those dynamics that intensified as the quarter progressed and then here into the third quarter or would you say they were consistent through the second quarter?
Keith Browning: What’s happened is that our lenders are trying to make changes and unfortunately none of them have a CarMax unique scorecard. As they make those changes what’s happened is kind of bits and starts where we’ll also get caught up in a change, we’ll point it out to them and then they’ll come back and they’ll focus, no, no we didn’t intend that for CarMax. That’s kind of a push pull that we’re doing in communicating weekly with them, letting them know when we’re seeing a change that’s either detrimental or positive so that they can know whether they’re moving in the right direction or not. They also indicate that our polls, our portfolio outperforms other books of business so it’s not necessarily intentional. Although I would tell you that all of them are facing the same liquidity issues that we are for those that need the ABS market. It hasn’t been a dramatic factor. The good news is that thus far really what’s happened is that when they tightened either another one of them that picked it up and/or it’s fallen down the channel sometimes all the way to drive in which case we pay a discount but at least we’re not losing the sale.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Can you talk about the proportion of sales represented by third party credit vendors this quarter versus a year ago?
Keith Browning: It’s down very modestly. When I say that, you have to caution it because the other thing that we see both in prime and non-prime is we have more customers coming to us this year with prearranged financing. It’s really hard to say how much of that is just attributable to their own financing versus what the consumer is doing in advance.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: You reduced your SG&A dollars $13 or $14 million sequentially which we had rarely seen previously and second quarter versus first quarter given that typical pick up in volume. Given that your store expansion is going to slow substantially and new stores shouldn’t add materially to the expense base is this $225 million pre-CAF a sustainable level of SG&A dollars on a quarterly basis or would you say that there needs to be some creep in that number?
Keith Browning: First of all one of the things we did do is we have a model for SG&A just like we do inventory but given the precipitous drop in sales they were at unprecedented nature we actually consciously accelerated that model in variable selling expenses and adjusting store hours. I was very pleased to that how much we could get those down. When you go forward I would tell you that SG&A is largely derived on variable SG&A on comps. If comp sales increase we’ll absolutely see SG&A increase ratably. We have to have the store staffing in order to support the customer flow that’s coming back in. That’s just a matter of when do customers come back. If we were to run flat for the next year and at this pace, yes there would be very modest creep just from inflation. I’m hoping that we’re going to see the economy turn around here and we won’t have to worry about that.
Tom Folliard: We’d be happy to have that SG&A back because we get a great return on it.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: If the sales weren’t there you’d be able to keep pretty close to here. The other question is were there any significant reversals of accruals for incentive comp or anything else that might have driven the number down versus Q1?
Keith Browning: We didn’t accrue any bonuses for corporate as you might imagine.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: But you didn’t have to reverse any accruals?
Keith Browning: No.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: You talked to some element of stabilization in your implied residual values on the truck and SUV side contributing to some normalization and margin patterns there etc. If that were to be continued and presumably that relates in part to the volatility of energy prices, is that something that might aid sales?  In other words, do you feel like the markets froze up to such a great degree, obviously they did and that impeded your sales numbers and that some more normalization of those markets might lead to a little bit of renewed velocity or would you say that the comp decline that you experienced is less a function of that internal use car market then than more a function of money in peoples pockets?
Tom Folliard: It helps sales and profit in that segment. To be honest with you what’s really missing is customer traffic. Until consumer spending comes back I’m not sure we’re going to see a dramatic change in our sales rate. There are so many different things going on, there’s so much volatility in the marketplace right now the SUV piece of it is only a small factor.  Within our inventory we might see that piece within the total mix pick up some but until we see consumers come back and start wanting to spend money and in some cases the used care is discretionary spend I don’t think until we see that we’re going to see a dramatic change.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: You think then it’s more a function of consumer spending then it is people’s reluctance to take the trade in with a big hit?
Tom Folliard: I think there are lots of factors in there but yes, I think its more consumers spending. As we keep saying we saw a roughly 17% drop in our traffic, in customer flow, walking through the door.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold Bleichroeder: In past times used car business has gone down less relative to new car business now it seems, in your mind is this out of whack with what should be the case that is new car business down 25% and we’re down 17%. A lot of times it’s been used cars would be down a lot less than that. If you look out to next year and the year after do you think this is going to stabilize or you think the relationship is changed for some reason.
Tom Folliard: I really don’t know. I would say if new cars are down 25% and we’re down 17% at least we’re not down 25%. There’s still a difference there between used and new. We are at the higher end of the used car market as you know with our average retails in the $16,000 to $17,000 range. As we talked about with wholesale we’ve seen some pretty strong demand in the lower end of the market down around $4,000 where from a retail perspective we don’t play in that market. In terms of what’s going to happen going forward it’s almost impossible to predict. The only thing we’re trying to do is make sure we line up our expenses and we prepare ourselves to weather through this and come out of it a stronger company. In terms of trying to predict what’s going to happen over the next six months or year you could ask 10 different people and get 10 different answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong – CL King.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: One of the drivers of SG&A in the past has always been your real estate organization which is necessary to continue your growth in the store base. With a pull back in store growth is that an area that you are cutting back on in terms of headcount or other capacity? What would it take to restart that once things get better and you decide to reaccelerate store growth?
Tom Folliard: You mentioned real estate but we have lots of areas of the company that are directly related to growth. In those areas we are paying attention to our expenses and our costs as closely as possible. We have a lot of great people in this company and some of those folks have multiple skills. In some cases we’re looking where we have somebody that might not be fully utilized and we’ll allocate them to something else that we think is a high importance to the company, we haven’t actually. We’re still growing so there’s still work to be done although we have slowed it down. Your second question on what it would take for us to get going again, it would take a big change in what’s going on in the economy for us to get rolling again. We’d have to see a big pick up in sales; we’d have to see a pick up in traffic. I think consumer spending is going to have to come back pretty dramatically. When we see that happen then we’ll take a good look forward and see what our best plan of growth is going forward and how much to accelerate the plan that we have now.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: From what you can tell, maybe some of the details are sketchy but the bail out plans by the Fed and the Treasury what effect do you see this having on the asset backed securities market going forward? Do you think that this is going to be what it takes to open that market back up for you?
Tom Folliard: We have no idea but we have our fingers crossed.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: You can’t really tell.
Tom Folliard: We can’t tell you, until we see it its hard to really speculate. I hoping it has a positive impact. Until we actually see some stuff loosen up, see some deals get done it’s really hard to say what’s going to happen.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: Any feedback from your bankers at this point or is it too early?
Tom Folliard: It’s too early.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: Can you confirm that 1.8% gain on sales was that net of a 3% not a 3.5% loss assumption?
Keith Browning: That was net of our current, yes, slightly less than the 3.1% to 3.5%.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: So your average APR on originations is holding in the high 9% basically?
Keith Browning: Yes, basically.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: You’re assuming plus 200 on the warehouse something like this?
Keith Browning: Yes, in that ballpark.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: Is the CAF penetration still around 40% and if the commercial paper market remains tough, third party financing sources just tighten a bit more are you comfortable increasing CAF penetration for a while?
Keith Browning: That’s a difficult decision not seeing any liquidity in the marketplace. Where we could pull back is perhaps at the upper end and we have B of A there. The challenge there is that it does alter the mix of the portfolio and obviously we could adjust the assumptions there. We’re trying to navigate carefully through this and watching carefully.  Right now we’re staying the course but I can’t tell you what we’ll do, it really depends on how quickly some of the actions that are being taken by the Fed and Government, Congress and what impact they have on the securitization market. There aren’t a lot of attractive alternatives.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: Are you at 40% currently or above, I think that’s been the historical penetration?
Keith Browning: We’re not meaningfully different then our historical penetration.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: To control penetration levels is that something that you would do by just adjusting APRs which would then support your financing margins or would you do that through other means?
Keith Browning: The challenge is we have our three day payoffs. Obviously our cost of funds even the consumer sees the Fed staying steady on rates at 2% our cost of funds are up significantly to your point earlier. We have and will continue to test increasing rates. Customers have the ability, especially the better customers have the ability to pay those off in three days and they actually do take full advantage of that. We have to balance the better liquidity and pricing issues with our own ability to finance them and it’s not as simple as it might seem on the surface.
Tom Folliard: It also depends what the lenders do that we have available for them at our own store. If we move our APRs and none of the other lenders move then we move them up we lose a lot of share.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: It appears that given where the asset backed market is today, the spreads would clearly be lower than that 1.8% on securitizations currently.
Keith Browning: Remember we also mentioned that we had a change in enhancements on our facility and that we also had a change in discount rates. Our actual APR to customers are just slightly over 10%. When you put those two on top of that with the higher losses then that’s why we end up at the 1.8%.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: The message you’re sending is the strategy here in this business is not so much to protect the profitability of CAF it’s just to keep the volume flowing through the stores at this point.
Keith Browning: The principle reason CAF exists is to support CarMax. Yes, temporarily there’s a balancing act that we have to manage through.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: Are there any strategic alternatives that would be available to you that might be a better balance in the future just to eliminate some of the volatility you’re having here in this financing source?
Keith Browning: All of our partners, with the exception of one, to my knowledge, have similar challenges from liquidity and the asset backed market. It’s not clear to me that there are a lot of strategic alternatives that are significantly different.
Operator: Your next question comes from Cid Wilson – Kevin Dann & Partners.
Cid Wilson – Kevin Dann & Partners: Can you give us any thoughts in terms of how sales were from a geographical basis?
Tom Folliard: We don’t generally talk about geography too much.
Cid Wilson – Kevin Dann & Partners: You have a meaningful presence in Texas was there any impact from the Hurricanes or you think that might have increased expenses we should be aware of?
Tom Folliard: We’re only talking about second quarter and the Hurricane didn’t hit until the third quarter. We’ll talk about that at the end of the quarter. It did hit Houston, Houston was largely, a lot of people were moved out of Houston, there’s a lot of power loss in Houston. Our stores were without power for some time. We’re still working on getting them all back up and functioning. That’s all third quarter impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial.
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial: The first question concerns the gain on sale it was a 19% discount rate and a 3.5% loss rate. What do you think would be your range on pre-tax gain margins at that point?
Keith Browning: I’d have to go calculate it and we’re currently not anticipating a 3.5% loss rate on our current originations.
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial: Given the variability and gain on sales which continues in that it’s probably going to be eliminated by the end of next year. Why don’t you guys just go off gain on sale early and just report portfolio accounting it would eliminate a lot of volatility in the earnings and give a pure cash flow picture what the business looks like.
Keith Browning: We’ve discussed that. We actually think that gain on sale even though it does look likely that it might change in the future does a better job of reflecting the environment that you’re originating in. For example, looking at the current market and increasing the discount rate and the funding costs related to what’s going on matches that portion of it. Historically cash flows have generally been in line on an annual basis with our overall accounting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rex Henderson – Raymond James.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: I wanted to ask a little bit about inventory and inventory mix and whether you’re satisfied with your mix of higher mileage, lower priced vehicles right now or maybe they’re higher priced with the demand there and whether or not you think your sales would have been a little better had you had some more of those higher mileage vehicles.
Tom Folliard: It’s really hard to say unless; it’s just hard to predict what the results would have been. In this environment if we had some lower cost vehicles maybe it would have helped. We were very, very focused through the quarter of getting our inventory in line with our sales as we talked about numerous times. Our average retail is down almost $1,000 year over year. We do have a lower cost inventory then we had before. Some of its lower acquisition costs; some of it’s a reflection of the demand. I’m not sure that it would have changed it dramatically but again there’s no way of telling.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: Are you finding sources for higher mileage vehicles, are consumers bringing them in, are you finding then at the auction or are you struggling to find those kinds of vehicles?
Tom Folliard: That’s largely been sourced through the appraisal lane and as we’ve talked about we have seen a decline of traffic and a decline in our buy rate. That has hurt our ability to get some of that stuff. That’s not generally something that we source off sight because you just don’t have as much time to evaluate the product when you’re at an auction as you do when it’s in your own store. We’re constantly evaluating our mix and seeing which direction we think we should be moving in. We feel pretty good about our inventory right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Victor Consoli – Perella Weinberg.
Victor Consoli – Perella Weinberg: The $800 million you have left on your ABS facility how many months is that typically, what is your average draw down per month on a run rate basis?
Keith Browning: It should take us into late January or early February at our current sales level. It really depends on what our sales levels are and whether customers come back or not between now and then.
Victor Consoli – Perella Weinberg: When will you start exploring in the ABS market rolling over into a new facility, probably now, it’s ongoing?
Keith Browning: We’ve been in discussion with banks as I’m sure all of our other lenders have been, what are the other alternatives out there.
Victor Consoli – Perella Weinberg: Isn’t there a reason of fear that you exhaust that facility there’s just no money left? There’s always some kind of a source, you mentioned B of A line but when you start getting to the lower cost vehicles would you literally be shut out of there if you didn’t have an ABS line? I’m trying to understand how it works.
Keith Browning: The answer is I’ve always believed that there’s a market at a price. We may not like that price but I think that’s generally going to be true. That market may change from the current ABS structure given what’s going on in the economy, I don’t know. The answer is, if we were unable to find any sources then yes we could find ourselves shut out and like I said we’re already in intense discussions on alternatives might be out there.
Victor Consoli – Perella Weinberg: It just gets passed on to the consumer at the end of the day, it’s got to be a rational market so if it costs an extra 100 bps for you it’s probably going to cost an extra 100 bps for everybody then the consumer just picks it up.
Keith Browning: That’s exactly right, at the end of the day that’s one of the things that hasn’t happened is that the market hasn’t been as efficient as usual given that what’s happening is it’s happening in the spreads to what the underlying credit is. It’s not as transparent to the consumer and so their receptiveness to doing it. We’ve already seen some indications that our competition is moving rates up and I think that’s inevitable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Kwas – Wachovia.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: You mentioned that more customers are coming in with prearranged financing. I thought that was interesting because a lot of franchise dealers are saying that penetration rates are up. Do you have any data that shows what your customers are coming in with in terms of the source of financing?
Keith Browning: We can only source that after the fact and I don’t happen to have that right now. We can do some drilling on it. It has been in this market an unusual phenomenon. In prior times when that’s happened we used to speculate that it was related to mortgage refinancing and things along those lines. Obviously that’s probably not what’s causing it right now. I don’t have the data, the sources for that right now.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: That would be helpful if that type of trend continues.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial.
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial: In the presentation you have a lot of loans originated and sold $526 million did you both originate and sell $526 million or is there a difference between what you originated and what you sold in the quarter?
Keith Browning: There is a timing difference between what’s available and held for sale at the end of the quarter versus the other so it’s not precisely tied to what we actually originated during the quarter but it’s fairly close.
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial: The number is within like $5 or $10 million of each other?
Keith Browning: Probably a little bit more than that given the timing of this quarter because we had a weekend at the end of this quarter.
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial: So you would have actually originated more than you sold in the quarter?
Keith Browning: Apparently.
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial: Arguably had you sold the full amount the number would be a little higher then.
Keith Browning: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong – CL King.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: With the slow down in store growth what sort of capital expenditures should we see this year?
Tom Folliard: You mean next year.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: In the current year and next year if you have that.
Keith Browning: Approximately $225 million.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: For this current year?
Keith Browning: Yes.
Bill Armstrong – CL King: How about next year?
Tom Folliard: We haven’t done next year yet.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-06-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Assistant Vice President, Investor Relations Thomas J. Folliard - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Keith D. Browning - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Director Tom Reedy - Vice President, Treasurer
Analysts:  Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Rexford Henderson - Raymond James Seth Basham - Credit Suisse Sharon Zackfia - William Blair John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management Edward Yruma - J.P. Morgan Brian Nagel - UBS Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Dan Gelvis - Deutsche Bank Richard Kwas - Wachovia Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial  Daniel Moore - Aqua Marine Capital 
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Lisa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Kenny. You may begin your conference. 
Katharine Kenny: Good morning. My name is Katharine Kenny and I head investor relations at CarMax. Welcome to our fiscal 2009 first quarter earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Folliard, our President, Chief Executive Officer; Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Tom Reedy, our Vice President and Treasurer.  Before we begin, let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing protections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them.  For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2008 that’s filed with the SEC.  Also, for your information, Tom will be presenting at an industry conference in Chicago tomorrow morning at 9:10 a.m. If you are unable to attend in person, the presentation is being webcast and we invite you to listen. You can check our website for details.  We also invite you to consider joining us in Richmond, beautiful Richmond, for one of our regular analyst days coming up in July or September. And as always, if you have any questions after today’s conference call, or Tom’s presentation tomorrow, please feel free to contact me or my colleague, Celeste Gunter. Tom, we’ll turn it over to you. 
Thomas J. Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning. Thanks for joining us. As you saw, we had a little bit of a tough quarter, to say the least. The weak economy, the dramatic increase in the price of gas, food, and the resulting decrease in consumer sentiment have all combined to create a challenging marketplace which continues to negatively impact our financial results. This is clearly disappointing to us and to our shareholders.  But even in times as tough as these, we do have some relatively positive things to report. We continue to outperform many of our competitors and from all the data we have, we continue to gain market share. Our comps in the first quarter, while lower than expected, still were positive and while store traffic fell for the first time in several years, our stores were able to partially offset that slowdown with higher conversion rates. Additionally, although we took a sizable CAF evaluation adjustment this quarter related to higher costs in our warehouse facility, it was due to funding costs and not to any material changes in our loss assumptions.  Further, a significant portion of that adjustment was originally expected to occur later in the year and does not represent additional cost. Keith will give you more detail on CAF in a few minutes.  From a fundamental standpoint, we remain confident that the superior CarMax model will facilitate our ability to outperform our competitors in any environment and allows us to continue to focus on our long-term growth proposition. Our exceptionally well-trained and dedicated associates will continue to offer our customers the transparent friendly service and wide selection of vehicles that’s the hallmark of our truly differentiated business.  Now let me go over some of the key financial results. In the first quarter, total sales increased 3% to $2.21 billion, compared with $2.15 billion in the first quarter of fiscal ’08. We opened six new stores during the quarter, two in existing markets, four in new markets, including two in Phoenix, Arizona, one in Charleston, South Carolina and one in Huntsville, Alabama. At the end of the first quarter, we operated 95 stores in 44 U.S. markets.  Used vehicle revenues increased 6% for the quarter due to the combination of a 10% increase in unit sales and a 4% decrease in average selling price. As expected, the decrease in average selling price was primarily due to the continued mix shift that is occurring as a result of the weakened economy and the dramatic increase in gas prices. More consumers are buying cheaper, more fuel-efficient cars, as you would expect.  Wholesale revenues decreased by about 7% as unit sales fell by just 2% but selling price also declined by about 5%. Wholesale units fell due to our lower appraisal purchases, which is a result of less appraisal traffic and as we reported in the fourth quarter of last year, a lower appraisal buy rate, which is partially due to the sharp depreciation in wholesale prices for larger, less fuel-efficient vehicles.  On to gross profit, in the first quarter our total gross profit per unit decreased by $237 compared with the first quarter of last year, due largely to a decline in gross profit per used vehicle. While gross profit per used vehicle did increase sequentially over the fourth quarter, we had hoped to make more progress in recapturing the gross profit we lost at the end of last year. However, we were reluctant to chase margin in a declining sales environment.  The decrease in gross profit was also the result of the aggressive markdowns we took on SUVs and trucks in reaction to the unprecedented marketplace depreciation. Also our normal markdown model marked that segment down quicker, as it always does, which also impacted our margins.  In fact, we’ve seen some dealers completely withdrawing from this segment and refusing to buy any of these vehicles. Despite this and despite the uncertainty surrounding the segment, CarMax continues to deliver on our consumer offer by making a cash offer for all vehicles brought to us by customers. But obviously we are forced to offer less to consumers for these vehicles, which results in fewer accepted offers and reduces our buy rate. As a result, the percentage of retail vehicles we acquired through our appraisal lane fell below 50% for the first time in several years.  Nevertheless, wholesale profit per unit fell by only $16, partially a reflection of the lower risk of depreciation inherent in faster turning inventory, and the continuation of strong dealer to car ratio at our auctions, even in this difficult environment.  I’m going to move on to CarMax auto finance and I’ll let Keith address the CAF results for the quarter. Keith. 
Keith D. Browning: Thanks, Tom. Good morning. While earnings at CAF were down significantly versus the prior year, this was largely due to adjustments we anticipated, although not necessarily all in the first quarter. They included an adjustment of $20 million, or $0.06 per share, primarily related to higher funding costs for loans originated in prior quarters. In addition, CAF revenues decreased due to CarMax's lower-than-expected sales and decreased average selling prices, as well as the reduced gain spread for loans originated during the first quarter.  At the end of our fiscal year, we reported that we anticipated a charge of approximately $14 million related to the $855 million left in the warehouse facility when those loans were resold into the public securitization market. We expected some of that adjustment to be reported in our first quarter securitization and the rest to be recorded when the next securitization, most likely in the second quarter.  As it turned out, our private securitization in May was at $750 million, a little bit larger than we had previously had anticipated, given the reduced market place liquidity, and the spread over LIBOR was somewhat higher than what we expected.  We also were compelled to mark-to-market the remaining funds left in the warehouse facility before the renewal in July, since we were far enough along in our negotiations for the new warehouse to know that, as expected, our cost structure would be higher. So a significant amount of the adjustment we took this quarter represents adjustments that we expected to take later in the year. Instead of taking some of the adjustment in the first quarter and some in future quarters, we’ve now effectively taken all of the expected adjustments now, which should actually reduce earnings volatility for CAF in future quarters.  You’ll note that we’ve added a new chart to our quarterly press release, similar to the one we normally included in our 10-Q and 10-K filings, to assist investors in their understanding of the components that make up CAF’s income. In that chart, you will note that higher funding costs and higher discount rate decreased the gain on sale of loans originated and sold during the quarter to 2.7% compared to 4.2% in the first quarter of last year, although the change in discount rate also resulted in the recognition of more interest income.  In general, as we discussed at the last conference call, the increase in discount rate results in less income in any given quarter but more income in future periods, assuming nothing else changes.  As we also discussed on our last call, we feel comfortable with the current credit standards. We believe that the higher-than-expected cumulative loss assumptions we previously recorded for the most recent securitizations have been due to the stress of the current economic environment. We continue to regularly monitor losses but as Tom mentioned earlier, we did not make any material changes to our loss assumptions for this quarter.  During the first quarter, we did note some slight reduction in loans financed by our third-party partners and this modest pull-back had some minor impact on sales. Our lenders tell us that much of the pull-back during the quarter was inadvertent, as they are tightening on other dealers and yet don’t have a separate scorecard for CarMax.  We continue to be reassured by our third-party lenders that they prefer our loans and that CarMax is an important part of their strategic business plans, and as a result we really don’t expect a significant decline in credit availability to our customers for the balance of the year. However, we approach and test other lenders. Tom. 
Thomas J. Folliard: Thanks, Keith. On to SG&A, the SG&A ratio in the first quarter was 11% compared to 10% in the first quarter of last year. This deleverage, most of which was expected, was partially a result of the 1% growth in used unit comps, the decline in our used vehicle average selling price, and costs related to litigation that reduced net earnings by $0.02 per share.  In addition, we remain committed to spending to support our growth plans, although given the current pressures of the external environment, we carefully monitor all of our expenses and reduce our spending wherever appropriate.  Net income decreased to $29.6 million, or $0.13 per share from $65.4 million, or $0.30 a share in last year’s first quarter.  And now looking forward, during fiscal ’09 we are on pace to open 14 stores, including three in the second quarter, two of which have already opened earlier this month, the remaining five in the second half of the year. As you know, our plans are always subject to change due to construction scheduling and we now expect that we will open our first store in the Philadelphia market at the beginning of fiscal 2010. In the fourth quarter of the fiscal year, we intend instead to open Potomac Mills, a non-production store in the Washington, D.C. market.  As we stated on the last conference call, we remain committed to our long-term store growth plans. While current market conditions are proving more difficult and long-lasting than many predicted, we continue to believe that the superior CarMax model will outperform in any market, although it is obvious we are not immune from the effects of a slowdown.  As I’ve already said, we were disappointed in our earnings results for the quarter. Both sales and margins fell below our expectations. Our May sales results were notably slower than projected and sales and traffic trends continued to decline into June.  The depreciation in SUVs and other large vehicles has been dramatic, especially since April. The rapid depreciation across this large product segment has been unlike anything I’ve seen in my career, and the consumer confidence index is at its lowest level since 1992.  Taking these factors into consideration, along with the general uncertainty of current market conditions in both the used vehicle marketplace and global credit markets, we have decided to temporarily suspend guidance until we have greater visibility into future trends. While we know this makes life a little more difficult for our analysts and our investors, we also know that giving guidance with a range as wide as necessary to cover all possible contingencies would not be particularly helpful to anyone.  We hope within a quarter or two to reinstate guidance and we appreciate your understanding until that time. As I stated earlier, I have every confidence that our skilled and dedicated associates are positioned well to help us continue to gain share now and as economic trends improve.  Let me take a moment to thank each and every one of our more than 16,000 CarMax associates for all they do every day, especially in this difficult environment.  To everyone on the call today, thank you for your attention, your patience, and your support of CarMax, and now we’ll open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: A couple of questions, and the first relates to the SUV depreciation and the impact that it has on your VAR rate. Based on your observations of past experiences, but I realize that what’s happening is somewhat unprecedented, at what point in terms of time does the market essentially clear such that consumer expectations are realistic and you can start getting back to the VAR rates to which you are accustomed?
Thomas J. Folliard: You know, Matt, that’s the, in our case, multi-million dollar question. After Katrina, we had a similar situation that was relatively short-lived and within 30 or 45 days, essentially the market cleared and we were back out buying at a pretty brisk pace, buying that inventory. This has been going on for really since the beginning of the year and has really steepened in the last couple of months. And as of right now, I couldn’t tell you when it’s going to turn.  I fully expect it will turn. I expect the market will clear. I think everything sells at a price. I think the wholesale marketplace has historically been very efficient. This is probably the longest lasting depreciation on any large segment that we’ve ever seen and I don’t know when it will turn. I can tell you that I think what is most prudent for us is that we continue to chase the offers down along with the depreciation curve. It doesn’t make any sense for us to offer more money for those cars than they are worth, so we are continuing to lower our offers for that segment and we have sent -- we have continued to send guidance out to our own buyers about lowering those offers, and we are going to continue to do it until the market clears. I hope it’s soon but nobody can really tell. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: And Tom, just to be clear, is the biggest issue associated with these wholesale price declines for larger cars and trucks simply the mix of store-bought cars versus auction cars, or are you also experiencing margin pressure due to depreciation of the inventory you’ve had in stock over the course of the quarter?
Thomas J. Folliard: It’s both. And you know, we’ve made some -- we talked about making some markdowns. We went into the -- we have a pricing model that has proved to be pretty effective. It’s proved to be pretty responsive to trends and it’s rare that we have to go into our inventory and make additional price cuts because our inventory model doesn’t adjust quick enough. In this case, our inventory model was adjusting quickly and it was applying pressure to the segment, which caused some of the margin miss but additionally on top of that, we had to go in and make additional cuts. And the last time we did that was after Katrina. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: And if you look at the state of the inventory now, give us a sense of the mix and your exposure? 
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, I feel very good about our inventory, about our response so far and I always feel like it’s the single most important thing that we do is manage our inventory effectively, particularly in a tough sales environment like we are in. And we try to match our inventory levels with our sales and I think -- I feel like we are in pretty good shape right now but there is no telling what’s going to go on with the marketplace.  In terms of our mix, we’re probably still a little bit over on that segment but the way that we move through that is to aggressively lower our prices, which obviously has a margin impact, but I think is the most beneficial thing for us to do long-term. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: One other very quick one -- the 2.7% gain on sale that you booked before all the adjustments, how does that feel relative to what you think you will be able to see for the remainder of the year?
Thomas J. Folliard: Keith. 
Keith D. Browning: Actually, it feels a little challenging right now, only for the simple reason that while spreads have narrowed in the public markets, which is the good news, unfortunately the base funds, which is the two-year LIBOR swaps, have escalated at an increasing rate, so we don’t know where those are going to be.  So that’s one of the reasons why we said that for the year, we expect it to be well below our normal 3.5 to 4.5. Obviously that’s affected by the discount rate as well but it’s challenging and we’re trying to pass along rate increases as we speak, and not affect sales. 
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Understood. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rex Henderson with Raymond James & Associates. 
Rexford Henderson - Raymond James: Good morning. A couple of questions; first of all, new store productivity, I was looking at your total vehicle sales and it looks as if the new store productivity was a little below normal levels. Is that because you are entering new markets, the timing of the openings? Or are you having some -- are we seeing more difficulty getting some of these traction in some of these new markets?
Thomas J. Folliard: You know, Rex, we talked about this the last quarter. It was true again in the first quarter. Our new stores, as well as our existing stores, are down a similar level. So our view is all of these economic factors that are obviously impacting our sales are impacting it across the board, which gives us confidence that continuing to open stores makes sense. 
Rexford Henderson - Raymond James: Okay, but you don’t feel like you’re having any more difficult then normal penetrating the market; it’s just that the markets in general are down?
Thomas J. Folliard: That’s right. 
Rexford Henderson - Raymond James: Okay. And the $20 million adverse impact on CAF, can you break out how much of that was from securitization, and I assume it’s most of it, and how much of it was from revaluing loans in the warehouse?
Keith D. Browning: I don’t know the exact answer, to be honest with you, Rex, but most of it was from the securitization. But because we booked 750 out of the 855, so my gut says that’s in the neighborhood of $3 million to $4 million unfavorability on that piece of it, and then the balance of the unfavorability is just on the warehouse. 
Rexford Henderson - Raymond James: Okay, and finally the percentage of retail that comes from the appraisal lane, you said it’s below 50% for the first time in a very long time. What’s the direction of that? Is that still on a downward trend or are you seeing some stability in that?
Thomas J. Folliard: No, I mean, it’s gone down and that’s one of the other factors that has caused so much uncertainty in the market and so much uncertainty for us. I felt like there was a chance we would turn that around after the fourth quarter. I talk about a declining buy rate, and then this sport utility and large SUV gas guzzler debacle has not allowed us to turn the corner there. So we don’t know what the -- where the end is there and that segment for us is 25% plus of sales and it still was in the first quarter. It’s not like we didn’t sell that product. We just had to sell it at a significantly reduced margin, but that’s had a lot of pressure on the buy-rate and it’s hard to overcome the pressure from that segment when it’s such a big percentage of the total. 
Rexford Henderson - Raymond James: And can you give us any sense of what the margin differential is between cars or trucks purchased in the appraisal lane and cars or trucks purchased at auction?
Thomas J. Folliard: It’s a few hundred bucks. It’s always been a few hundred bucks more through the appraisal lane than it is offsite, but the whole segment is being pressured right now from both sources. 
Rexford Henderson - Raymond James: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham with Credit Suisse. 
Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: Good morning. A couple of quick questions, and I’m sorry if you already said this because I jumped on the call late, but when you think about the SUV and pick-up truck wholesale market going forward, have you see any signs of stabilization in prices or do they continue to fall precipitously?
Thomas J. Folliard: We haven’t seen much in the way of stabilization at all. 
Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: Okay, and -- 
Thomas J. Folliard: It’s really tough. It’s the worst performance of a segment I’ve ever seen. 
Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: And when you think about conversion rates on the retail side, how much are they off versus last year and what’s going to turn them around?
Thomas J. Folliard: Conversion rates on the retail side were up in the first quarter over last year. We actually -- 
Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: They are?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yeah, as I said in the -- I think we said it in our press release as well but it’s one of the things we were very pleased with, is the execution of our stores. We talked about traffic being down, the offset, and the reason we had a 1% comp in the first quarter is because we had strong execution. 
Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then given all these pressures in your business, is there an ability to take out a lot of costs or are you pretty much stuck with your cost base?
Thomas J. Folliard: You know, most of our SG&A costs are in the stores and a lot of our year-over-year change in SG&A costs are in our growth and in our growth of our new stores. That doesn’t mean there’s not opportunity to pull costs out but the bulk of our costs are in the stores. So the biggest thing we can do in this kind of environment is manage our inventory effectively, which I feel like we will do, and manage our variable payroll in the stores, which we have done as well.  If you add back the two sets of costs from litigation, our SG&A was actually in line with our expectations. 
Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: Understood. Okay, thanks a lot and good luck. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia with William Blair. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: At least the Celtics won, Tom. 
Thomas J. Folliard: That was good. You’ve got to be real excited to have me in your conference tomorrow. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: We are. Well, a little less excited this morning, but -- 
Thomas J. Folliard: Yeah, thanks. Thanks a lot. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Yeah, no worries. So a couple of questions on -- obviously you are struggling a little bit with traffic, not unusual in any retail industry at this point but have you had any success in any test in ways to drive traffic into the stores?
Thomas J. Folliard: Our marketing guy is sitting here, so when I say no, I feel bad, but no. And not only that, Sharon, as you said, we actually felt pretty good about our traffic over the course of last year and pretty good in the beginning of this year. It’s been quite the decline in a very short period of time. That’s what’s created all this volatility and all this uncertainty for us. I don’t know if there was a tipping point with the consumers or when we turn the corner through Memorial Day and came into the summer, if people really felt like I don’t know where this is going to end in terms of gas prices, but our traffic has dropped in a way that we haven’t seen in a long, long, long time. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: I guess it would be helpful, as we think about the business, I know in the press release you said that the trends worsened as the quarter went on. I mean, how wide of a bandwidth are we talking about in terms of order of magnitude?
Thomas J. Folliard: I won’t get into the order of magnitude but as you know, Sharon, we don’t usually go through the quarter but in this case, we did because I think it’s important for people to understand that as the quarter progressed and deteriorated, it deteriorated at a modest pace, I would say, from the first month all the way -- so what is it, April -- I mean, March, April, and then May. And then at the end of May, particularly as we approached Memorial Day and came out of Memorial Day, that decline was steeper and continued into June. So if you take a -- our visibility, I mean, our looking at the trend over the course of the quarter, if you didn’t add in the last three or four weeks, it isn’t as steep. But it got so steep in the very, very end and into June that it caused us to have all this uncertainty around what we think is going to, what we expect to happen going forward. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay, and then a quick question for Keith; I don’t know what the litigation costs were in the quarter. Could you tell us what those were and are there more expected for the rest of the year?
Keith D. Browning: No, they are just accruals based on cases that we have outstanding based on the progress we’ve made to date on negotiating settlements and hopefully there won’t be more but we’re a big company and we are always -- you know, everyone is challenged with ongoing litigation challenges. 
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: All right. We’ll see you guys tomorrow. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Fox with Fenimore Asset Management. 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Keith, I’m wondering if you could clarify a little bit more what you are trying to tell us about CAF when you changed to the new credit facility. Are you saying the $20 million adjustment that you took this quarter, you feel that’s kind of it for the year, will there be further adjustments? I’m not clear on what you are saying. 
Keith D. Browning: Well basically, we had anticipated again a large portion of the costs to be in the first quarter but also a significant portion coming in the second quarter. Because we went ahead and booked the new higher cost of our new facility or our estimated higher cost of our new facility since it’s not actually a done deal yet, that brought everything forward into the first quarter. So for the year, the magnitude of miss versus our estimate is really that $6 million, not the $20 million. So if you looked at where we expected CAF to be for the year, it’s only going to be a couple pennies impact and then obviously the real risk to CAF is what happens to CarMax sales and what happens to spreads going forward. 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay, but my understanding was the $14 million was the catch-up due to the different pricing between the warehouse and the public securitizations. 
Keith D. Browning: And that ended up being a $20 million number instead of a $14 million number. 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right, that’s fine. Now, going forward, because the terms of the warehouse now will be more in line with the public markets, is it fair to say we will not have those types of adjustments going forward?
Keith D. Browning: Well, I would tell you based on what I know today and based on where we see the public market today, it’s possible that we could actually see slight favorable adjustments going forward but we don’t expect to see -- you know, we went a year where we had our warehouse facility that was below market, if you think about it from that perspective. If you look at today, it actually looks like the pricing might be slightly above market and so we’ll end up with a year, potentially, if things didn’t change, of slight favorable adjustments when we go to the public market.  But obviously that’s dependent on what happens to the public market between now and then but we don’t expect the same level of volatility, given the fact that they are very much -- they are closer together, more in line. 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay, so if I’m thinking about CAF for the year, I should think about a 2.5% to 2.75% gain on sale, basically no adjustments, minor. The service fee and interest income at a higher rate than last year because of the timing, and the expenses increased a little bit, and that’s what capture looked like. Is that fair?
Keith D. Browning: Well, the only risk to that again is what happens to both LIBOR spreads and then what happens in the public markets. Do those spreads continue to narrow or widen? 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right, sure. 
Keith D. Browning: I think generally speaking, what you are saying makes sense but I can’t tell you what’s going to happen to either of those. 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Right, I understand that. And then on the service fee interest income line, which was 21.3, will that increase quarterly through the year because of the timing difference or is that, can we just annualize that or --
Keith D. Browning: I think it should increase as our portfolio grows using the higher discount rate, so interest income should grow somewhat over the year. 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: Okay, thank you. 
Keith D. Browning: I don’t have a precise measure for it. 
John Fox - Fenimore Asset Management: No, that’s fine. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Yruma with J.P. Morgan. 
Edward Yruma - J.P. Morgan: Can you talk a little bit more about the credit availability, particularly your inability to pass through rate increases on to consumers? Is that really just a by-product if your interest in driving sales, or are other providers making more competitive offers?
Keith D. Browning: It’s really -- it’s hard to tell what the competition is. It’s really primarily us focusing on when we go make a rate change, two things happen, or can happen. And so we absolutely look at what’s the sales impact. And so if we can pass along our rate increase and there’s no sales impact, then the next piece we have to look at is what happens to pay-offs, because all of our customers have the opportunity to pay-off their loan in three days, they tell us very quickly their sensitivity to our rate increases or decreases whenever we make those. And so then we can make the educated choice on to what’s the most favorable economic decision for the company to make. Obviously in this environment, we would hope that pay-offs wouldn’t go up significantly, that sales wouldn’t be impacted, and that we can pass them along. It’s just that the fed has had a series of decreases, so consumer expectations have been moving in the opposite direction of what we’ve actually seen our funds happen. It may be that given that the feds, you know, all indications are that the feds not going to have further decreases, that we can start moving in the right direction for ourselves. 
Edward Yruma - J.P. Morgan: And your commentary about the reduction in limited availability for credit, has it impacted your ability to address certain segments? And I know you had the departure of Triad about two months ago. 
Keith D. Browning: Well, the good news is that really Triad was a non-event for us because someone else picked up that business segment for us, and that we have a menu of lenders there that are largely picking up the sales that would have been bought at a different rate, perhaps, by the other lenders.  So we’ve seen a minor negative, adverse impact but it’s not material and we’re hoping that no further changes come. 
Edward Yruma - J.P. Morgan: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nagel with UBS. 
Brian Nagel - UBS: Good morning. I guess my first question for Keith, with respect to CAF, to what extent are you still looking at alternative funding sources? I know it’s something we discussed in the past and you obviously did the private deal this time but are you still looking out there for other alternative type funding sources?
Keith D. Browning: Well, Tom’s sitting here. The answer is the securitization market still is very good and a lot more liquid now, and the pricing, all indications are moving in the right direction so the onus to secure other sources aren’t as great. We feel good that we have that. We think we do have other sources available to us based on our prior research to this point, should the public market move to the opposite direction. So we think we have an alternative to the public markets if in fact it were to go the wrong way but we are not aggressively pursuing that right now. 
Brian Nagel - UBS: The other question for Tom, just to get an idea, a better handle on the psyche of your customer right now, you still have -- as you mentioned before, you still have a lot of your inventory on your lots devoted to the SUV or large VAR category. For the consumer right now, is it a matter of price or are they really avoiding that category altogether because of fuel prices?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well as I said, we sold a lot of that product in the first quarter. Our mix shift is a couple of percentage points. It’s not a gigantic change. But it’s always a matter of price and at some price, all that stuff will sell. And as Matt, to Matt’s question earlier, it’s just a question of when does the market clear and at what price, and we are just still chasing that price down. But my expectation is that it will clear at some price and that segment will come. I’m just -- it makes sense at some price to buy it. 
Brian Nagel - UBS: So how many -- as you look at the inventory you have now, how much incremental margin risk do you think is there?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, it’s hard to say. It depends what happens with the market going forward. We feel like we have mitigated a large portion of that risk and taken a lot of the hit. But as I said earlier, it hasn’t turned and so we could be chasing this down from a while longer and that segment could continue to feel pressure. And the way we relieve the pressure is to cut our prices and sell the cars. And if we have to keep doing that, we’ll keep doing it. 
Brian Nagel - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Nemer with Thomas Weisel. 
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Our first question is on comps; can you just talk to the inventory expansion test and maybe what impact that may have had on the top line?
Thomas J. Folliard: Again, that’s still probably difficult for us to tell because we need to run that test for a long time. And just so everybody knows, we’re still running it in about half the stores now, and although we are aggressively driving our inventory levels down to our sales run-rate, we still -- it’s all relative, so the stores that are on the -- that were carrying extra inventory, it’s extra inventory relative to the amount of inventory we would carry at this sales rate.  Difficult to say what impact it had on comps but right now, we are continuing to run it, we are continuing to read the results, and we feel like it’s in total, in aggregate, positive. 
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, and then just on this SUV/truck topic, what is the customer doing that goes in for an appraisal and it comes in way below their expectations? Are they just holding on to the car? Are they trying to sell it in the private to private market? What’s your sense for what these folks are doing?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, first they yell at us. Then I don’t know. I think if you -- I think people believe that everybody is just going to run and bail out of their big sport utility and buy a hybrid. It’s just not realistic for people. You know that 80% plus of people who buy a car from us get a loan. A large percentage of people that are driving a car have a loan and in this depreciation market, if you came in four weeks ago and got a car like that appraised with us and then came back in today, you would get a couple thousand dollars less in a four-, five-, six-week period. I mean, we’ve never seen anything like that. If you have a pay-off on a car of $25,000, you get your car appraised at $23,000, you come back six weeks later and it’s $20,000, you’ve got to write a check for the difference.  People just can’t afford to write a multi-thousand dollar check to get out of their sport utility to get into a car that gets better gas mileage. The math doesn’t work, so I think people are ending up holding on. 
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Is there a point, even though it seems like winter is a long way away, where you can buy these cars and ending up making very significant gains on them?
Thomas J. Folliard: Well, just like what happened to us after Katrina, once the market kind of hits bottom, what we did then and what I expect we will do this time is that when we buy those cars at a price that they will then sell, instead of taking that -- you know, we’ll get back to our margin target in that segment but I just expect sales to pick up. We wouldn’t take that opportunity to go and make a whole bunch of extra margin. We’d take the opportunity to sell a whole bunch of extra product.  So once it reaches a lower point, we don’t actually change our margin target necessarily because the product has dropped in the marketplace, particularly in a time like this. So when the market hits bottom and the market clears, my expectation is sales will pick up. And you know, the margin pressure will be relieved and we will be able to hit our target margins but we wouldn’t go and try to make a bunch of extra money. We’d try to sell a bunch of extra cars. 
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. And my last question is in terms of the store labor expense, does the store respond -- how does the store respond to this environment? Are there any -- is it automatic or are there specific changes that you need to make from corporate?
Thomas J. Folliard: It is pretty automatic. We have a staffing model that we use that is based on our sales run-rate, not on our budget. So the stores have an analytical model, which is very similar to the analytical model that we use for inventory planning and that’s how we plan our variable payroll.  So we are looking at very recent sales trends to plan our staffing and like with any retailer, although I feel like our turnover is pretty low compared to other retailers, it’s still a number that can help us manage our staffing down. So through attrition, we can adjust pretty quickly.  We have a lot of seasonality in our business so the stores are used to making these kinds of adjustments, both up and down. Heading into the fall every year, we are decreasing our variable payroll and decreasing our staffing. Heading back into the spring every year, we are increasing it to keep up with rising demands and higher sales, so this is not -- it’s not unusual for the stores to have to move their variable payroll around sales changes. 
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong with C.L. King & Associates. 
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Good morning. Your wholesale gross profit per care actually was down only slightly during the quarter. How do you see that versus the performance on the retail side? How did it maintain that profitability?
Thomas J. Folliard: You know, when you turn your inventory as fast as we do in that segment, for example, a good number of our stores -- we run our auctions either once a week or every other week, and every time we run an auction, we sell 98% of everything we have in that auction, so we essentially sell everything. And right after we sell everything, we get immediate feedback on what that product is now worth, and literally that afternoon we can change our offers as it relates to wholesale product.  If our turns were that fast in retail, I would expect we would manage our margins just as tightly in retail. So the fact that we have inventory turns so quick in wholesale allows us to make very quick adjustments in our offers and it’s the reason why, even in a declining wholesale environment, as we’ve seen in the segment we’ve talked about all morning, we are able to keep up with that as it relates to the offers we make to consumers who are selling us cars that are going to run in the auction.  And then, as I’ve always said, our store associates do an absolutely phenomenal job of running an auction. I think we run the best auction in the business and the dealers appreciate it and our attendance ratio, our dealer to car ratio has remained extremely strong, even in this environment. 
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: And the buy rates at the wholesale auctions, still sticking to that high 90s rate?
Thomas J. Folliard: Yeah, that’s not a buy rate -- that’s our sell rate and the reason it stays at that rate is because we sell everything, even if we lose money. So we are clearing that inventory every week or every other week in every store all the time. It doesn’t matter what the environment is, we are selling all of it. We’re the ones who are making the decisions, so it will always stay that high. 
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Got it. Okay, how much did the extra Saturday help your used unit comps during the quarter?
Thomas J. Folliard: Probably around 1%. 
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. And what’s the warehouse balance right now?
Thomas J. Folliard: We’ll get back to you on that. We’re probably going to have to do another deal in the next month or so. 
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Do you think you’ll be able to -- 
Thomas J. Folliard: -- warehouse capacity is $1 billion, so -- 
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Right. Do you think -- I think you mentioned before that the securitization market is starting to look a little more liquid. Do you think you will be able to tap the public markets this time around?
Thomas J. Folliard: We hope so, but we’ll let you know after we do a deal. 
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets. 
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: A couple of questions; first of all, since the quarter is now behind us, can you tell us what your comp expectations had been? You said that your sales came in below what you were expecting. 
Thomas J. Folliard: No, we’re not going to do that, Scott. 
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And it sounds like you are probably seeing more people coming in with negative equity at this point, given the deflation. How big of an inhibitor is that to your overall transactional activity, or is that just another facet?
Thomas J. Folliard: We’ve been answering that question for several quarters. We still don’t see it in the credit apps. We still don’t see any kind of significant change in the amount of negative equity that people are requesting to finance.  What we have speculated on is that there is some self-selection out of the process because of negative equity. We can’t tell what -- we can’t tell how much negative equity somebody has if we appraise their car and then they leave. So again, it’s not showing up in the metrics that are measurable for us, which is when we see a credit app with an appraisal on it, we can actually see -- and then we find out what their pay-off is, we know exactly what the negative equity is.  What we can’t tell is how many people we appraise a car, make them an offer, they’ve got a bunch of negative equity, they see it in the appraisal, and they walk out the door. So I think it’s probably more in that -- that’s probably more where it’s occurring than in terms of the metrics that we see. 
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: So the people that are yelling at you when you make the offer, you never get to the credit app stage?
Thomas J. Folliard: That’s correct. 
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then you had mentioned you had seen some credit tightening from some of your finance vendors. Is that across the board or just one or two of your providers?
Keith D. Browning: That was just a couple of them and quite honestly when we brought it to one of their attention, they worked diligently and brought it back up to similar to levels before. The other ones more recent and all indications are they will be able to do the same. It’s inadvertent, unintentional. 
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then the last question is just on the gross margin side for used; can you kind of rank the impact on the gross margin between cutting price to move the metal and then having a lower buy rate from the consumer level?
Thomas J. Folliard: Probably the biggest impact was our starting point. You know, we talked about being -- and again, our budget for margin in comparison to last year might very well be two different things, but probably our biggest miss was more related to the starting point at the beginning of the quarter. You know, we talked about margins being down at the end of the fourth quarter. At the beginning of that, we said we thought and hoped that we would be able to get to flat margins for the year, which didn’t necessarily mean that we would get the flat margins for the first quarter. But we did feel like we could increase our margins sequentially from the fourth to the first quarter. It actually went up a little over $30, but we thought we could do better than that.  But as sales trends declined, it just doesn’t feel good to be raising margin in that kind of an environment, so that’s probably the biggest impact, is that we didn’t chase the margin up as aggressively as we would have.  And then from there, the sport utility impact in total, so not just the fact that we went in and did markdowns but the fact that our inventory management model is going to aggressively make cuts on product that’s not selling, that was another piece of the impact. And then just the continued pressure and the continued decline in the sales rate, which doesn’t make you feel real good about raising margins. So really it’s kind of that order. 
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right, thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan [Gelvis] with Deutsche Bank.
Dan Gelvis - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the market for fuel efficient vehicles. It appears there’s a serious shortage of fuel efficient vehicles, of new fuel efficient vehicles. I’m wondering how aggressive new car dealers are being in acquiring late model used and how that’s affecting your ability to acquire those vehicles?
Thomas J. Folliard: You know, I always talk about being in an efficient marketplace. A great example of that is if you go back to the beginning of the year and talk about the segment we’ve been destroying all morning, SUVs, with the biggest depreciation we’ve ever seen, fuel efficient vehicles have appreciated through the year. They’ve actually gone up in value. But it’s kind of fairly basic economics. It’s supply and demand and the demand is there to support it. So we are having to pay more for the product but the customer is willing to pay more as well, as you would expect. 
Dan Gelvis - Deutsche Bank: Where is the supply coming from?
Thomas J. Folliard: The same place it always comes from, from customers who are trading their car in or buying a different car or trading out or getting off lease or -- you know, it almost always relates back to whatever the run-rate in new cars was going back two or three years ago. 
Dan Gelvis - Deutsche Bank: But have you seen any reduction in supply of fuel-efficient vehicles? Are people holding on to them longer?
Thomas J. Folliard: I don’t know if we’ve seen a reduction in supply but I just know we have to pay more for it. We’re still appraising cars in the appraisal lane. We’re still buying cars at auction of that segment. We’re just paying more for all of it, and then subsequently the customers as well. 
Dan Gelvis - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. One more question on your new stores; is there any plan to explore the sale lease-back model, sale lease-back market in funding any of the new stores? Or are you going to continue on your current path?
Thomas J. Folliard: It’s always in the plans for us. Every store is unique. We make the best funding decision for each store at the time when it’s required to make that funding decision, so we have some stores that we own, we have some stores that are on sale lease-back. Depending on our capital and depending on what the market is at that time, we’ll make each of those decisions at that time. But the sale leaseback market is obviously something that we’re -- we have tapped into and expect to tap into in the future. 
Dan Gelvis - Deutsche Bank: Okay, appreciate the time. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Rich Kwas with Wachovia. 
Richard Kwas - Wachovia: Good morning, everyone. Keith, could you comment on recovery rates here for the quarter? I know it was kind of in the mid-40s for the fourth quarter. Where was it for the first quarter and how are you seeing that trending by vehicle segment?
Keith D. Browning: I don’t actually have the data yet for the first quarter with me, so I can answer that after the call. 
Richard Kwas - Wachovia: Okay. And I realize you don’t have the data in front of you, but given that the mix of sales over the last six months to a year is still weighted towards trucks, how much of a risk is it to recovery rates, given the decline in valuations here going forward?
Keith D. Browning: I mean, obviously we would see for those that default that we have to actually repossess a vehicle that we are going to have the same impact on CAF recovery rate for that segment and get the benefit on recovery rate on the fuel efficient cars as well. So all in all, I would expect it to be slightly negative but the real risk isn’t in that amount of rate. It’s really in frequency. 
Richard Kwas - Wachovia: Right, okay. And then going on that with the rebate checks out now, are you seeing any benefit on the delinquency run?
Keith D. Browning: We actually think we saw a small benefit but not a very material benefit. 
Richard Kwas - Wachovia: All right. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jordan Heimowitz with Philadelphia Financial.
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial : Just two questions; just by variable, going from 12% to 17% reduces the gain margin by what? And going from 2.5% to 3% reduces the gain margin by what? By my calculation, the combined is about 50 to 70 basis points on the gain on sale. Is that right? So the new blended rate, so to speak, would be 2.8 to 3.8?
Keith D. Browning: Could you repeat that again?
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial : Sure. You said your guidance was 3.5% to 4.5% on the gain margin, but that assumed a 12% discount rate, and a 2.5% to 2.75% lifetime loss rate, correct?
Keith D. Browning: Right. 
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial : Now we’re using a 17% discount rate and closer to a 3% lifetime loss rate, so I’m just saying -- so just those two variables, it seems to reduce the normalized gain margin about 70 basis points or like 2.8 to 3.8. Is that -- 
Keith D. Browning: Yep, that makes sense. 
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial : Okay. Thank you. 
Keith D. Browning: And the other piece of that is we’ll get more income in the back end on it because we have the higher discount rate. 
Jordan Heimowitz - Philadelphia Financial : Okay. I just wanted to make sure the math was done correctly. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Moore with Aqua Marine Capital.
Daniel Moore - Aqua Marine Capital: Thanks for taking the question. Two questions quickly; one, given the speed of the deceleration and trends that you described, can you give us a sense for what used car comps were month by month, and any sense where you might be June to date? And second, the one sort of bright spot is that loss assumptions that you had haven’t changed much. Are you surprised by that at all and anymore color that you might have around that would be very helpful. Thank you. 
Thomas J. Folliard: On the first part, as you know we’ve been very reluctant to talk about month to month. I don’t think the business actually runs month to month. I think it runs on longer terms and as I said, the quarter came out at 1%. There was a declining trend through the quarter but we’re not going to give anymore detail on a month-to-month basis. I don’t think it’s actually relevant.  And in terms of June, it’s way too early in June. You know, the fact that after Memorial Day, our trends continued to decline is the reason for so much uncertainty from our end but in terms of the comp, two weeks of a comp is virtually meaningless.  And what was the second part of the question?
Keith D. Browning: I’ll answer that. Every quarter when we set the loss rates, we actually try to project the lifetime losses, and so we are not surprised that we didn’t have to make any material adjustments. The longer and the more sustained the adverse economy has been obviously then it changes your outlook, and so I think that we feel real good about our projections for loss rates, assuming that the economy doesn’t continue to deteriorate, let’s put it that way. 
Daniel Moore - Aqua Marine Capital: Thank you. 
Operator: Sir, are there any closing remarks?
Thomas J. Folliard: In closing, I would just like to thank everybody for listening in today. As I stated earlier, we are as committed as ever to the CarMax consumer model. You know, it’s a very difficult and very challenging environment, both the credit markets, the gas prices, all the uncertainty out there. But in terms of our consumer offer and our model, we have as much confidence as we’ve ever had. We are going to continue to build on our growth plan. We are not going to lose any of our best people. We are going to continue to invest in our strategic initiatives and we are as excited as ever about our prospects going forward. I just think we’re in such a tough environment right now that there’s so much uncertainty in the marketplace. It’s very difficult for us to figure out what’s going to happen for the rest of the year. But again, we are very, very confident in our long-term prospects. Thank you very much and we’ll talk to you next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-04-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny, Assistant Vice President, Investor Relations Tom Folliard - President and Chief Executive Officer Keith Browning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tom Reedy - Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs Sharon Zachfia – William Blair Seth Basham – Credit Suisse Rex Henderson – Raymond James Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners John Fox – Fenimore Asset Management Bill Armstrong – CL King and Associates Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank Rich Kwas – Wachovia Daniel Moore – Aquamarine Capital Brian Nagel – UBS Jordan Hymowitz – Philadelphia Financial Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets Adam Wright – Nicos Associates
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Kenny you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Good morning, my name is Katharine Kenny; I want to thank you for joining us this morning. On the call today are Tom Folliard our President and Chief Executive Officer, Keith Browning our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Tom Reedy our Vice President and Treasurer. Before we begin let me give you a brief update on where we will be appearing. This is my little commercial. I will be in New York next week and at the end of the month. I’ll also be with management in Chicago in April and in California and Boston in May. We also have our usual analyst days that we do every month, May, June and July. Let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward looking statements that we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events. They involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projects and other forward looking statements the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations please see the company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2007, which will soon be out of date, filed with the SEC in our subsequent filings. Now I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Folliard: Good morning everyone thanks for joining us. As you saw in this mornings press release CarMax just concluded a very challenging year and a disappointing fourth quarter from an earnings perspective. However, most of the earning shortfall came as a result of the turbulence and illiquidity in the global credit market especially for asset backed securities. Keith will describe the resulting valuation adjustments and increased funding costs we reported in a few minutes. The good news, though was we reported 3% used unit comps for the fourth quarter and the full year. Above our most recent expectations and at the low end of the original guidance that we shared at the beginning of this fiscal year. Our ongoing belief is that CarMax will consistently outperform the competition in a variety of economic environments, primarily due to the unique aspects of our model. Our data continues to indicate that we are gaining market share. Let me review a few of our key financial results. First sales, in the fourth quarter total sales increased 9% to $2 billion compared with $1.9 billion in the fourth quarter of fiscal ’07. For the full year total sales increased 10% to $8.2 billion from $7.5 billion last year. We opened three stores in the fourth quarter for a total of 12 during the fiscal year representing a 16% expansion over last year. At the close of fiscal ’08 we operated 89 stores. Used vehicle revenues increased 11% for the quarter due to a 13% increase in unit sales and a 2% decrease in average selling price. The decrease in average selling price was primarily due to a mix shift as consumers focus on older more affordable vehicles and smaller more fuel efficient ones. During the fourth quarter we saw increases in traffic in both the stores and on CarMax.com as compared to last year’s fourth quarter and execution in our stores also improved. In fiscal ’08 we sold more than 377,000 used vehicles, a 12% increase over 2007. Wholesale revenues remain flat during the quarter as a 1% increase in unit sales was offset by a slight decrease in the average selling price. Wholesale units grew less than retail sales primarily due to a lower appraisal buy rate. For the fiscal year we sold more than 222,000 vehicles at our auctions an increase of 6% compared with last year. As for gross profit in the fourth quarter our total gross profit per unit decreased by $120 due largely to a decline in gross profit per used unit. A trade off we are willing to make in order to support unit sales in a period of weaker demand. Nevertheless wholesale profit per unit increased slightly due in part to strong attendance at our auctions. Total gross profit per unit for the full year was flat compared to fiscal ’07. Now on to CarMax Auto Finance, I’m going to turn it over to Keith and he’ll review those results.
Keith Browning: Per Tom’s earlier remarks CAF had a very tough quarter. Many of the charges we took in the quarter we related to things beyond our control. Items related to the ongoing turmoil in the global credit markets. In total CAF income was reduced by $34.6 million or $0.10 per share and recorded a $1 million loss for the quarter. I’ll briefly review the three most significant items that contributed to that loss. First, the discount rate, each quarter we evaluate the appropriateness of the key assumptions for our gain on sale model. Prior to the third quarter of fiscal 2008 most of our retained interest adjustments had been confined to prepayments, fees and loss rates. Recently we’ve also been affected by volatility in funding costs. Historically the assumption we used for discount rate has been 12%. We increased this discount rate to 17% this quarter reflecting the dramatic increase in market rates for investments in similar financial instruments. This change resulted in a non-cash charge of $14.7 million which included an adjustment to our reported gain percentage in the fourth quarter. Remember that this change should impact the timing of future income recognition not the amount of that income. It essentially results in less income this year and more in future periods assuming that nothing else changes. The second major adjustment was loss assumptions. We increased our cumulative loss rate assumptions to 2.9% or 3% for the four most recent public securitizations. We also increase the loss assumption on receivables in our warehouse facility. These loss adjustments total $8.7 million. As we discussed previously we feel comfortable with our current credit standards but we acknowledge that our losses are running somewhat higher than our originally projected due to the stress of the current economic environment. We view this as a temporary cycle that has affected most financial institutions and it’s not unique to CarMax. We continue to regularly monitor losses and have tightened sub standards at the lower end of the range we buy. More recently we’ve increased down payments for these customers at that lower end which often times results in a sale financed by one of our third party lenders instead of CAF. Third our funding cost increase as expected and as we discussed in our third quarter conference call we recorded a charge of $6.1 million due to the higher funding costs for our 2008-1 public securitization in January. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Tom.
Tom Folliard: I’ll talk about SG&A for a second. The SG&A ratio in the fourth quarter was 10.8% compared to 10.7% in the fourth quarter of last year. Last year included a $4.9 million impairment charge. Net income decreased $22 million or $0.10 per share from $42.1 million or $0.19 in last years fourth quarter. For the year net income decreased to $182 million or $0.83 per share from $198 million or $0.92 per share last year. Now looking forward, our annual store growth plan of approximately 15% remains solidly in place during fiscal ’09. We expect to open 14 stores including seven production and seven non-production stores. Nine will be opened in new markets for CarMax. These include several larger markets, Phoenix and Philadelphia. While our plans are always subject to change we currently expect to open nine stores in the first half of the fiscal year. The uncertainty of current market conditions in both the used vehicle market place and global credit markets mandates that we take a more conservative approach to our range of projections for fiscal ’09. We therefore project used unit comps in the range of -2% to 5%. Total revenue growth between 7% and 14% and earnings per share of $0.78 to $0.94. We expect to be able to deliver flat gross profit for used and wholesale units in fiscal ’09. We don’t expect a significant decline in credit availability to our customers despite the fact that AmeriCredit will no longer be originating loans for us effective yesterday. Recently AmeriCredit had originated only about 1% of our loans and we anticipate the majority of these loans will be picked by our other third party lenders. We’ve been reassured by our remaining third party lenders that CarMax is an important part of their strategic business plans and we do not expect any noticeable impact resulting from their need to tighten lending standards outside of CarMax. Our other lenders continue to tell us they prefer our loans which generally perform better than those of other dealers even in this stressed economy. We also regularly talk to and test additional lenders. While we continue to believe there will be a market at a price to fund CAF we clearly expect it to remain expensive relative to historic norms due to the current market disruption. Based on current spreads in the market place we anticipate CAF will absorb approximately $14 million in incremental funding costs when we refinance loans residing in our warehouse facility at year end which is approximately $855 million. We also expect to see a continuation of the affects of economic stress on our originations resulting in loss rates similar to the higher levels we saw in fiscal ’08 which will also impact CAF earnings in fiscal ’09. While we will continue to look for opportunities to improve our credit underwriting at this point I would describe it as just fine tuning. We do not anticipate making any significant changes to CAF’s current underwriting standards. Lastly, at projected comp levels we would expect SG&A de-leverage in fiscal ’09 especially as we plan to continue to spend on growth and selected strategic initiatives. Since we expect debt levels to grow we also project higher interest expense. Despite a difficult fiscal ’08 and a challenging fiscal ’09 we remain confident in the strength of the CarMax model and the ability of our associates to successfully help us achieve our long term goals. We believe that CAF is a key competitive advantage that helps us provide higher value to customers and to our shareholders. CAF is more profitable even in extremely difficult environments like fiscal ’08. The average profit we recorded per vehicle financed by CAF in fiscal ’08 was roughly $600 still significantly higher than the average fee we received from our other lenders. It is in fact for just this kind of environment that we originally conceived of CAF. Before I close and take your questions let me take a moment to thank the nearly 16,000 dedicated CarMax associates for all they do every day to help us achieve our short and long term goals. Now we’ll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: A couple questions if we could. First on the gross margin side and your strategy of taking a lower gross profit per vehicle how do you think that worked out for you. It’s a bit of a departure from how you had come at the business prior to this quarter. Were you satisfied with the results and is it something you would expect to continue to pursue in 2008?
Tom Folliard: In fiscal ’09 we expect to be able to run flat margins year over year. We believe that our projection for comps sales reflects our ability to be able to deliver that and deliver in that range of comps. In terms of the strategy for moving margins to move sales, I talked about it at the end of the second quarter and that was at a time when we didn’t believe it would have had much of an impact. As things continued along the way they did over the next several months we thought it made sense to try and help spur sales a little bit with slightly lower margins. How did it work out is very difficult to say. We are pleased with our sales results for the quarter, how much of that can we directly attribute to the lower margin is very difficult to say.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: A couple questions on credit. To the extent that you took the discount rate up to 17% from 12% if you could give us a sense as to the thinking behind that and whether that covers prospective securitizations, I don’t believe it does and what the implications of that higher discount rate are for sale ratio going forward?
Keith Browning: The discount rate covers everything that we have obviously financed so far. I can tell you that our forecast for next year does include anticipation of a higher discount rate at similar levels. We don’t see the stress caused by the global credit market changing dramatically next year and so it contemplates that we are going to see discount rates at similar levels. The thinking was generally that we saw credit spreads dramatically raise. If you go back since the end of the third quarter we’ve seen them raise over 200 basis points. It was hard to stand on our old discount rate of 12% given that dramatic increase which was really unprecedented in our history.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: You guided to gain on sales percentage significantly below the 3.5% to 4.5% range or well below. Does that include the $14 million item that you disclosed in your guidance for fiscal ’09 or is it incremental to that?
Keith Browning: It includes that.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: That is one of the factors. If you were to back that out would you still be below the 3.5% threshold?
Keith Browning: The answer is I really don’t know off the top of my head. I would tell you that we have a wide range on our earnings estimate really related to the uncertainty of what our cost of funds are going to be. Even backing that out would we achieving that, I don’t know. What the Fed is going do and its impact on us I don’t know. It’s part of the reason why we have a much wider range on next years earnings is the ongoing uncertainty with what our funding cuts are going to be.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: My final question, there is a piece of your sales pie that you do outsource a few other third party vendors some of that relates to sub-prime customers. How big a piece of the business is that right now and how much has that changed and what happens to it going forward in your forecast?
Keith Browning: In fourth quarter we had a nice increase from our true sub-prime provider. It actually contributed about a percent of our overall sales increase year over year. On an ongoing basis we don’t expect any substantive changes.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Remind us who that provider is.
Keith Browning: [Indiscernible].
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: How big a piece of the business has that become for you?
Keith Browning: For the quarter it was slightly less than 2%. It always has its peak of seasonality in the fourth quarter associated with income tax refunds. That’s why it grows dramatically; it will be on average less than 1% for the year.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: That’s the true true sub-prime customer.
Keith Browning: True.
Tom Folliard: That small percentage of sales is at a lower average profitability as well so even that whole amount of sales went away that amount of profitability wouldn’t go away.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zachfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zachfia – William Blair: I have a few questions on retail and a few questions on finance. First on retail, I’m a little confused on the gross profit tightening in the fourth quarter because I know that velocity picked up in your comp but then it sounds as if you are projecting similar gross profit per vehicle in ’09 which implies to me your feedback on the test or the experiment was a little bit mixed in the fourth quarter. Can you talk through what you saw? I know Matt asked the same question but maybe in a little more detail. I know you have tremendous analytics so is there enough stimulation that you can have on demand if you drive down the gross profit to pick up sales or is it truly a wash at this point?
Tom Folliard: One of the problems is its really difficult to figure exactly what you’ve got for that money. Would we have gotten those same sales without the margin decrease, probably not? I can’t tell you how many percentage points of sales we picked up. When we tried to forecast all of next year assuming some movement in margin throughout the year and some changes in sales and looking at our projected comps we feel pretty good about our ability to be flat at the end of the year. There is obviously going to be some movement throughout the year just like there was this year. When we look at the comp range that we set and our margin expectation we think we can deliver flat margins.
Sharon Zachfia – William Blair: As we sit here today do you still have somewhat tighter margins targeted on the loss?
Tom Folliard: I’m sorry, say that again.
Sharon Zachfia – William Blair: As we sit here today are you still targeting somewhat tighter margins on the loss in the first quarter, for example? I don’t mean to pin you down on quarterly guidance I’m just trying to figure out strategically whether what you did in the fourth quarter has continued into the first quarter.
Tom Folliard: I’m not going to talk about the quarter but I’ll tell you that we looked at the year, we looked at our ending place at the end of the fourth quarter and where we were on margins and we looked at our ability to manage through the next 12 months and we think at the end of the year we’ll be flat.
Sharon Zachfia – William Blair: Separately on the inventory expansion test which you brought up after the third quarter. Can you give us an update on how many stores that’s in and what you are seeing in those stores and how that might impact this year?
Tom Folliard: Right now it’s in roughly a third of our stores. We are in the early stages, pretty pleased with the results. We will probably expand it some in the beginning of the year. We want to read results on something like that for a much longer period of time than just three or four months. We want to see it run through some different economic situations as well. We are pretty pleased with it. This is not the kind of thing where you can specifically attribute ‘x’ number of percentage points for the inventory up test. We are pretty pleased with the results. One other point to make is we had one set of stores that we tested inventory up in the fourth quarter, we had the majority of the stores did not have inventory up and sales on average were up in both groups.
Sharon Zachfia – William Blair: Are you going to the asset backed market in April, is that still the plan?
Tom Folliard: We’ll do our next financing in the first quarter whether it’s in the asset backed market or takes other shapes we are still working on it.
Sharon Zachfia – William Blair: In terms of the tighter credit standards at CAF do you have any idea how much market share you are likely to give up in CAF to third party lenders this year?
Tom Folliard: It won’t be significant. We did most of that adjustment at the end of the third quarter and the good news is we don’t think we saw any sales loss and didn’t see a significant market shift but there was some but less than a percent.
Sharon Zachfia – William Blair: On AmeriCredit, did I hear correctly that AmeriCredit that only generates about 1% of your loans because I thought it was much higher than that?
Tom Folliard: That was more recently. Obviously even much less than that if you went down to what you would call unique or incremental and that doesn’t even count that we have two layers below them that obviously would likely buy most of those if not all of them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Basham with Credit Suisse.
Seth Basham – Credit Suisse: Can I ask you a couple questions on CAF then a couple questions on the business? First on the plans for April, you mentioned doing some sort of financing, are you considering something else besides the ABS market and what’s going to determine where you go?
Keith Browning: We’ve been talking about exploring a couple alternatives to the ABS market. Because we are in April and we are going to do something in the first quarter it’s not a period where we can really talk more broadly about that but we are exploring our options.
Seth Basham – Credit Suisse: You didn’t specify if you expected an increase in cost of funding in the warehouse facility in 2008 particularly as that facility renews in July. Is that anticipated in your guidance?
Keith Browning: Quite honestly at the end of the day our ultimate cost is the public market or whatever form we choose. It’s implicit in there in the fact that that’s step one of our pricing and then step two is to go ahead and refinance ones out of the warehouse. I think it will be higher but it won’t have any impact on our guidance because the ultimate cost is what we are paying in the public market or other markets that we choose.
Seth Basham – Credit Suisse: As you think about where you are to finance these loans do you still consider yourself to be a prime lender as some of your losses push up against 3%? If they move above 3% what does that imply for spreads going forward?
Keith Browning: We absolutely believe that we are still a prime lender and I believe we can tap the ABS market should we choose to do so. What it may affect is there may be a change in enhancements if we linger slightly north of the 3%. Because this is affecting the market more broadly we believe the rating agencies and investors all will consider that and feel comfortable with the prime rating.
Seth Basham – Credit Suisse: Turning to the business on the wholesale side could you talk about why the buy rate decline and whether that was planned and whether you expect that to continue forward on the wholesale side?
Tom Folliard: I talked about the buy rate decline at the end of the third quarter and we thought that had a lot to do with consumer uncertainty, the economic environment along with the impact it had on our sales. This quarter you saw our sales were stronger than we expected but our buy rate continue to lag. To be honest with you we don’t know exactly why that is. There are a number of factors that could have contributed to it. We’ve been talking about negative equity for a long time and maybe that’s starting to catch up a little bit but we don’t have any specific number of points to that. There is a difference in wholesale depreciation this year that we haven’t seen in a little while that may be also is contributing and I still think that consumer uncertainty pieces in there as well. Whether or not that will continue its very difficult for us to forecast that but our expectation is that we can at least maintain where it is right now and possibly build some time during the year.
Seth Basham – Credit Suisse: Lastly, on the guidance for costs for 2008 I know you don’t like to give quarterly guidance but how do you think about the cadence of that cost run rate throughout the year, do you expect it back half weighted?
Tom Folliard: You said it right the first time about not giving quarterly guidance. It’s not an easy thing to predict on a quarter to quarter basis and you can look at the way the cadence has gone in the past. You can’t make any sense out of it. We had 13 and 12 in the third and fourth quarter last year and this year you saw what they were for the two quarters ended. It’s very difficult to figure out for the year. We’d rather stick to the guidance for the year and be able to hit it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rex Henderson with Raymond James.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: I think the CarMax Auto Finance questions have been explored in some detail; I wanted to ask a little bit about profitability and gross margin, return to that topic. You said that the mix shift had gone toward older and lower priced vehicles and I’m wondering how much of the gross profit per vehicle impact in this quarter was the result of that shift and how much of it was discretionary and what you are expecting going forward, any continued impact in that mix shift and what it means?
Tom Folliard: I can tell you that none of it was the result of the mix shift and all of it was discretionary. Any expected projection on the mix shift going forward our margins don’t flow based on that mix. They don’t flow based on whether it’s a fuel efficient car, an SUV, we have a variety of margin targets within each of those segments and the factors that contribute to those margin targets are unrelated to whether or not it’s a fuel efficient car or a sport utility.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: I have a question on the portfolio, in taking the discount rate from 12% to 17% how much of an EPS impact is that if you could isolate that change what is the EPS impact on your FY2009 guidance?
Keith Browning: It hasn’t been calculated on 2009, obviously it was $0.04 for this year but I’d have to go calculate.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: Would it be somewhere in that same range.
Tom Folliard: It’s in our expectations. It was $14.7 million for fiscal ’08.
Rex Henderson – Raymond James: It was $14.7 million in this quarter on the EPS line for this quarter I’m wondering what the impact is going forward?
Keith Browning: We’ll have to get back to you on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scot Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: I know you guys don’t want to talk about the cadence of the quarter itself but you do make a comment in the press release that sales were stronger than expected at the beginning of the quarter and what I’m trying to figure out is does that imply a slow down as the quarter progressed or were you already expecting some sort of ramp and it got back to expectations as the quarter progress there.
Tom Folliard: What it really meant was at the beginning of the quarter was when we announced the third quarter. When we set our expectations for the fourth quarter we are not referring to the timing of sales in the quarter we were referring to when we gave the guidance. The guidance at the beginning of the quarter a couple weeks in after the end of the third quarter and so from that point forward sales were stronger than we expected.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Could you remind us how long your $300 million extension exists on the warehouse facility and what is the plan for that going forward? Could you expand that further, I know you said it’s an expensive extension that’s not something you were necessarily shooting for. Can you give us a game plan on that?
Keith Browning : It expires at the end of this month on April 30. As I indicated earlier what we are in the midst of is looking at the other alternatives. We believe that we could expand that again if necessary but it will depend on the timing of our next transaction whether we have a need to do so or not.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: I know you guys are still in exploratory mode but what is the most likely alternative is it doing whole loan sales or are there other things that maybe we aren’t considering?
Keith Browning: We set whole lone sales as a possible alternative and there’s another one or two that we are considering in this outside of the ABS markets. We don’t want to be more specific now since we are in the midst of discussions and negotiations.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: The last question is you referenced you are expecting flat margins in terms of gross profit dollars per unit in the wholesale business. If we were under more normal circumstances whatever that may actually be, lets just call it a better overall sales environment, would you expect any material change going forward in that gross profit dollars per unit or where you expect to be and what you think is a sustainable rate at this point?
Tom Folliard: We hope this is a sustainable rate. We are not aggressively trying to move that margin up. As I talked about before its an integrated piece with all the other parts with retail sales, with CarMax Auto Finance, with ValueMax and we are managing the total margin on a per used unit basis that we can deliver to the shareholders not each of those individual components by themselves. As I’ve said before you really can’t do that it has too much of an impact on other areas. If we were in a better environment I would have expected to have more units that we sold.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: The gross profit dollars that’s what we’ve achieved at the target and that’s not what you guys are planning for on a sustained basis.
Tom Folliard: Yes, as long as none of those other factors change which would cause us to make an adjustment.
Scot Ciccarelli – RBC Capital Markets: Related to that, given the mix shift that you are seeing towards lower end vehicles, maybe cheaper vehicles, does that have much of an impact on the wholesale side?
Tom Folliard: I don’t know. I don’t think so. I couldn’t really answer that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: My first question was on the wholesale business. Could you discuss why you think attendance has been so robust and how is that end customer financing their purchase and have you seen any issues in that end of the market?
Tom Folliard: You would think there would be some more trouble there but remember that our average car is only a little over $4,000. I really can’t explain it. Our attendance has been very strong. Our attendance in the fourth quarter this year on a dealer to car ratio was stronger than it was in the fourth quarter of last year. There’s clearly still a market out there for that product and the dealers that we are selling to are buying pretty strong from us.  One thing that could be happening and this is sheer speculation is that some of the other sources that these dealers normally go to maybe they are spending more of their attention on us and not spreading their purchases out as much as maybe they would in a more robust environment. We sell 97% of everything that we run so it’s almost an absolute auction. When dealers come to our sale they know if they are the top bidder they are going to get the car. Maybe when there is a choice to be made, should I go to this auction or that auction we hope they choose us and it looks they have continued to do that.
Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: Secondly, I was wondering if you have any significant additions to the consumer offer this year or new product launches. I’m referring to things like internet appraisals, direct internet sales, etcetera?
Tom Folliard: No, nothing that dramatic planned. As I’ve talked about in the past, continued refinements to all aspects of our business are the things that we are most focused on. We’ve obviously made a lot of progress on our website and on the internet. I can tell you that the chances of us doing internet appraisals without looking at cars anytime soon is slim to none. We don’t feel real good about making offers on cars that we don’t get to look at first. I don’t want to say never on that but it’s unlikely that we will do anything like that soon. In terms of delivering the car and consummating more of the deal online, I think we continue to make progress in that area but we don’t expect to be able to consummate the entire deal online this year.
Matt Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: Lastly, regarding CAF can you comment on whether you’ve had discussion with private investors to sell off whole loans?
Tom Folliard: I think Keith has commented on that enough. We are in the middle of trying to get some stuff done here and it doesn’t make any sense for us to talk about all the different alternatives at this time when we are in the middle of trying to get some deals done.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Fox with Fenimore Asset Management.
John Fox – Fenimore Asset Management: I have two questions; the first one is the $855 million in the warehouse you are going to secure some portion of this quarter and the $14 million will be against the gain on sales that you would take on that this quarter?
Keith Browning: To the extent we finance it. We will not be refinance the entire $855 million this quarter because there are requirements for some minimum number of payments before you can turn around and refinance the other channels. The majority of it yes.
John Fox – Fenimore Asset Management: There would be some additional costs assuming the markets don’t change if you secure ties in the second or third or fourth quarter is that correct?
Keith Browning: Right. It’s all contemplated in our forecast.
John Fox – Fenimore Asset Management: You are just breaking out the $14 million on the first securitization finance.
Keith Browning : Because it pertains to originations from a prior year.
John Fox – Fenimore Asset Management: I wonder if you could tell us a little more about the accounting on the discount rate change. Your last sentence in that little paragraph said it affects the timing of income recognition and the adjustment should result in higher levels of interest income in future periods. Could you talk about the amounts and how fast those might be recognized through the CAF income statement?
Keith Browning: I’d say the majority of them will flow through next fiscal year. We do expect a higher level of interest income on CAF next year.
Tom Folliard: That assumes nothing changes.
Keith Browning: The rest will come in in the next couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with CL King and Associates.
Bill Armstrong – CL King and Associates: Your decision to sacrifice some gross margin did that improve inventory turns during the quarter?
Tom Folliard: Strong sales improved inventory turns during the quarter. Whether we attribute that all to giving up the margin I couldn’t say as I said earlier. We had strong sales and I don’t know.
Bill Armstrong – CL King and Associates: When you lower prices on cars did you see them moving faster, another way of asking?
Tom Folliard: Remember we had a couple of different things going on during the quarter. We just talked earlier about the inventory up test so we had some additional inventory that we carried so our turns are actually slightly down this years fourth quarter over last years fourth quarter. Relatively speaking yes, we would think that we would have sold cars a little bit quicker but if you are carrying a little bit more inventory again its relative.
Bill Armstrong – CL King and Associates: Are you still hoping to use the asset backed securities market but you’ve said you are going to have higher debt levels? Do those higher debt levels refer to support your receivables or is this for other capital needs?
Keith Browning: We have $350 million planned CapEx so we are planning on spending more money for our continued growth plan. Currently we are anticipating that we will be having to support our receivables at least the sub-conscious for some part of the year which is part of the reason why we are anticipating a higher debt level.
Bill Armstrong – CL King and Associates: You would be retaining rather than selling in other words.
Keith Browning: Right.
Bill Armstrong – CL King and Associates: Just to clarify, the warehouse facility that’s all balance sheet to you, right?
Keith Browning: Right.
Bill Armstrong – CL King and Associates: Finally, you’re lowering your long term store growth target to the low end of your previous long standing range. Does this imply should we read anything into this in terms of your view of the long term growth prospects of the CarMax business model? Obviously your company has been viewed rightly so as a big long term growth retail story. How should we look at that?
Tom Folliard: I wouldn’t look at it like that at all. We talked about making this subtle change to the way we talk about growth for a long time. It’s totally unrelated to the economic environment. It really is actually, look at our last six years growth its averaged right at 15%. Like you said its long standing, we’ve been saying 15% to 20% for six or seven years. You look back at the last six years I think the actual number is right at 16%. We just wanted to put out a number that more accurately reflected the pace at which we’ve been opening stores and how we plan going forward. Do I expect some year we will have 17% year and another year we’ll have a 13% year because of construction delays and things of that nature, absolutely. We believe 15% is just an accurate reflection of what we’ve delivered on for six years.
Bill Armstrong – CL King and Associates: No change then in your view as a long term growth prospects of the company?
Tom Folliard: None whatsoever.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rod Lache with Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: You said you are taking your money down percentages up for CAF what are you doing to retail rates at this point? Are you slowing down the pace of CAF originations, can you give us some color on what percentage of the business does CAF have and where is that going?
Keith Browning: CAF share of the business has been relatively consistent and quite honestly what’s happened because the spreads have widened the good news is that some of that has been offset by the Feds lowering of rates. Generally all in we are seeing no movement in the market place. We are not moving on our rates to customers either. They tell us on a regular basis with our three day payoffs if we are out of line and so far we feel like we are in great shape and don’t anticipate any major changes but we are obviously watching that on a regular basis.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: Can you tell us where the warehouse stood at the end of March? Is it going up at $200 million a month kind of pace?
Keith Browning: Yes, in that neighborhood.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: If losses do go above the 2.9% to 3% range does that have any implication at all on funding options for you longer term or is that a cost issue?
Keith Browning: I think it’s primarily a cost issue quite honestly. It will be enhancements, the timing of when we get the cash flows should that happen. I don’t think that there is a funding issue based on what we’ve been originating.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: Lastly, you’ve talked before about a 6% organic growth or same store sales growth and an objective that you would need in order to avoid negative SG&A leverage. Can you talk about or give us any color on how you see SG&A playing out this year given your revised same store sales growth?
Tom Folliard: As I said we expect some de-leverage this year and we have said all along we need mid to high single digits to start getting some leverage as long as we are going to continue to invest in our growth plan and our strategic initiatives. This is a year where we are expecting some de-leverage at that comp range. If we deliver above the high end of the range on the comps that we’ve put out then we would expect to get a little bit.
Rod Lache – Deutsche Bank: Any thoughts on the magnitude of the de-leveraging is there anything that you could do to constrain costs in the interim or is that not part of the plan?
Tom Folliard: We are looking to contain costs all the time. We pay very close attention to that but at the same time we are investing in the long term prospects of the business. We are just trying to make the best decision we can each year about how we should spend our money in the upcoming year and that’s what we’ve done this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wachovia.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: I’m a little confused in terms of the $14 million. If you haven’t decided how you are going to fund the business for fiscal 2009 beyond maybe the next month or so with the public securitization is that $14 million related whatever financing you are going to do in the near term? I think you did mention that you factored in the higher costs associated with whatever you choose to do for fiscal ’09. How can you quantify that if you haven’t quite figured out which route you are going to take?
Keith Browning: The $14 million is looking at the most recent public deal that have been out done and anticipating that our costs will be similar to those. If you took the $855 million and looked at the more recent public deals that looked more similar to CarMax from a characteristic and how they got priced that’s what we used to actually go and calculate what that estimate is. It absolutely will likely be different. It could be slightly below $14 million it could be above $14 million depending on what our cost is and what form we take to go finance these.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: Assuming that you have to do multiple securitizations as the year progresses and I realize that may not be the case but assuming that is the case then if spreads widen there would be incremental costs is that how we should interpret it?
Keith Browning : If spreads widen above what the more recent deals have done that will have an impact on CAF earnings. Currently we are basically saying the most recent deals we believe are indicative of where the market will be for the year and that’s baked into our forecast.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: Essentially no spread widening beyond where it is now.
Keith Browning: It’s widened significantly over the last three months. Part of the bits as I indicated.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: Do you benchmark that is that the most recent in the last couple weeks or do you benchmark that at the end of the quarter?
Keith Browning: We used the ones that occurred in March.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: What was the recovery rate for the quarter?
Keith Browning: Recover rate was about 46% or 47%.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: So that’s down fairly materially year over year.
Keith Browning: Correct and obviously that’s baked into our expectations as well.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: Do you have any deterioration from that level or is that the assumed level.
Keith Browning: I can tell you historically we’ve seen recover rates for a year as low as 42% and as high as 52%. If recovery rates were to go to the lowest we’ve seen for any year could that affect us by another couple pennies, yes. Currently the answer is we are always dealing with a depreciating asset and I don’t expect it to be material in any case. That’s why we have that wider range around our earnings expectations because of the uncertainty of the current market place, that’s a piece of it.
Tom Folliard: All these factors that we talk about.
Rich Kwas – Wachovia: Finally, in terms of independent dealers on the wholesale business, any signs that it’s getting more difficult for those dealers to get financing to buy vehicles. Based on your commentary it didn’t seem that way but…
Tom Folliard: I answered a question on that as well I mentioned our attendance at our auctions was stronger this year’s fourth quarter on a per car ratio than it was last year’s fourth quarter. We haven’t seen it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Moore with Aquamarine Capital.
Daniel Moore – Aquamarine Capital: In terms of capital allocation obviously I applaud your decision to continue to invest heavily in your business to continue to build out aggressively new stores and widen the mode of the business. Is there anything that you can envision be it change in environment, stock price, something else that would cause you to revisit how you are allocating cash flow in the near term?
Tom Folliard: I think I got asked this question last quarter and we pay attention to this all the time. This is not something that we look at once a year. We are looking at it every month, every quarter and deciding what should we be doing from this point forward. At this time, taking into account all the things that have happened this year, all the economic uncertainty but also looking at the strength of our business, the strength of our consumer offer, our confidence in our associates, our confidence in our ability to keep building stores in new markets we don’t see any reason to allocate capital any differently right now. We also, obviously like everybody else we hope that this economic environment that we are in is temporary. We are looking at it all the time. If things continue to get worse then we would be more than willing to make the types of decisions we need to slow down if we had to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel with UBS.
Brian Nagel – UBS: With respect to the decision made in the quarter to sacrifice margin to gain sales. In terms of how you went to market with it you guys regularly mark down your cars as they sit on the lot. Is this simply an acceleration of that or did you do something different to advertise lower prices to your customers?
Tom Folliard: We don’t ever advertise, was this and is that in terms of pricing. Generally we let our model flow through. If we are going to go after lower margins then what it really means is when cars are made saleable we are shooting for a lower target at that beginning point. We didn’t go into the inventory and slice margin to do this. We managed our margin throughout the quarter and we did it as cars were made saleable. Once they are made saleable at a lower margin target then that lower margin target flows through our pricing curve. Two summers ago, after Katrina and gas prices spiked we talked about going into our inventory and specifically cutting prices on gas guzzlers and big SUV’s and that was for a specific market condition that we felt we needed to address more aggressively. In this case that’s not what we did.
Brian Nagel – UBS: Is there any way then, as you look at the lower priced vehicles you sold, is there any way to gauge how the elasticity of demand for those cars. What impact this had on your sales which were pretty good in the quarter?
Tom Folliard: There is a lot of speculation around here at CarMax about what the affect is of $100 or $200 but I would tell you that we don’t have enough data to definitively tell you if we move ‘x’ then we will get ‘x’ in sales. Honestly we feel pleased with the results but if you said what would happen if you went another $200 I really couldn’t give you that answer. If you said what would happen if you didn’t take the margin cut, I would be able to give you that answer either.  This is the kind of thing that we are managing on a daily basis. We are not going into this and say this quarter let’s shoot for this, we are looking at it every day, every week and making pricing decision with all the best information we have and trying to do what we think is best for the overall business.
Brian Nagel – UBS: The second question I have, there have been a lot of questions with respect to your credit operations. More from a strategic standpoint, the issues right now seem to be probably near term so you are having to keep more large number of lines in your warehouse facility. At some point, if you look at your business model, is keeping a larger number of loans in the warehouse facility or the inability to secure these loans in a more timely manner, does that affect other parts of your business from a capital standpoint?
Tom Folliard: It hasn’t yet but part of going and expanding the warehouse facility was to give us some more flexibility. Taking the warehouse facility from $1 million to $1.3 billion just gives us a little bit more flexibility. If you are asking have we specifically taken some capital from somewhere else and allocated it over hear the answer is we have not done that yet. We did talk about having a higher debt this year so that is a decision to allocate more capital in this direction.
Keith Browning: We believe that’s related to the extraordinary unprecedented market and that will be temporary and so we think that a few years down the road who knows when we won’t have to make that decision again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Hymowitz with Philadelphia Financial.
Jordan Hymowitz – Philadelphia Financial: On the wholesale side what range in your estimates to you have for wholesale vehicles next year from a high low dollar number in the estimate guidance?
Tom Folliard: Do you mean the price of the car or the margin?
Jordan Hymowitz – Philadelphia Financial: Price of the car.
Tom Folliard: That doesn’t move as much as you might think. It’s a little over $4,000. I think we have it budgeted…
Jordan Hymowitz – Philadelphia Financial: I’m sorry I’m asking the wrong question, I apologize. The gross profit per vehicle.
Tom Folliard: As I said at the beginning we are expecting to deliver flat margins year over year.
Jordan Hymowitz – Philadelphia Financial: Somewhere around $700?
Tom Folliard: I forget if we talk about it as a dollar amount or a percentage. Either way it’s flat.
Jordan Hymowitz – Philadelphia Financial: If there is margin pressure on the retail side might that follow down the line and give you margin pressure on that side as well?
Tom Folliard: Maybe. In this case it wasn’t but I think that’s more reflected in the volume than it was in the margin. We saw our wholesale volume this year did not track with retail. I think that that was more where we saw the impact was on a lower buy rate and lower units through the auctions. I think that’s where we saw that this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Valentin with FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets:  With regards to CAF, the increase loss assumptions in the warehouse, I assume it’s just due to increased seasoning due to less frequent securitizations?
Keith Browning: It’s that and just the overall stress of the economy on our assumptions. As we saw our other pulls exceed our expectations we assumed the same trend that’s going on in the underlying market place will affect what’s currently in the warehouse facility.
Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets: Regarding the cumulative loss assumptions, the increase there, are you seeing any impact, I guess everyone is seeing impact from the housing market, any regional performance issues that you are seeing in terms of the southeast performing worse or better?
Keith Browning: I don’t have that and I’m not sure we’d comment on it if we did. We generally talk globally.
Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets: The stimulus package it’s supposed to get the checks go out in May, do you expect any measurable impact on credit performance there?
Keith Browning: We are actually hoping that we can get some customers to spend that with us and bring their delinquencies down and have a net positive and/or use that to buy a car.
Tom Folliard: We hope some of that stimulus comes our way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Wright with Nicos Associates.
Adam Wright – Nicos Associates: A couple quick questions, you mentioned that AmeriCredit was only 1% of loans in the quarter if I’m not mistaken and you mention that that as if it were higher in the past. I was wondering do last year or even a year ago, how high was it? I’m trying to get an idea.
Keith Browning: I think they had reached the height of 1.5% at some times in the past but like I said more recently it had been 1%. They way we really look at it is what are the unique opportunities that they are bringing to the table and what’s the likelihood of others picking that up.
Adam Wright – Nicos Associates: They were always very low, I was thinking much higher. I don’t know if you explicitly mentioned this but so far the impact of the credit problems has been pretty much confined to CarMax Auto Financing hasn’t it. It doesn’t seem like it has impacted the top line in terms of unit sales, am I right on that? To what extend to you expect unit sales to be impacted by the credit turmoil as opposed to simply funding costs, etcetera going forward?
Tom Folliard: For the year we came in at 3% comps, we set our range at the beginning of the year of 3% to 9%, if you look at the mid point of that its 6%. I think a lot of our miss on sales was related to the economic environment. If you look at the range we set for next year it’s the first time we’ve ever put out a range that the first number is a negative comp number. We are expecting this to still have some impact on our sales. We don’t think it means anything in terms of the long term viability of the business but we absolutely think it has impacted our sales.
Adam Wright – Nicos Associates: I know that when you all took your numbers down during the second quarter call I took that to be people pulling back away from larger ticket items as opposed to not being able to get financing. The difference between economic impact and literally not being able to get financing.
Tom Folliard: We are not anticipating a pull back or the lack of availability on credit to be a material impact, it’s really the broader economic impact that we are forecasting this on for softer sales.
Operator: Your final question is a follow up from the line of Matt Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Two quick things, I don’t think you got this question yet but what do you make of the delinquency trends the prior couple months disclosures. I know that seasonally the data that we tend to get for January and February and mid March tends to be a little bit better. The data that we saw last month seemed like it came down to a greater degree than the seasonal trends would justify. Is that significant in your view?
Keith Browning: The fact that we moved loss rates up in light of even those trends looking better really says that it is largely seasonal. That’s why we put a lot of weight on that. We absolutely focus on what we believe the true seasonality is in coming up with our loss forecast. The fact that we felt a need to increase in spite of the optics of delinquencies looking a little bit better said that we don’t believe that that’s anything other than seasonality.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: One other question, back to the fundamental core business. One of the questions we hear a little bit more about is that as your public full line competition grows out more comprehensive software packages like Auto Exchange, etcetera, that they are starting to get smarter when they come to market. If you could just address what you see transpiring competitively, have you seen any change at all in the efficiency of your competition as they come to market be it on the buy side, be it in terms of pricing or do you feel like the gap that you’ve come to market with historically remain in tact?
Tom Folliard: I think it remains in tact, again we haven’t seen dramatic changes in volumes from the competition. Again our average store sells over 420 cars a month. The average of the public new car dealers if you put it all together on used cars is about 50 cars a month. We have quoted that number for a number of years and it hasn’t moved very much. I’m not saying they aren’t getting better and they’re not doing a little better job but in terms of on a store by store basis we don’t really see it.
Matt Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Nothing in terms of the way they come to market at auction on the sell side or the buy side suggest any kind of real behavioral change?
Tom Folliard: Not that we’ve seen but it would probably be better to ask them. Thanks very much for joining us today and once again I want to thank our almost 16,000 CarMax associates for all you to every day. Our employees are truly our most valuable asset. We’ll talk to you on the next call.
Operator: This will conclude today’s conference you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2007-09-19 09:00:00) =====
Katharine Kenny - IR   Tom Folliard - President, CEO   Keith Browning - EVP, CFO 
Analysts

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-06-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-03-29 09:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Tom Folliard - President, CEO   Keith Browning - EVP, CFO   Katharine Kenny - IR 
Analysts: Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs   Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets   Sharon Zackfia - William Blair   Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners   Rex Henderson - Raymond James   Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates   Edward Yruma – JP Morgan   Chris Struve - Deutsche Bank   Jordan Hymowitz - Philadelphia Financial   Hardy Bowen - Arnhold and Bleichroeder   Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers   Seth Basham - Credit Suisse   James Ellman - Seacliff Capital 
Operator:  At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the CarMax fourth quarter conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Ms. Katharine Kenny, Assistant Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Kenny, you may begin your conference. 
 Katharine Kenny:  Good morning, thank you. Thank you all for joining us this morning. On the call today with me are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Before we begin, as always, please let me remind you that our statements today about the company's future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make relying on the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events. They involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events to differ materially from our expectations. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 26, 2006, and our quarterly and current reports on file with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Tom. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
 Tom Folliard: Thank you, Katharine. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. As you saw from our press release, fiscal 2007 was an exceptional year for CarMax. We closed the year with our second consecutive quarter of double-digit comps. Fourth quarter used unit comps were 12%. For the full year comps of 9% were slightly above our long-term guidance of 4% to 8%.  As a result of these strong comps and our 15% new store growth, total sales increased 16% for the quarter and 19% for the year. For the fiscal year, we reported earnings and EPS near the high end of our most recent guidance. I will remind you that all share and per-share data has been adjusted for our first stock split, which was distributed this past Monday.  For the fourth quarter, net income increased 15% to $42.1 million, and EPS increased 12% to $0.19 compared with last year's quarter. Note that earnings for the fourth quarter include an asset impairment charge of $4.9 million or $0.01 per share related to one of our new car franchises. For the year, net income increased 48% to $198.6 million, and EPS increased 46% to $0.92 per share.  On to sales. Used vehicles revenues increased 21% for the quarter due to 18% higher unit sales and a 3% increase in our average selling price. Our fourth quarter increase in average selling price moderated from previous fiscal '07 quarters due to the rebound in SUVs and truck sales in last year's fourth quarter, which had been adversely affected by the earlier spike in gas prices.  For the year, our average selling price grew 6%, primarily reflecting the higher mix of SUVs, trucks, and luxury vehicles compared with last year. In fiscal '07, we sold approximately 337,000 used vehicles, a 16% increase over '06. We continue to see increased customer traffic in our stores and on the Internet. This, coupled with continued improvements in execution at our stores, positively impacted sales.  We are aware of the recent concerns in the investment community about the potential impact on retail auto financing of credit issues in the sub-prime mortgage market. To date, we have seen no change in the origination behavior of our non-prime lenders. In addition, sub-prime loans financed by Drive made up less than 1% our fiscal '07 sales. As we have said before, the decline in Drive-financed sales last year was offset by increased originations from our new non-prime lenders.  Wholesale revenues remained flat in the fourth quarter. A 7% increase in unit sales was effectively offset by a 7% lower average selling price. This price decline reflects the challenging comparison with the unusually strong wholesale industry pricing in the second half of '06, right after Hurricane Katrina. For the fiscal year, we sold almost 209,000 vehicles through our auctions, an increase of 16% compared with last year.  For gross profit, in the fourth quarter our gross profit per unit increased in every category with the exception of wholesale. Wholesale profit per unit declined by $60, again reflecting the difficult comparison with last year's quarter. We did, however, see an increase in per-unit profits in the fourth quarter compared to this year's third quarter, which reflects our normal seasonality.  We are very pleased with the overall trend in wholesale gross margins, which have steadily increased over the past five years. This evolutionary improvement reflects our continued focus on refining the analytics and execution that support our buying, as well as perfecting our auction processes.  Total gross profit per unit for the full year grew by 7% with increases in every category. Again, we believe that most of our margin growth is a result of the continued refinements we have made to our vehicle buying, reconditioning and selling systems. We continue to get execution improvements every year. In addition, as we stated before, we believe the relatively benign external environment reflected in general economic conditions, interest rates and the new car incentive environment benefited our sales and profits last year.  On to CAF, CarMax Auto Finance also had a very good year. CAF income rose by 25% in the fourth quarter and 27% for the full year. CAF continued to benefit from our sales growth, higher amounts financed, higher loan penetration and an increase in the gain on loans originated and sold. The gain percentage increased to 4% this fourth quarter compared with 3.6% in the fourth quarter of last year. For the year, our gain percentage increased to 3.9% compared with 3.5% last year.  This quarter, we increased our loss assumptions slightly on our most recent securitizations, while at the same time reducing our loss assumptions on some older securitizations. The net effect in the quarter was less than a $0.01 per share.  We have continued to refine CAF's origination strategy, targeting cumulative net losses in the range of 2% to 2.5%, which we believe is consistent with prime rate financing. We remain comfortable with our decision in 2005 to allow CAF to increase its loan penetration in an effort to optimize our profitability and sales. We continually monitor our delinquencies and losses and fine-tune our originations accordingly. While the impact of CAF's credit expansion contributed to the increase in CAF income, we estimate it contributed slightly less than 1 percentage point of our overall comp used unit increase in fiscal '07.  On to SG&A. Our SG&A ratio increased 10 basis points to 10.7% in the fourth quarter. If you exclude higher pre-opening expenses compared with last year and the $4.9 million impairment charge, we estimate that our SG&A percentage would have declined by 30 basis points in the quarter. For the year, SG&A ratio declined 40 basis points reflecting the leverage provided by our comp sales growth.  One note on the tax rate. You may have noticed the effective tax rate for the year increased slightly to 38.6%. The adjustment to get to this higher annual rate flowed through our fourth quarter results, giving us a rate of 39.8% for the quarter.  On to next year. Fiscal 2008 we expect to grow our store base by 17% with the opening of 13 new superstores. We currently project we will open four stores in the first half of the year, including one standard and three satellites; and nine stores in the second half of the year, including four standard and five satellites.  We also plan to expand our car buying center test which we started last year by opening three additional car buying centers, one each in Raleigh, Tampa, and Dallas. This will bring us to a total of four car buying centers by the end of the year, including the one we opened last year in Atlanta.  CapEx. Our capital spending is expected to total approximately $300 million for the coming year. This spending level reflects both the natural increase in planned store openings each year as our store base gets larger, and our anticipation of more real estate purchases to support future development in larger markets. In addition, our fiscal '07 spending was lower than projected due in part to the acquisition of some store sites pursuant to ground leases.  Our fiscal '08 expectations, we expect used unit growth in the range of 3% to 9%. For the long-term, we still believe used unit comp growth will average between 4% and 8%. Total revenue growth is expected to be between 14% and 20% in fiscal '08. This incorporates our expectations for used unit comp growth, new store openings, a modest increase in our used car average selling price, and a continued decline in our new car sales.  We project continued modest improvements in gross profits per unit for both retail and wholesale vehicles. We also expect CAF income to increase, but at a slower rate than our sales growth, reflecting the $13 million of favorable CAF adjustments recorded in fiscal 2007. Provided there are no significant changes in interest rates, we anticipate a CAF gain percentage slightly above the midpoint of our long-term projection of 3.5% to 4.5%. We also expect to begin generating SG&A leverage with the comp used unit sales growth at the midpoint of our comp expectation range. Our SG&A leverage will be affected by planned spending increases to support strategic, operational, and Internet initiatives along with higher pre-opening costs.  Our fiscal '08 EPS is projected to be between $1.03 and $1.14 per share, representing an increase of 12% to 24% compared with fiscal '07. Our EPS estimate includes the effect of an expected 3% increase in our weighted average diluted share count, resulting in part from the recent increase in our stock price and option exercises. Also note that weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the fourth quarter of 219.8 million compared to weighted average diluted shares outstanding of 216.7 million for the fiscal year, already reflects nearly half of the anticipated 3% increase.  Overall, we had an extraordinarily strong year in fiscal '07, with substantial improvement in almost all major elements of our business. While we don't expect to replicate the 48% increase in net earnings, we do expect continued healthy growth in sales, profits and earnings in fiscal '08 as we continue to execute our long-term growth plan.  At this time, I will open the line up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs. 
 Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. I would like to first focus on credit, and particularly on your recent delinquency experience with some of your more recent securitizations. Can you give us a little more color on how those are comparing with your expectations, and how that has evolved? How should we think about gains on sale or adjustments that you need to make to prior assumptions as some of the older securitizations start to roll off and these become a greater share of the overall CAF mix? 
 Tom Folliard:  As you know, the CAF expansion, our plan was to move our loss ratio a little bit higher to maximize profits at the point of origination and throughout the whole profit stream of CAF. So what you see at the end of this quarter is we didn't have anything to announce. We didn't have any adjustment to announce. So that tells you that what we have seen so far is in line with our expectations. 
 Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  I'm just kind of seizing on the point you made about having adjusted assumptions for the more recent securitizations, a little bit higher, while booking some offsetting gains, it sounds like, on some of the older securitizations. So if you are to focus on the more recent ones, then is the deviation from your expectation meaningful or modest, if you could put it in some context? 
 Tom Folliard:  It was very slight and that is why we didn't really have anything to announce. The offset was roughly probably about the same between the two. It was less than a $0.01 per share, so it wasn't anything to report. 
 Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: On the wholesale business, obviously, last year looked like a bit of an aberration. You were pretty candid about that at that point in time. I guess we are reverting to more typical activity here. How should we think about volatility in this business going forward? Do you feel that it was really just a post-Katrina bubble, if you will, in the wholesale business that contributed to that volatility? Or do you think on an ongoing basis this could be a bit unpredictable? 
 Tom Folliard:  Well, I think that the ripple effect from Katrina was somewhat unprecedented in the wholesale business; and we talked about that last year. That is one of the reasons why we thought this year might not compare as favorably. We are pretty pleased with the results that we achieved this year. But I would just tell you that the wholesale business is pretty volatile. It's pretty volatile in and of itself, but then it's also impacted by anything that happens in new car and the used car environment.  What I think is unique about us, and the thing that gives us what I believe to be a huge competitive advantage is how quickly we dispose of all of our wholesale cars. We turn all of our inventory either on a weekly or biweekly basis in every single store, selling almost every single car, collecting all of that data, and then making rapid adjustments in the appraisal lane with that new set of data. So we are adjusting our estimates of the wholesale environment literally on a weekly basis. So although I think there is some volatility, I think we are better positioned than just about anybody else to manage through that. 
 Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: To the extent that there was a bit of a bulge in wholesale business clearly in Q4, it also looks like that was the case in Q1, at what point do you feel like the post-Katrina effect kind of wears off and we can start thinking about an apples-to-apples world again? 
 Tom Folliard:  I feel like now. I feel like going forward from here we probably won't have to mention anything for this year compared to last year that had anything to do with Katrina. 
 Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you so much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets. 
 Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Tom, obviously you and the rest of CarMax have a lot of experience on the wholesale side of the business. What do you guys think of if you have a particular target in mind, in terms of a normalized wholesale profit on that side of the business? 
 Tom Folliard: I'm not sure we have ever discussed that or that we really think about it in those terms. I think what we try to do is evaluate the performance of the wholesale business, but taken in the context of the other areas that we have to manage, because as I have talked about before, they are intertwined and inseparable. So it's very difficult to talk about wholesale and say, well, we are going to drive the profit up to a 22% gross profit; because that will have some impact on sales. So I feel like managing those three things in concert with each other is the challenge that we face every year.  We tried to give some guidance last year about wholesale and said we didn't think we could comp the year last year. You know what we have said this year is we think we can achieve some slight improvements in wholesale. But I don't think we will see that big step function improvement in profits per car or gross profit percentage that we have seen over the last few years. 
 Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: The volume was down, certainly versus what we have seen in recent quarters. Is that just a function of the natural volatility? Or is that kind of cycling through the Katrina? Is there any way to kind of measure that? 
 Tom Folliard:  Yes, that is a little difficult. I think the only way to look at wholesale is over the longer haul. I think it is very difficult to look at on a per-quarter basis because of the fluctuations. I would just say that wholesale, along with CAF, are both attached to the CarMax growth vehicle. As CarMax grows in sales and we continue to attract more consumers into the store they will buy more cars. I think that wholesale unit growth will pretty much track with CarMax unit growth. 
 Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Getting to the financing, as you guys have extended payments, which it seems like that is what happened in the 2007-1 securitizations, are there any major differences in terms of loss assumptions versus what you guys have experienced in the past or budgeted for in your gain on sale assumptions in the past? 
 Tom Folliard:  Well, first of all, in terms of extending terms, one of the things we have said in the past is a lot of the other lenders had already extended terms. We were probably actually just slightly behind the curve in terms of extending terms. But when we extend terms, we model that impact and then we book it into the securitization when we sell it. So whatever impact we think the longer term is going to have on the loss rate, we book it at the point-of-sale with the securitization. 
 Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets:  So is it fair to assume you guys are budgeting for somewhat higher delinquency or loss rates on the most recent securitizations, because of not just moving down the FICO score range, if you will, but also because of the longer terms? 
 Tom Folliard:  I think the terms are one factor in the loss rate assumption planning process, but it is slight. 
 Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: You had mentioned that you made some changes to your loss assumptions for the most recent securitization. Was there any particular one, or was it the most recent couple? 
 Keith Browning:  It was really the most recent one. Really it reflected the mix of customers that we booked in the fourth quarter. We had a lower proportion of what we call our A customers to others. So we moderated the most recent securitization, the 07-1 up to a higher loss rate assumption for that reason. 
 Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, Keith, but no change to the 06-2? 
 Keith Browning:  The other adjustments were very minor, plus and minus through all the others. Like Tom said earlier, they largely offset each other. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia - William Blair. 
 Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: On Drive, I thought that they were expanding their credit parameters to you. Did that impact comps positively at all? It sounds like it wasn't even meaningful. 
 Tom Folliard:  Drive's impact for the year was around 1%. 
 Keith Browning:  And for the fourth quarter. 
 Sharon Zackfia - William Blair:  Then on the most recent securitization where you increased the loss assumptions, did you actually increase that above the 2% to 2.5% range? 
 Tom Folliard:  No. 
 Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: On gross profit per used car, I guess I was surprised that it didn't tick up more seasonally from the November quarter given the comp. So can you talk about what you saw in gross profit per used car and why we didn't see a bigger tick up in the fourth quarter? 
 Tom Folliard: You mean a tick up in quarter over quarter or third quarter to fourth quarter? 
 Sharon Zackfia - William Blair:  Yes, typically you see a bigger sequential pickup and obviously it was down. So just curious as to what happened there. 
 Tom Folliard: I think we had such a strong performance in the first three quarters, margin like wholesale as I talked about earlier is something that we continuously manage on a very aggressive basis, almost weekly. It just ended up that way for the fourth quarter. There isn't any specific thing that I would point out. It was slightly below the increase that we saw in the third quarter, but not outside of what we had kind of planned for. 
 Sharon Zackfia - William Blair:  When you look at fiscal '08, do you think of that gross profit per used car up a percent or two with inflation? How do you think about that? 
 Tom Folliard:  I think we said it is going to be up slightly or modestly for fiscal '08. So we do expect to be able to drive a little bit of improvement out of there, although not at the same level we saw this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners. 
 Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning. My first question is on inventory. It was up a little bit higher than sales growth. I'm just wondering if you could comment on the composition of your inventory right now in terms of mix or brand or age. 
 Tom Folliard:  One thing to note about inventory, the inventory is always a snapshot and it is very difficult to attribute a snapshot inventory for us in terms of what it actually means. Because at any given point in time, we will be building for our additional stores; we opened up our Tucson store today; we open up two stores in Milwaukee next week. So when we look at the percent increase of inventory year over year, part of it is our sales increase and part of it is how many cars are we building for stores that are about to open? 
 Keith Browning:  We also had three stores open very late in the fiscal year, which don't contributes sales but contribute to the overall inventory. 
 Tom Folliard:  That's right. We had three stores open in the fourth quarter as well. So when we look at our inventory increase year over year, it is about right in line, taking in all those factors. 
 Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: That's helpful. Then just to expand on Scot's question on the longer terms in CAF, obviously you are coming in line with where the rest of the industry has been over the last few years. But do you worry about kind of getting into the negative equity game like the domestic auto retailers? Do you worry about lower frequency of visits because you go from 60 to 72 months? 
 Tom Folliard: We didn't go from 60 to 72. We went from 66 to 72. So we really only bumped it six months. If you look at the average life of a loan, that six months doesn't really move the average life very much. So I think that the impact on the repeat purchase or the cycle is slight at best. But the answer is, there is a lot of different factors that we expect from the longer terms, and we factor them all into our expectations. I don't really think that has much of an impact.  In terms of additional risk, since CAF is a prime portfolio, then whatever risks are out there in the marketplace with lesser credit, I think CAF is a little bit more insulated because the portfolio is a prime portfolio. So I don't think we see that impact as dramatically as you might see it in some of the other ones. 
 Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: You are expanding your car buying test, so obviously I would think the first one worked. Can you comment at all on what happened in the Atlanta market after you opened the buying center? 
 Tom Folliard:  The car buying center in Atlanta is on six-tenths of an acre and it is one appraisal location compared with the enormous volumes that we do in Atlanta. So I would say that it worked good enough for us to go ahead and build three more; but I don't think we got a good enough read out of the one to make a long-term decision about the car buying centers, which is the reason why we are expanding the test. It's also the reason why we are still calling it a test.  If you look at the other markets that we're going into, Raleigh, we only have one store in Raleigh, so it is a different type of market. Dallas, we have multiple stores, so it is similar to Atlanta. Tampa, we only have one store in Tampa and one in Clearwater. So we are also not only trying to expand the test but expand it into different markets for us as well, so we can get a read on how the car buying center works in different environments. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rex Henderson - Raymond James. 
 Rex Henderson - Raymond James:  I wanted to return to the wholesale business a little bit. In thinking about this year, I am wondering about the availability of credit for your customers in the sub-prime or in the wholesale business. In relation to that, have you seen any sensitivity of the wholesale business to the availability of sub-prime credit to finance the buyers at the buy-here pay-here dealers? 
 Tom Folliard:  Well, I would say that it is not reflected in our results, as you saw for the year. We thought we would not have the year that we had. We had a better year than we expected in wholesale.  One thing to remember with our wholesale business, our average car is $4,400, the average miles are 110,000; and the average car we sell is ten years old. That is not a particularly great buy here pay here car, on average. So some of those cars that go through the buy here pay here; but some of the other ones are really just kind of the cash-and-carry car, people buying cars without financing because some of those cars are just too old and have too many miles.  At a lot of the buy here pay here businesses, some of them would rather have a little bit better piece of collateral rolling down the road. So I think a portion of the business might have some potential impact, but there is a big chunk of that business that I don't think is impacted very much by it. 
 Rex Henderson - Raymond James: Second question on the guidance. I know you don't give quarterly guidance but would you expect the normal seasonality to return in the coming fiscal year? It seems like the third quarter this year sort of broke the normal seasonal trends. Would you expect that to reassert itself in this year? 
 Tom Folliard:  I think you said it right at the beginning of your question, which is we don't give quarterly guidance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong - C. L. King & Associates. 
 Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates:  Tom, can you discuss the pricing environment currently, both on the wholesale side and what you're seeing from the new car incentive side, and how that may be impacting your thoughts on your '07 guidance? 
 Tom Folliard:  Well, on the wholesale side, I think we have covered that. It is such a dynamic environment, but we manage through it so quickly that we just try to set out best expectation based on the years of experience we have.  On the retail side as it relates to new car incentives, it just hasn't been that volatile an environment this year on the new car incentive side of the house. Not like we saw with employee pricing or the 0/0/0 promotions that we have seen in the past. It is not that there aren't incentives out there; I just don't think they are causing the fluctuations in the marketplace that we have seen in the past.  So as we have said throughout this year, it makes it a little bit easier for us to manage, but in terms of what do we think in FY '08, honestly it's very difficult to try to predict those things. So I have said this before, what we try to do is set ourselves up so that we can manage through whatever might come down the road. The expectations that we set for fiscal '08 reflect what we believe might happen this year. 
 Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates:  Got it. With the wholesale auctions, I think in the past you guys talked about sell-through rates I think in the 95%. Has there been any change in the trend of sell-through rates at your auctions? 
 Tom Folliard:  No, our sell-through rate is actually higher than that, around 98%, and we haven't seen a change in that in years. The reason is because we don't allow it to happen. We sell at that rate, and we do it on purpose. We need the space, and we need to get rid of the cars. It creates a real market value on a full basket of cars. By selling them every time to the top bidder, pretty much every single car that we run through the auction, then we really kind of ascertain what the market is for those cars going forward. As I said, we then make those adjustments in the appraisal lane. So that number doesn't go down, but that is intentional. That is the way we run the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Yruma - JP Morgan. 
 Edward Yruma - JP Morgan: Some of your competitors in the new car market have complained about geographic weakness, particularly in California. Have you seen dispersion in your performance based on geographies? 
 Tom Folliard:  You know, that kind of goes along with the quarterly guidance question. We don't talk about individual markets or individual stores. 
 Edward Yruma - JP Morgan: Just to touch again on the Charlottesville concept, as I understand it, you are not rolling out any other small market stores in fiscal '08. Is that correct? 
 Tom Folliard:  That's correct. 
 Edward Yruma - JP Morgan: Are you willing to provide any kind of initial color on whether it is ramping as you had expected? 
 Tom Folliard:  Yes, I will give a little color. We don't have any plans to do it in fiscal '08; but it's not because of anything that has happened with Charlottesville. Charlottesville has only been open for a few months. We are fairly pleased with the results and my expectation is we will build some more small market stores. It is a little bit of a lead time for us to get any store open. Car buying centers are a little bit easier to get open. It is smaller; the zoning is easier; generally we are finding a gas station on the corner that is up for sale and closed down.  Whereas a small market store, we want to be the same type of high-class retail that we look for in one of our regular size stores. So I expect to open some more small market stores; we just didn't get any done for this year. I would look at that as the same way I look at the car buying centers; we would not make a long-term decision off of the results of just that one store. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Struve - Deutsche Bank. 
 Chris Struve - Deutsche Bank: You talked about raising the penetration in CAF. Do you guys have a long-term target? If I am not mistaken, you have been about 40% recently. Do you have a long-term target for that? 
 Tom Folliard:  That is about the target, right there, and that is our long-term target. I think we have run right around that number for a number of years. You know, that is 40% of sales. It is a big chunk of prime sales. I think it is roughly 80% of prime sales. We always want to have another option for our customers available on the prime side, so that we keep ourselves competitive in the marketplace. 
 Chris Struve - Deutsche Bank: On the service business, it looks like over the last couple years the service business per store has declined fairly dramatically. Is that a function of the maturation of the store base or are there other factors involved? 
 Tom Folliard:  This last year, it is more of a function of 9% used unit comps and the growth in the existing stores. We have always talked about prioritization of our tech and operation resources in the stores. We have always said that used car sales come first. That is really just a little bit more of a capacity issue, which we need to continue to invest in operational efficiencies on the reconditioning side to create additional capacity, so that we can expand on the service business. But it is more a reflection of prioritization of what has been going on in each of the existing stores. 
 Chris Struve - Deutsche Bank: It looks like your warranty per unit has basically been flatline for years. Are you guys seeing any impact from the new warranty programs out of the Big Three extending their warranties into what would be potentially CarMax's timeframe? The three to six-year time frame? 
 Tom Folliard:  I don't think we have seen any impact at all. We sell warranties the same way we sell cars, which is a flat, fixed price. So we're looking at the penetration rate of the amount of cars that we sell. So how many do we attach a warranty to? Then that flat commission kind of flows through there. We are right on plan, and we haven't seen any impact from anything that the Big Three have done. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jordan Hymowitz - Philadelphia Financial. 
 Jordan Hymowitz - Philadelphia Financial: Congratulations on a good quarter. I have two questions. One, on the used vehicles sales line, when you calculate the margins it has been trending down usually throughout the year. Why is the fourth quarter weaker than the earlier part of the year? 
 Tom Folliard:  I think that probably just reflects our normal seasonality of the flowthrough throughout the year. When we come out of the spring and summer peak selling season, we manage our inventories down specifically into the third quarter. Then when we come into the fourth quarter, it is kind of like a tweener quarter for us. We roll into the first and second quarter; it is the rebound quarter coming out of the decline in sales that we see from seasonality in the third quarter. Then we usually see it strengthen in the first and second quarter. So I don't think that that is that unusual for us. 
 Jordan Hymowitz - Philadelphia Financial: You say you changed some assumptions on the older pools; but yet it was only on the newer pools that you said you raised assumptions. So I am just a little confused. Do you specifically take any impairments on pools that have already been in existence or just on the more recent pool you raised the loss assumption? 
 Tom Folliard:  Every quarter, we look at every single pool and every securitization and we make the adjustments necessary based on the information that we have at that point, and then the predictability of all of those going forward. When you see us make an announcement in a quarter for an adjustment, it is the result of all of that. Then, this quarter, we just didn't really have anything to report. Because that generally means that things are about what we thought they would be.  Your question about the specifics, a couple of the older ones, the assumptions went down just slightly and this last one, the assumption went up just slightly. But the offset was, as I said, less than a $0.01 per share and nothing really to report. But that is what we do every single quarter, is we reset every portfolio. 
 Jordan Hymowitz - Philadelphia Financial:  Can you give the gross numbers for both? So even if they net out to zero can you give like the gross write-ups and gross down, or will that be in the Q or K? 
 Keith Browning: The range of our loss expectations is in the K. 
 Tom Folliard:  The range will be in there; but again, the amounts are insignificant. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Hardy Bowen - Arnhold and Bleichroeder. 
 Hardy Bowen - Arnhold and Bleichroeder: Tom, is the Internet traffic ticking up more off of what we have seen in the last six months, or not? Is there anything that we're doing that is new that is clicking, or not particularly? 
 Tom Folliard: Well, we have talked about the continued enhancements we have made on our website and on the Internet. I mentioned that we would continue to invest in those initiatives this year. So that in terms of our focus, our investment, and our thoughts about the importance of the Internet going forward, none of that has changed. If anything, we have enhanced that a little bit.  In terms of what we have seen from traffic and the impact of the changes that we made during the year, I think the biggest thing that we have talked about is going from one picture per car up to nine. That really didn't happen all at once. It flowed through throughout the entire year. I think in the next couple of months, we will start to lap that a little bit. But that is probably the piece that we have seen the most.  Then in terms of what impact did that have on our sales, it really is a mix of Internet traffic, store traffic, and improved store execution. So it is a combination of all three of those things. It depends who you talk to. You could easily make the argument that our enhancements on the Internet are one of the reasons why we are driving incremental traffic. Then there is also an argument that if you handle the Internet and your enhancements properly, then not only will you get increased traffic, but you will get increased traffic of customers who are more likely to buy. So it's very difficult to measure those three things, and they really go together.  As I said, we are pretty pleased with the results. We feel like continued investments and putting some additional resources on the Internet is the right thing to do. 
 Hardy Bowen - Arnhold and Bleichroeder:  I guess after what has happened in the business in the last year, it really looks like a terrific business as it always did, I guess. But is there some idea that we want to speed up the expansion rate, go into more big markets? I guess we are going into Minneapolis, as well as San Diego? 
 Tom Folliard:  On the first part, Hardy, we have always all thought this was a terrific business from going back 13 years, so thanks for recognizing it.  In terms of our expansion, we don't have any plans to change that 15% to 20% store growth. I really and truly believe that a sustained growth plan of 15% to 20% is one of the reasons that we can continue to drive that 4% to 8% average comp sales growth number for a very long period of time.  I think it would be a trade-off to go to 20% or 25% on store growth off of comp sales, because of basically pulling experience and talented people out of our stores. What you see now from us over the last four or five years is a very consistent delivery of that growth plan. What you see baked into our numbers now is continued investment in making sure that we have enough people to deliver on that growth plan.  So in our SG&A we have lots of people working, lots of people on training, lots of people who are really doing jobs that, if we were not growing the company, we would not need those people. However, we continue to invest and we have built a base so that we can sustain that growth plan for a long period time. 
 Hardy Bowen - Arnhold and Bleichroeder: Mix of stores, we're doing a lot more satellites this year, but as we go forward? 
 Tom Folliard:  We think that number is going to be about 50-50, because even when we go into a bigger market, you're going to see some of the stores are going to be satellite and some of the stores are going to be full-size stores. I will tell you, a great example is Milwaukee. We are going to Milwaukee, we are opening two stores next week. They're both satellites. The reason they're both satellites is because we have the capacity to do the production out of our Kenosha store.  So the whole hub-satellite thing is largely driven by real estate availability in the markets that we go into. We are less concerned about which store is a hub and which store is a satellite. We're more concerned about modeling the proper sales estimate out of each of those stores and then making sure that we have the amount of capacity necessary in that market to support those sales.  So you would never have thought we would go to Milwaukee with two stores and they would both be satellites. But because we have our reconditioning capacity in our Kenosha store, we're going to utilize up all of that capacity first. I think that is the best way to grow the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers. 
 Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers: A question on SG&A, if I may. Looking back to a point about a year ago, I remember some of the original thoughts for this past year had been that the business was reaching a point in its maturation where more leverage was going to be achievable. Certainly you achieved that in the past year, and it does sound like your expectations going forward are for some leverage in this coming year.  I was wondering maybe if you could just talk a little bit about where the SG&A came in relative to your expectations, given that you did put up such a great comp over the last year; and how you are thinking about managing SG&A going forward. 
 Tom Folliard:  I think this year SG&A was about probably in line with what we would have predicted with the comp sales that we had for the year. As we talked about next year, we said we would see some SG&A leverage at the midpoint of the range that we set, which is 3% to 9%. So the slight SG&A leverage that we expect there is also taking into account the strategic investments we are going to make in the different areas that I mentioned earlier: the Internet, our continuing to improve our quality, and just continuing to make investments in the business strategically so that we are factoring in the health of the business over the long haul. 
 Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers:  Then, as we maybe think out a little bit further over the next few years, is it fair to continue to believe that the model has reached that point where you could potentially continue to get more SG&A leverage going forward? 
 Tom Folliard:  Our estimate is if we can continue to grow the business with the ranges that we have set, the years when we have the comp sales number in the mid to upper level of the long-term range you will see some SG&A leverage. And if we have some years where it is below that and we can't cover the percent that inflation carries through SG&A, then I think you will see some years where that might not go quite as well. So it is largely driven by comp sales. 
 Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers: Just one more follow-up on the credit side of the business, if I may. Based on your conversations with some of your financial partners, should we happen to see some spreading of the weakness that we have seen among the sub-prime mortgage consumers, what is your initial thought on what the response could be from your partners? Do you have a sense that they could be proactive in trying to tighten some of their standards? How much negotiating leverage do you think you have in trying to keep standards where they are? 
 Tom Folliard:  Because we talk to our partners all the time, and we have said this a number of times and it is still true today, the slice of business that is CarMax for our partners, that portfolio of business continues to outperform other similar slices of business that they book from other car dealers.  We haven't seen any behavioral change at all related to anything to do with sub-prime. In fact, most of our nonprime partners are trying to get more business from us. So their behavior is moving in the other direction that you might think. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Basham - Credit Suisse. 
 Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: Regarding your used vehicle acquisition, has the mix changed at all over the past quarter from auction versus buy at your locations? 
 Tom Folliard:  Not any different. We have some seasonality in that mix, so we have said that we get more than half of the cars that we retail we buy through the appraisal lanes. Other than some seasonality, we haven't really seen much of a change. 
 Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: What about conversion rates at your appraisals? 
 Tom Folliard:  We don't generally talk about that much in terms of specifics. We said we buy roughly one out of every four cars that come through the appraisal lane. We have also talked about having improvements in that area over the last several years. Our expectation is we can continue to tick that up slightly over time. But there wasn't anything dramatic or anything to talk about in terms of that change. 
 Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: Secondly, looking at 2008, you mentioned ASPs are expected to increase modestly. What is driving that modest expectation versus relatively high ASP increases in the last past two years? 
 Tom Folliard:  Well last year, this past year that just went by in particular, it was going on top of the year prior when we saw a dramatic mix shift away from SUV and luxury cars; really anything with a V8 in it. So we sold a lot more compacts last year. This year reflects a return to what I guess you would consider a more normal mix for us, which is a pretty heavy weighting of SUVs, because that is what sells in the marketplace. We saw that moderate some in the fourth quarter because I think we are not lapping quite the change in inventory that we saw the year prior.  So when we look at this next year, we are not anticipating anything like that to impact us this year. We think 3% is roughly what we would see if we have a normalized mix throughout the year. That would be roughly what we would see in the change in ASP. 
 Seth Basham - Credit Suisse: Finally, on CAF, could you maybe discuss a little bit more what you found from your tests when you're looking at the value stipulation? What has worked? What has not worked? Are you going to make any changes in 2008 that are significant? 
 Tom Folliard: I think what we have found has worked, and what you have seen has worked, as CAF has done exceptionally well from a profit standpoint for the last two years, we continue to manage the entire business, again, as a prime portfolio so that the securitizations , we get great rates on those when we go and sell them.  When we look at this next year coming up, we don't have anything to talk about of any significance in terms of a new scorecard, or a change dramatically, an expansion. I think what you will see out of us is just a continued refinement of the entire way that we run the CAF business. So that is how we do originations, what percentage of total cars that sell through CarMax do we book at CAF, how do we manage the interest rates so that we can get the gain percentage that we're targeting. But other than those normal things that we're doing all the time and continued refinements, there is nothing dramatic coming up this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from James Ellman - Seacliff. 
 James Ellman - Seacliff Capital: Just drilling a little bit on some previous questions, could you give us a little bit more detail on the dollar amount of writedowns and in which pools those are taking place? 
 Tom Folliard:  We have given all the detail we are going to give on that. There is just nothing to talk about. It is not a large amount. It is not a significant amount. When we have something of significance, we will report it and we tell you where it came from. 
 James Ellman - Seacliff Capital: Can you just tell us about trends or direction? I imagine that is probably significant, as we are trying to watch the pools. 
 Tom Folliard: The net, it was less than $200,000 of all of that. I am sorry, I didn't hear your question. 
 James Ellman - Seacliff Capital: Just the trends, have they been increasing? 
 Tom Folliard:  Which trends? 
 James Ellman - Seacliff Capital:  In terms of the writedowns that you're taking. 
 Tom Folliard:  Well, if you look at our history over the last couple of years, what we have taken is gain hits over the last couple years. So these last two quarters, not having anything to report means that we are performing along with our expectations. So the trend for the last two quarters is we haven't made an announcement in either direction. 
Operator:  At this time, there are no further questions. 
 Tom Folliard: Thank you very much. We will talk to you after the first quarter. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2007 Q3  (2006-12-20 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Katharine Kenny - Assistant VP, Investor Relations Tom Folliard - President and CEO Keith Browning - CFO
Analysts: Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Rex Henderson - Raymond James Sharon Zackfia - William Blair Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder Brian Nagel - UBS Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners Edward Yruma - J.P. Morgan Chase Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers Willis Taylor- Gagnon and Security
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Third Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Kenny. Ma'am, you may begin your conference.
Katharine Kenny: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you all for joining us. My name is Katharine Kenny and I joined CarMax in late October to replace Dandy Barrett who, as you all know, recently retired. While no one can truly replace Dandy, I am very pleased to be here and look forward to meeting all of you. On the call today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, please let me remind you that our statements today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events. They involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2006 filed with the SEC and our subsequent filings. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Folliard: Thanks, Katherine. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. We are very pleased to report our third quarter earnings, unexpectedly strong as you saw, mostly unexpected, because this is historically our toughest quarter of the year, and because we are coming up against such a strong wholesale and CAF comparison from year ago. As you have read in our press release, our earnings increased 98% to $45.4 million or $0.42 per share compared with $22.9 million or $0.22 per share than last year's third quarter. Total sales increased 24% to $1.77 billion and comp store used units increased 13%. I'll start with sales. First our used vehicle sales benefited from a combination of factors, beginning with of course solid, steady improvement in execution in the stores and robust traffic growth at both our stores and on our website. Used vehicle sales increased 27% which included an 18% increase in total used units sold and the fact that average used car selling prices are up 7%. This increase was primarily a reflection of higher mix of SUVs as we saw in the first and second quarter of this year, also trucks and luxury vehicles compared with the year ago. We also attribute some of the increase in traffic to our web enhancements and the expansion of our internet advertising. On to wholesale, wholesale sales were up 30%. This increase was primarily driven by first the growth in our store base and then particularly strong appraisal traffic in the third quarter. Gross profit compared with last year's third quarter, our gross profit increased in all vehicles categories. Gross profit for both our used and wholesale units benefited from our ongoing car-buying refinements. In addition, our used vehicle margins continued to be supported by our strong sales performance and fewer pricing reductions which resulted in an increase of $140 per unit to $1,898. Our wholesale vehicle gross profit dollars also increased slightly, a pleasant surprise after the unusually strong levels we recorded after Hurricane Katrina last year. On to CAF, CarMax Auto Finance Income increased 14% this quarter, another solid performance especially when you compare it to last year, which included favorable items totaling $6.1 million or $0.03 per share. CAF continues to benefit from our sales growth, expansion in the average amount financed and an increase in the gain on loans originated and sold. The gain spread for the quarter was 4.3% this year, compared with 3.6% last year. This experience was again better than we had projected and resulted from lower funding cost during the quarter. As we do every quarter, we reviewed our loss experience relative to expectations. Losses were modestly higher on our most recent securitizations, as you have seen in our notes, some of which was anticipated. Loss experience on our older pools continued to track better than expected, the net impacts for the quarter was immaterial. We will continue to carefully monitor our loss and delinquency experience. On to SG&A, our results were also positively impacted by better SG&A leverage. Our ratio fell 120 basis points to 10.6% this year, compared to 11.8% last year. Our stock-based compensation cost totaled approximately $0.03 in both this third quarter and last year's third quarter as re-stated. We did benefit this quarter from the timing of roughly $2 million or $3 million of projected relocation cost, which we now expect to record in the fourth quarter. Also remember, the SG&A in the fourth quarter compared with last year will be further impacted by two additional items. First pre-opening expenses, related to three new super stores that we have yet to open, compared to no new openings in the fourth quarter of last year and last year included lower than normal healthcare cost and property taxes. So, on to our expectations, the continuation of our strong performance throughout the first nine months of fiscal '07 has convinced us to once again increase our full year expectations. For the year, we now expect comp store used unit growth in the range of 8% to 9% and earnings per share in the range of $1.75 to $1.85 per share. This represents an increase of 39% to 47% versus last year's restated EPS of $1.26 per share. We continue to expect that stock-based compensation expense will be $0.19 or $0.20 per share this year compared with $0.13 per share last year. Included in our projections are the $0.07 per share of favorable CAF items that we have already reported compared to $0.09 of favorable CAF items recorded in fiscal '06's full year. And as Keith always reminds me, our assumptions always include any unusual weather events in the fourth quarter, I mean exclude, I’m sorry. Onto our growth plan, we continue to be very excited about the sustainable long-term growth plan. We have abundant opportunities for geographic expansion in both, in new large markets as well as mid-sized markets, and opportunities to expand our presence in our current markets. We now expect to open a total of four new stores in the fourth quarter including the Charlottesville store, our small market format, which we opened earlier this month. This will bring our total store openings for the year to 10, representing a 15% increase in our store base for the year. For fiscal '08, we expect a total of 13 store openings, an increase of 17% in our store base, well within our long-term annual store growth plan of 15% to 20%. In terms of timing, we currently project we'll open five stores in the first half of the fiscal year and eight in the second half, but as you know, construction and other delays occur and that could impact the exact timing of these openings. So we'll keep you updated each quarter. Let me take a moment to thank you again for joining us today and for your continuing support of CarMax. I want to thank all of CarMax's associates for their continued hard work and dedication which have allowed us to be so successful, and I'll now open the line up to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Scott Ciccarelli with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: [RBC] markets, they usually mess up Ciccarelli. A couple of questions here for you guys. First is, has there been any change or do you get any sense from any of your financing vendors on financing approvals. We just see kind of what the banks are doing? They are starting to tighten up credit a little bit. Has that been your experience or is that something that concerns you at all?
Tom Folliard: No. I mean so far Scott basically, in good times and bad times, CarMax out performances the rest of [lending portfolios]. And so, quite honestly this is the bread and butter for them and we haven’t seen any impact. And in fact, I think layering on the additional competition has actually helped our performance and they continue to buy us strongly as they ever have and approve us strongly as they ever have.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And have you guys ever disclosed what percentage of your sales come from subprime or is financed by some of your subprime vendors, or help us quantify that in some way, shape, form?
Tom Folliard: We have -- really we only have on one subprime vendor. What we are talking about is our non-prime vendors which are roughly a range of 15% to 20% depending on the time of the year.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you, and then the last one is, you mentioned there were some cost differed from third quarter to fourth quarter. Is there anything outside of that $2 million to $3 million in [realize] any change in the advertising or is that really the only change that we saw in terms of their timing shift?
Tom Folliard: No, that’s really it.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Great, thanks a lot guys.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot and congratulations on a really nice quarter.
Tom Folliard: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: I have a couple of questions I would like to ask you. First of all, as you think about wholesale, can you talk about any metrics you could share about the growth that you are seeing in either hit-rate on appraisals or the proportion of cars that you are now sourcing through your own buy side as opposed to auctions, that would also help us kind of understand the growth in the wholesale business?
Tom Folliard: Well, I think in terms of what we talked about before, we always said that roughly -- that a little more than half of what we retail, we buy through the appraisal link and we ultimately buy more cars than we sell. And as you know, everything that we buy through the appraisal link that doesn't meet our retail parameters is what goes to wholesale. So, we see a big increase in wholesale unit this year, 30% of our -- I mean a 30% of wholesale unit increase over last year. If you look at it for the whole nine months, it's 20% increase compared with the 16% increase in sales. So, we are going to grow wholesale units along with sales, and then we get some additional growth as appraisal traffic grows. And we had a particularly strong appraisal growth number here in the third quarter, which contributed to that.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Is that needle of penetration of the proportions of cars that you sold actually, [buy through] your own appraisal process growing, you have kind of said roughly half or slightly more, is that needle moving meaningful higher at this stage?
Tom Folliard: Yes, it has been moving up pretty steady at a small amount. We have stuck to the more than half. I think when we hit a significant threshold we will let you know of it. There is some seasonality in that too, so it takes really a full year to see where that comes out. We'll see that number move throughout the year.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Out of curiosity, are you more comfortable now buying cars, even though you know they are not going to be kind of CarMax quality cars given the success you have seen in wholesale and the backup?
Tom Folliard: Absolutely.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: If I could follow-up on that Tom, secondly it's your point to wholesale gross profit dollars per vehicle wholesaled hold up exceptionally well against a pretty tough comparing and they actually made the high number for the year. So, aside from kind of the penetration and the volumes, anything in particular helping to support the profitability of that business?
Tom Folliard: Well, we see a seasonal movement in wholesale pricing externally that we see every year. We have been at this for 13 years. I was in the wholesale business for three or four years. Before every fall, wholesale prices drop. Last year, we said we saw a more moderate drop, which makes it an easier -- kind of easier inventory management situation for us. And I think, we saw a similar moderation this year in terms of the drop from second quarter to third quarter, so that’s an external factor I think that was somewhat similar to last year and different than what it normally that may be helped us a little bit this third quarter. But I think it's largely driven by the refinements and how we buy and how we sell, and the attendance that we generate in our auctions, and the customer service that we provide in our auctions, I would attribute more of our strong performance to those factors.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: And then finally on CAF, you yourself made reference to the fact that couple of the more recent securitizations are showing kind of month-to-month metrics that are a little bit off, where their predecessors had been -- I understand then that you are kind of watching those really closely, curious if you have a sense as to what it is about those credits that is causing that to happen, and whether that relates all to, I guess this is the first time in sometime you haven’t had a few of the one time gains from CAF as you've adjusted some of your assumptions upward for gain on sales, is there a linkage between that and then just a little more color if you would on why I think those delinquencies are rising?
Tom Folliard: Much of that is actually planned Matt. We are always constantly trying to figure out how to drive more sales, and we are trying to figure out how to drive more sales through incremental approvals and CAF. And so, some of that is we changed our CAF scorecard which we've talked about a number of times and we have got some additional approvals out of that. So, some of the change in delinquencies, and some of those other metrics are actually planned. And each quarter, we kind of true-up the whole portfolio and make our best projection going forward. So, I think the fact that we didn’t have anything in either direction this quarter is an indication that, I think this quarter went about like we thought they would when we trued-it up last quarter.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: So, you would rather get the incremental top-line than book that penny for CAF if you would rather get to sales, understood. Thanks so much Tom
Tom Folliard: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rex Henderson with Raymond James.
Rex Henderson - Raymond James: Good morning and my congratulations as well on a really spectacular quarter.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Rex Henderson - Raymond James: Couple of follow-up question on CAF and the CAF income, we are seeing some slight deterioration of the delinquency rates, but the spread gain was really very strong this quarter. I am just wondering about where you see that going in the future in light of the credit quality trends?
Tom Folliard: I would let Keith answer that one.
Keith Browning: It really kind of depends on two factors. One, first what does the Fed do, because our cost of funds tries, really actually is geared to what the Fed does and actually tries to guess what the Fed is going to do. And so what happened in the third quarter is where we had made some rate increases at the end of the second quarter anticipating that Fed might make a couple of more moves upwards. The Fed didn’t and in fact our costs of funds softened through the quarter which allowed us to over achieve our expectations. From a quality of earnings as Tom indicated, we've made some conscious decisions that in fact if you were at our Hartford meeting a year ago, we basically said, in hindsight, we were too conservative and we felt like we should be buying deeper. So, we put in a new scorecard, and our goal is to really achieve losses in the range of 2% to 2.5% which we think is very marketable prime portfolio, and we are very comfortable with where we are underwriting. So, the other factor that can affect us is what happens from a competitive perspective. If competitive rates decline then obviously when you look at the gain spread, we may have to react to those. We monitor that regularly based on payoff percentages that our customers tell us how effective we are in setting our rates. So, it could be changes in cost of funds, changes in competitive situation, but quite honestly I don’t see any change in the way we are buying or underwriting because we are very comfortable where we are right now. And I will state that the overall industry has seen an increase in both delinquencies and loss rates and our partners are seeing it, we are seeing it, but we are very comfortable with where we are at right now.
Rex Henderson - Raymond James: Okay. Second question on the unit sale, I thought I heard you say that SUVs were a good category for you. I'm just wondering, what you are seeing in that, is that a big part of why the unit same-store sale comp was so strong. Did you see -- is it pricing an SUVs that is making them more affordable and therefore helping your comp or can you give me some color on that?
Tom Folliard: Well, I think that actually that's more of a reflection of how nimble we are in terms of being able to manage our overall inventory, along with consumer demand. And when you look at -- when I mentioned that earlier on the call, it's really in the comparison to last year the mix of SUVs and luxury vehicles and trucks compared to last year, because there was another consumer reaction to gas prices that impacted us in the third quarter last year. So, we are really just coming around on that, and it's really the comparison of mix this year compared to the mix last year. I wouldn’t say -- I mean that probably contributes a little bit more to ASP than it does to comp sales.
Rex Henderson - Raymond James: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Hi good morning.
Tom Folliard: Hi Sharon.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: How are you?
Tom Folliard: Good. How are you?
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Good. Over the last year it definitely seems like there has been a major inflection point, and the consistency of your business, and certainly and the traffic that you are generating at the stores. Can you talk, and may be let us understand, kind of an order of importance, where do you think that inflection point has come from? Whether it's something you are doing in the stores on an execution standpoint? Whether it's the maturing of the immature stores? Whether it is the shift to more Internet ads and kind of help us figure out what's going on?
Tom Folliard: You have mentioned a few different things there Sharon and it's probably a combination of all. I think from an outside perceptive looking at our performance this year, it looks like an inflection point. But here at CarMax, it doesn’t feel like an inflection point. It feels like just continuous improvement in each of those areas. As we've mentioned in the first two quarters and was also true in the third quarter, the combination of external factors that normally can kind be all over the board, interest rates, gas prices, new car incentives. They have been relatively stable this year. They are relatively uneventful for the whole nine months. That just makes it easier for us to manage through our inventory and manage through the way we deliver the consumer offers. So, I wouldn’t really say there's any one particular thing. I feel like we have gotten a little bit better every year at just about everything we do. And I think what you see in the first nine months is all of those things coming together in what has turned out to be a somewhat favorable external environment for us. There really isn’t anyone thing there.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay. Last year in the second half, we talked a lot about the hurricane impact on wholesale sales and how we shouldn’t expect that to be replicated again. I mean is there anything happening in the first nine months of this year that you would caution us, is kind of unsustainable and we should then expect to benefit you on an ongoing basis?
Tom Folliard: I am not sure I would caution that anything is unsustainable, but what I would remind of is that we are managing the business in total and we are managing it for the long haul. So, we are now looking at wholesale profit in a vacuum. We don’t look at cash profit in a vacuum. We don’t look at gross profit or SG&A in a vacuum. We look at the entire business in as a whole and we look at where we are trying to go for the next five to ten years. We are trying to build the national retailer, we are trying to grow our comp store sales every year and we are trying to continue to invest in the business to continuously improve every area of it. So, each year when we sit down and we try to decide what we are going to do the next year, it's a combination of all those factors and we never look at any one of them and say, lets go drive wholesale profits regardless of the impact it has on something else or lets go drive CAF profit regardless of the impact it has on sales. So, it's been great and terrific for us this year that all of those things have gone exceptionally well, but I would just -- the only caution I'd give you is, as we look at it as total business and where are we trying to go for the next five to ten years.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay. And then my last question. If you parse out mature versus immature stores, are you seeing the mature stores also accelerate and their comp sales or are we mainly seeing kind of an immature benefit kick-in to the comp?
Tom Folliard: I’m not sure of what your definition of mature and immature is?
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: But I think your definition had been over four years.
Tom Folliard: About four or five years.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: According to the white paper several years ago, and however you want to define it define.
Tom Folliard: Yes. Well for the first nine months I would say it has been pretty consistently strong across the whole chain.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: So you have seen an acceleration across the Board.
Tom Folliard: I’m sorry.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: So you have seen an acceleration on the comp stores as well.
Tom Folliard: Well, it's a little bit of an acceleration from a couple of the years prior and this quarter was particularly strong. But we have said 8% to 9% for the year and we set our long-term comps growth strategy -- growth plan is 4% to 8%. So, we are -- it looks like we will come out at the high end of that range this year. But again we're looking at what are we going to do over the next five to ten years. So, this year has been terrific and I think it has been relatively somewhat evenly spread I think across the different types of stores that we have.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hardy Bowen with Arnhold & Bleichroeder.
Tom Folliard: Hey, that was as close as they usually get.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder: Right. It's fantastic. We are going to record that one and repeat it. Do you plan to spend more on the Internet in next year or can you really not spend it anymore, is it not profitable to do so? And do you see this is something that’s very successful?
Tom Folliard: If you have ever worked with a marketing department, Hardy, you can always spend more and I think that’s true on the Internet as well. But we talked about the shift in spend this year away from newspaper towards the Internet. We are pleased so far with the results but it has only been nine months. And I know that feels like a long time, but in terms of really reading the results, it will take a little longer. So, we're heading into the fourth quarter this year. We will evaluating all of our different advertising options for next year and certainly the Internet will be a big part of it. I wouldn’t be able to say right now that we are going to -- what are we going to do for spending, how much is it going to go up? But we're certainly pleased with the results thus far.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder: And I presume that we have more customers coming through the door that are coming off of carmax.com at this point in time. Does this improve the close rates? Do you find that happening?
Tom Folliard: Well again, before we made the shift to Internet spending, each year, more customers who walked through the door had been on carmax.com. So, that’s not like a new -- that’s not a big shift in terms of the customer flow. The customer flow has moved every year more and more towards being internet savvy, more and more towards having done some research before they showed up at the store and we've seen that continue along and that was one of the main reasons we shifted our advertising. In terms of whether or not that improves the close rate, we have a number of different things that we're always working on, I think that’s one of the factors that helps.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder: Do you think as we spread units out across the country and have more the customers coming off the internet, the locations or the volume is less sensitive to a great location than it was three years ago, or do you think that’s not the case?
Tom Folliard: I wish that was the case because then we could go by cheaper sites, but I am not sure that will ever be the case. I think location is always important when you are a retailer, and I think it will continue to be. But if we -- it's not always easy to go and build a big huge used car store. It's not easy to get zoning. So, we have some locations that are less than ideal because that was the only thing we were able to get. So, one of the things we are able to do is, is try to kind of assess what we think would be A plus locations and what we think are kind of B and C locations that we already have in the chain and look at the results there and see if that shifts with movement towards the Internet and maybe that will help us with site selection going forward. But, I think, if we had our choice we would take great a site ten times out of ten.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder: Do you think about acquiring property farther ahead of time at this point in time and try to move the expansion rate up, Tom, over the next couple of years?
Tom Folliard: Well, I think, we have to buy property ahead of our expansion plan just because it's such a long process to get a store open between finding a site, making sure the zoning is in place, getting the store built. That’s a two to three year process for us. So, we don't have any plans right now to increase the speed at which we expand. But in terms of being out in front of it, we have got to be three to five years out in front anyway just to deliver the plan that we have.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder: Right. Okay, that’s a great result.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Brian Nagel with UBS.
Brian Nagel - UBS: Hi, good morning.
Tom Folliard: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Nagel - UBS: Congratulations on a very good quarter. My question pertains to sales trends, if you could just comment upon maybe the comp trends through the quarter as well as give us some highlights geographically how you may have performed in different regions of the country? Thank you.
Tom Folliard: We are not going to give any flavor to the quarter. We are going to talk about the quarter in totality and not month-to-month, and we have never discussed our regional performance.
Brian Nagel - UBS: Okay. I'll try my second question. How would you -- as you look out at the competitive environment, how would you characterize it right now versus prior years, particularly with respect to some of the traditional new car dealers that are selling used cars?
Tom Folliard: I would say that it is not really much different. If you look at our comp performance again for the first three quarters of this year, if you look at our comp performance compared to the average of the publicly traded, of the five or six public new car guys, we have continued to gain share regardless of the environment. I think we have built a business that performs well regardless of the external factors that we face, and I think that’s been true again this year. So, competitively I don’t think we have seen a huge difference out there. And if we do, it is regional or it is on a location-by-location basis and it's not consistent across any one competitor nationally.
Brian Nagel - UBS: Okay, congratulations again and good luck for the coming quarters.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Armstrong with C.L. King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Good morning, I'll also add my congratulations. I guess one surprising metric was your wholesale -- your gross profit for wholesale vehicle being up from a big quarter a year ago. How do you think you are able to do that?
Tom Folliard: Well. As I mentioned earlier, I think the external wholesale environment was somewhat favorable this year for the second year in a row. So I think that’s one piece. But again, I would just attribute it to -- we continue to get a better understanding of how to buy better in the appraisal link and we continue to refine our in-store auction process and I have talked about this before. The auction business is a customer service business. It’s a different set of customers than what we see in retail, but those customers have choice and I think we are the best choice out there for the customers that look for the type of product that we sell. We survey our customers every year and we try to see how we are doing from a customer’s service perspective. Our attendance is the highest ratio in the industry with one dealer roughly for every two cars that we run compared to around one for every six. Our flow of units has been extremely consistent, if you go to one of our sales whether it’s a bi-weekly auction or a weekly auction, we have a consistent flow of inventory through there. We run a 98.5% sales rate through our auctions, so if you are the top bidder you get the car. And all of those things together over a very long consistent period of time, I think have contributed to us getting better and better and better at that business. We have talked a bunch about this quarter being a tough comparison and we have talked about it at the beginning of the year and said we didn’t think we would be able to comp it. So, we are very pleased that we're able to do that, and I think, it's just a reflection of the -- again the refinements in our business and how good we have gotten at it.
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Your fourth quarter gross profit for wholesale vehicle comparison is even more difficult. Are you expecting a year-over-year decline in that figure?
Tom Folliard: The fourth quarter actually historically is usually our best quarter in wholesale. One of the reasons we are so nervous about the third quarter this year is because generally the third quarter is our worst quarter in wholesale and that we kind of bucked the trend last year with a good quarter, we are pleased to do it again this year. But the comparison in the fourth quarter is actually less -- makes us less nervous than the comparison did in the third quarter because that has historically been our best quarter.
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Right got it. Did you do any step-up in marketing in order to drive appraisal traffic during the quarter?
Tom Folliard: No. We are in the same marketing program. We are always testing different things in marketing. So, when I say no, that we are always running different types of things on the Internet, different things in terms of points of TV and how much radio we run, and we are always dividing stores into different categories and running them for lengths of time to see what the impact is, and this quarter was no different than any other in terms of running all those tests. But in terms of a specific up-test in appraisals, no.
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. As far as subprime and non-prime customers, was there any material increase in sales to those customers that might have accounted for some portion of that 13% comp that you'd generated?
Tom Folliard: Did you say subprime and non-prime?
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Yes.
Tom Folliard: Subprime as we said earlier is --
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Was the (inaudible) financial business generated from those kinds of customers that helped contribute to that big comp store increase that you had?
Tom Folliard: No. It was -- it's a spread across prime and non-prime and as Keith mentioned earlier, we virtually do know subprime whatsoever.
Keith Browning: And in fact, subprime was down 2% for the quarter. We think that was largely offset by our non-prime lenders that we added during the years. So, the truth is that is fairly consistent.
Tom Folliard: Right, that's a good point. If you remember we've talked about drive a bunch over the last two years. The drive's comparison which is really the only subprime offering that we have in the store, this year's third quarter compared to last year's third quarter we were down 2% on drive. So, but as Keith mentioned, we think we largely made that up in the other non-primes.
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. Are you looking to replace drive and try to get some more of that subprime business?
Keith Browning: We are still testing with drive. But we don’t -- we haven't identified any other subprime lenders at this point.
Tom Folliard: The only other thing I would add is, we are always looking to add to the offering for our consumer, and so we are looking at any alternative available to us to add an additional lender that can add incremental approvals to the consumer.
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Right, how many non-prime lenders do you have now?
Tom Folliard: Six.
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Six, okay. Last question, gas prices, look like they are starting to creep up again, do you have a lot of SUVs and trucks in the inventory, and do you have any concerns regarding that, those high gas guzzler type of vehicle sales going forward?
Tom Folliard: Well, we always have a lot of SUVs and trucks, we kind of have a lot of everything and I think what's been great is I think we have proven that we can manage our inventories through almost any environment, and it would take an awfully big spike in gas prices for us to think that it would have an impact on inventory mix, the way it has in the past. I think what we saw after Katrina the first time, when we had a really big spike in gas prices, and we saw a dramatic impact on our mix. Since then, the fluctuations in gas prices have been far or less impact-full on our actual mix of sales. So, even if they creep up just a little bit, I just don’t feel like the consumer is going to respond as dramatically as they did in the past.
Bill Armstrong - C.L. King & Associates: Okay. Thanks and good luck for the fourth quarter.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Nemer with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning everyone.
Tom Folliard: Good morning.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning. A couple of questions. First, can you -- the change in Internet traffic, is that attributable to AutoTrader and cars.com or is that more page search, or how can you -- can you help break that out for us?
Tom Folliard: We haven't -- we don’t attribute it the -- we haven't broken down the increase specifically to those different categories. Before we shifted at the beginning of the year, we had pretty good traffic increases on our website. Our website now gets over 4 million hits a month, and that has increased during the year, and I’m sure some of it is attributed to AutoTrader.com and cars.com but some of it's also Google and Yahoo! So, I think is a combination of all those factors. But I would like to point out the number one source of traffic on our website is people going on and typing CarMax directly in. Far and away that's the biggest source of traffic, and we've seen that piece increase as well.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay and then just to follow-up to that, I’m sure you track your marketing cost per vehicle's retail. I’m just wondering how that’s trended and maybe give us some context of how that compares to what you're spending at your new vehicle stores?
Tom Folliard: Yes. I don’t think we've talked about cost per vehicle.
Keith Browning: Please see it at the Annual Report.
Tom Folliard: Please read the Annual Report. We didn’t -- when we talked about the shift this year, it was more of a shift in spend not an increase in spend. And what we had planned for the year was to run our cost per car sold roughly flat for the year. We are probably, I mean I haven’t actually looked at it, but I'd say we might be just a tad ahead of that because of the big comp number this quarter. But in terms of what did we expect for the year, we expect it to run flat.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. And then moving onto the wholesale business, have there been any change in buyer fees in that business?
Tom Folliard: I don’t recall it for me to change this year. But I'll just tell you that we run a Buy Fee program that's very similar to any other auctions, so it's graduated based on the price of the car, and as the external competitive environment has moved, we've kind of moved along with it. So, every year we evaluate that fee and we make some subtle adjustments on different categories of car, and I think we've had a slight increase this year, but it's not been dramatic.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, and there is no -- there aren’t, have you been adding any ancillary services there or is it still pretty basic, sell the car, there's not transportation or other add-on fees, are there?
Tom Folliard: The one thing we have added Matt is, we have our finance source available for wholesalers. It's called AFC and it's an arm of ADESA Corporation and they are available in almost everyone -- I think they are available on every one of our auctions. So, dealers can sign up and get financing on wholesale product lines. Its not that they didn’t have those sources available to them before, they just weren’t available on-site, we didn’t have the funding set up as easily between us and ASC and we've made a lot of refinements in that over the last two years. And AFC is a great partner for us and they have done a great job. So, that’s one change, but that has really been kind of slowly coming over the last two years. It's not a dramatic thing that changed this year. That’s the only other offering we have other than the great service and the 98.5% sale rate that I mentioned earlier.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. That’s helpful.
Tom Folliard: We’ve always given free donuts.
Tom Folliard: Is it fair that to say that the price stability has been driven somewhat by the change in the way the model your change ever happens? I think it seems like it's less pronounced in the back half of the year that OEMs are now introducing new vehicles all year long. It's not a seasonal.
Tom Folliard: You mean for wholesale pricing?
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes.
Tom Folliard: Yes. I think that might be a factor but I wouldn’t plan on it again next year. I just -- I feel like every fall, prices drop and I think they will again next year. And its not that they didn’t drop this year, it was just a little more, a little less precipitous than it normally is. So, I think that has kind of offset it, somewhat but I still expect the fall to be a drop-off in wholesale pricing as we see every year.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. And then my last question is with regards to the Atlanta buying center, now that’s been open about half a year. Can you give us any flavor as to how that’s doing? Whether you will open more, may be the impact it's having on the local, the others stores in that market?
Tom Folliard: Yes. Six months still isn’t a very long time for us to really read incrementality of the appraisals and purchases we are getting to the store, largely because we have such a big presence in Atlanta with our other four stores. But on the last call, I said, we are going to open two or three more of these things before we really make a decision about the long-term viability of the concept. So, my guess is we will get a couple more opened next year. We haven't announced it yet, but we have announced where they will be, because we are still -- we are working on a number of different options. But in terms of making a long-term decision about the car buying center, we are always away from that. But we are pleased with the result of Atlanta so far.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Thanks very much and happy holidays.
Tom Folliard: All right. Same to you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line Edward Yruma with J.P. Morgan Chase.
Edward Yruma - J.P. Morgan Chase: Hi. Congratulations on a great quarter.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Edward Yruma - J.P. Morgan Chase: I was wondering if you can give us a quick update, I believe the testing in your hybrid production system? Have you been able to ring cost out of the system and do you expect to roll that out in other stores?
Tom Folliard: What do you mean by that?
Edward Yruma - J.P. Morgan Chase: I believe where you are making I guess certain service steps specialized in specific areas, you were testing at Laurel, I believe?
Tom Folliard: Yes, well actually not at Laurel, but we are doing a number of different things in terms of continuing to improve efficiency through our reconditioning process. And again that's a continuous process for us. We will be working on it for the rest of our life trying to improve quality, reduce cost and do it faster and do all those three things at the same which don't always go very well together. So, we don't have any specific results to report out of that. I'll just tell you that in terms of those three things speed, quality and cost reduction, we will always be working on those three things, and I think we have made significant improvements since we started and I expect to continue to make improvements over time.
Edward Yruma - J.P. Morgan Chase: Great, thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Thomas with Lehman Brothers
Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. First of all I would like to add my congratulations as well. It has really been a great year for you all.
Tom Folliard: Thanks Brad.
Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers: I just wanted to get maybe some initial thoughts on 2007, in particular, maybe if you could talk a little bit about, the possibility for more SG&A leverage and then what kind of opportunities you think you still have on the gross profit per vehicle fronts?
Tom Folliard: We will talk about 2007 at the end of this year.
Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers: Okay, fair enough. Maybe just one last question on 2007, if possible in terms of the store openings, can you give us a sense if you think it will be skewed or more of a balanced opening schedule?
Tom Folliard: I think I have said -- that is actually eight in the first half and five in the second half or five in the -- five in the fist half and eight in the second half. But I would caution you, we tell you what we expect for the year, we expect 15% to 20% store growth, but I will reiterate what I said about the business in total. We are looking for 15% to 20% store growth for the next 10 years and if things more around during the year, or they move from one quarter to the next, that is not as important to us as it is to deliver the consistent sustainable growth that we talked about. So, we told you what we think is going to happen next year, I fully expect there to be some movement within the year, as there always is with constructions and delays and weather and all the other challenges that we face.
Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Well, all my other questions has been answered and congrats again.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Willis Taylor with Gagnon and Security].
Willis Taylor- Gagnon and Security: Hi, I was wondering if you could talk about how you are bringing together all the different types of adds that you are doing to build your brand over the long term and how your ability to do that will change as you grow in size?
Tom Folliard: Well, one of the things that I think you try to do as a retailer is have a consistent theme throughout all the different mediums of advertising, and I think we have tried to make some progress there. So, if you look at the messages that we deliver, so if we are trying to deliver a ''we buy cars'' message, or a ''money back guarantee,'' or a ''big selection'' or ''guaranteed quality,'' you'll see that theme kind of woven throughout. If we are running radio, and we are running a little bit of TV, and we have the internet going, and we have some -- if we have print in some markets, you will see consistent theme throughout that. We’ll also try to carry that theme in to the store with our store signage. So, over the course of a three-month period, you may see that theme match up in the stores. But in terms of bringing it all together, we have a consistent set of messages that we try to deliver and we try to match them up across the different mediums. I hope that answers your question.
Willis Taylor- Gagnon and Security: Yes, that’s helpful, and you are doing regional advertising in some areas now?
Tom Folliard: Well, all of our advertising is regional. We are not a national advertiser yet. So everything that we -- every type of program that we run is specific to the market that it is in. So Richmond could be run in a different program than rally is, and what we’ll do is kind of lump together a set of stores not necessarily by regions, but by a number of different factors and run a similar program. So, we maybe running in terms of a broad program a number of different programs divided amongst the 74 stores and we’ll do that consistently for several months so that we can read the results and see if some combination of factors helps drive traffic and sales.
Willis Taylor- Gagnon and Security: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Are there any closing remarks?
Tom Folliard: No, just happy holidays to everyone. I want to once again -- I know we have lots of CarMax Associates on the call, I want to thank all of you for your hard work and dedication, and we will talk to you next quarter. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2006-09-20 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Tom Folliard - President, CEO Dandy Barrett - Assistant VP IR Keith Browning - EVP, CFO
Analysts: Matt Nemer -Thomas Weisel Partners  Sharon Zackfia - William Blair  Edward Ahruma – JP Morgan  Mark Johnson - Principal Global Investors  Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities  Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets  Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs  Michael Novak - Frontier Capital  Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers  Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates  Hardy Bowen - Arnold & Bleichroeder 
Operator: Welcome to the CarMax second quarter earnings release conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Dandy Barrett, Assistant Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Barrett, you may begin.
Dandy Barrett: Thank you, Heather, good morning. Thank you for joining us this morning. On the call today are Tom Folliard, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, please let me remind you that our statements today about the Company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make relying on the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events. They involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2006, and our quarterly and current reports on file with the SEC. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Dandy. Good morning, everyone. Well, as you've probably seen by now, we had a pretty good second quarter. I'll start with earnings. Our earnings increased 44% to $54.3 million, or $0.50 per share compared with $37.6 million, or $0.35 per share in last year's second quarter. This year's quarter also includes $0.04 per share of CAF favorable items. Total sales increased 18% to $1.93 billion and comp store used units increased 7%.  As for sales, we had pretty solid store execution, plus increases, increased traffic in both our stores and on CarMax.com. All of that contributed to a very strong sales and earnings growth in the second quarter. I'm very pleased we were able to accomplish this on top of a tough 10% comp comparison from last year. Total used vehicle sales revenue increased 23%, including a 15% increase in total used units, 8% of that from new stores and 7% from the comp sales increase I mentioned earlier. Our used car average selling price were up 7%. This primarily reflects a higher mix of SUVs compared with last year, which is similar to what we saw in the first quarter. Wholesale sales were up 17% in terms of units, primarily driven by our expanding store base and an increase in appraisal traffic. Our new unit sales declined, which is reflective of the softer new car industry trends and our conscious decision to sacrifice some sales and try to improve our new car margins. In terms of gross profit, compared with last year's second quarter, used vehicle gross profit dollars increased by a little more than $100 a unit to $1,963. Similar to the first quarter, we saw a benefit from a strong steady sales performance across the quarter, which meant that we took fewer markdowns to be able to move our inventory; very similar to what we saw in the first quarter. Our wholesale vehicle gross profit dollars, excuse me, increased by about $120 per unit to $699. I think that's really reflective of the last couple of years for us. We've benefited from continuing refinements in both our car buying process and increased efficiencies in how we run our in-store auctions and we've been talking about that for a while. Our wholesale gross profit per unit was down slightly from the first quarter, reflecting a little bit more of a normal seasonal moderation in wholesale pricing. On to CAF, CarMax Auto Finance income increased 53% and there were several contributing factors to that, including the growth in our total sales and in our managed receivables and an increase in the average amount financed occurring in conjunction with the rise in average retail that we mentioned earlier.  Additionally, the recent pause in interest rate increases have also helped us, allowing the gain on loans originated to improve to 3.9% from 3.3% in last year's second quarter. We also recognized a $0.04 per share benefit from lowering our loss rate assumptions. As many of you know, we've lowered our loss rates several times in the last two years. The receivables have continued to outperform even our lowered assumptions, however, requiring us to make this adjustment once again. For SG&A, our SG&A ratio was down slightly this quarter, 10.4% from 10.5% last year and as expected, we absorbed a roughly 30 basis point increase related to higher stock-based compensation costs. The increase largely related to the accelerated vesting of Austin's options upon his retirement. These options accounted for $0.03 of the $0.08 per share of stock-based compensation expense in the quarter. Well, given the strong first half of the year and the fact that's all behind us, we believe it's appropriate to update our full year expectations. We now expect for the full year, comp store used unit growth in the range of 6% to 8%. If you remember, at the beginning of the year, we said 2% to 8%, so we're tightening that up a bit. Earnings per share in the range of $1.55 to $1.65 per share. This represents an increase of 23% to 31% versus last year's restated $1.26 per share. Stock-based compensation expense is expected to be $0.19 or $0.20 per share this year compared with $0.13 per share last year. Please remember our earnings comparisons are much tougher in the second half of the year and we have not assumed that earnings growth continues at the same pace it did in the first half. In particular, we expect wholesale profits will be a little lower in the second half of this year compared with last year. You may recall we benefited from some very unusual conditions in the second half of last year, which at the time we said we didn't expect to repeat. Last year's second half also included $0.06 per share of CAF favorable items, which we also don't anticipate in the second half of this year. Finally, SG&A leverage will be very difficult to achieve in the fourth quarter. We'll be cycling unusually favorable healthcare costs and property taxes from last year's fourth quarter, and we also expect pre-opening costs to be significantly higher, as we are opening five stores in this year's fourth quarter versus no openings in last year's fourth quarter. As is always the case with us, we have assumed that we don't experience any particularly unusual winter weather events in the fourth quarter, which can cause some turbulence, as all of you know. In terms of our growth plan, we remain on track. We now expect to open six stores in the second half of the year, most of which are scheduled to open in the fourth quarter. This will bring our total store openings for the year to ten, representing a 15% increase in our store base for the year. The opening for our third store in the Charlotte market, the Gastonia store, has slipped from Q4 this year into Q1 of next year, due to normal construction delays. Now, before I open it up to questions, I have an announcement I'd like to make. Dandy will be retiring next month, and I would just like to thank Dandy. I know I speak for Keith and everyone else at CarMax when I thank Dandy for her innumerable contributions to CarMax. She has been with CarMax and Circuit City for a combination of eight years, came over to CarMax full-time in March of '01; has been instrumental in the smooth spin-off from Circuit City, which was completed in October of '02 and has just been an incredibly valuable member of the team and a huge piece of CarMax's success. I just wanted to take this time to thank Dandy with all of you on the call, many of you who know her very well.
Dandy Barrett: Tom, thank you very much. I can say only that it's been my privilege after having worked for, during my career, five Fortune 500 companies to have the very best be my last experience. That's due to the team here at CarMax – sorry. As well as having the privilege of working with all of you out there, it's been my pleasure. Thanks.
Tom Folliard: You're welcome. We had a little bet whether Dandy would make it through that.
Dandy Barrett: I lost.
Tom Folliard: Okay. We'll open it up for questions. Thank you very much, Dandy.
Operator: Your first question comes from Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning, everyone. First question is, I'm wondering if you can help explain the disconnect between your comp performance, which has been exceptional and industry data? The CNW, the marketing, the auctions are also suggesting that demand at retail is weak. I think CNW is saying that used vehicle sales are down double-digits. Just wondering if that's share gains or if it's the markets that you're in, or your product mix?
Tom Folliard: Matt, I think it's probably a combination of many of those items, but the biggest piece that we have focused on is setting up our business to outperform the industry regardless of the macro environment. I've talked about this a little bit. Last year when the manufacturers came out with all their big promotions -- and, obviously, that was a huge impact on just the car business in total -- and we were able to still come out with 10% comps. This year, it wasn't that the manufacturers didn't try to move the needle once again, it's just it didn't flow through to the consumers as it did last year and once again, we were able to outperform. I think it's just a testament to the CarMax consumer offer being superior in the marketplace and I'm very pleased we were able to do that. I think our goal long-term is to continue to set our business up in a way that we can outperform whatever the environment happens to be from a macro level.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Second question, clearly the wholesale profit move, it seems sustainable. I guess I'm wondering if you could reiterate or take us through again what the major factors are in that business that have changed over the last year or two?
Tom Folliard: Well, I think one of the things is that it's been more of a smooth and steady increase in wholesale performance, I think, than many people believe. If you look back at our reports over the last three or four years it really shows up in the numbers that this has been a steady improvement, not a step function increase at any one point in time. Excluding the third and fourth quarter of last year, which we said were exceptionally high. I think the biggest reason for our wholesale improvement is we've made continuous improvements in the way we deliver the consumer offer and buy cars on the front end of the process and I think we've gotten more efficient at that. I think we have been able to continue to increase our buy rate over time, but at the same time, really figure out which cars have a little bit more tolerance in terms of the offer.  And then more importantly, we do an outstanding job running our auctions. We have the highest attendance ratio of any auction company that you could find out there. Our average attendance is for every two cars, we get one dealer. So if we run a hundred cars at an auction, we get an average of about 50 dealers to show up, which really maximizes the amount of money we can generate for a car, then we're able to manage that back into the offer. Our product is very consistent in the auction. Our average sale price is around $4,000. Our average miles are over 100,000. It's a very consistent delivery of product on a very regular basis. Our customer base of dealers, they're used to coming to our auctions on a regular basis, they know exactly what to expect out of us. Although we run what's called a red light auction or an as-is auction, we make as many announcements as possible about what we know about those vehicles, and I think the customers that come and buy those cars from us are very confident in the product that they buy from us. We have an extremely high sale rate. We sell about 98% of what we run through the auctions so they know if they come and they bid on the cars and they're the top bidder, they're going to buy the car and that just generates a lot of revenue there in the auction. I think what we've gotten continuously better at is the ability to get a better price realization, but at the same time be more efficient in buying those cars up front. So it really isn't any one item. I think it's a combination of all those things and it's the continuous improvement that we've piled on over the last five or six years.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Last question and then I'll let somebody else hop in. On the expense front, it seems like the leverage was held back by something. Is that the expense items that were shifted from the first quarter into the second, or what's behind that?
Tom Folliard: No, it's not really, and in comparison to the first quarter, I think we had a 50 basis point improvement. This quarter if you subtract out the 30 basis points I talked about earlier, we have a 40 basis point improvement. So it's similar apples-to-apples to the first quarter in terms of the SG&A leverage. So when you subtract out those 30 bips, it's not really that much different. There isn't really one item in there, and in terms of the timing of the expenses we talked about in the first quarter, that's really more into the second half of the year and not so reflective of the second quarter.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Great. Congratulations, and Dandy, you'll be missed.
Dandy Barrett: Thank you very much.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia - William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Hi. Good morning. A couple questions. Can you update us on how the new stores are doing as a class in terms of their productivity and how they're hitting your model or where they're falling? And then I think there have now been a couple of stores that have blown into next year, if I'm not mistaken, so are we going to look at new store growth closer to 20% next year than 15%?
Tom Folliard: We haven't announced that as of yet and I think it's only one store that moved. Is it one or two?
Dandy Barrett: One.
Tom Folliard: It's really just this one store that's moved, Sharon, so our range holds true, the 15% to 20% store growth. We'll expect to deliver that again next year even though Gastonia slipped, I don't think that will push us over. It may go up from 15% to 16%, I'm not really sure, but that 15% to 20% range holds true. What was the first part of the question?
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: The new store productivity.
Tom Folliard: As we said in aggregate, we're pleased with the new store performance. They are in line with our expectations as a group.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Then maybe separately, can you give us a broader update on the Internet initiatives and what you're seeing in terms of the shift of marketing dollars there and how it's impacting your business?
Tom Folliard: Well, I still think it's a little too early to tell on that. It's only been six months since we've done the shift. Obviously, we're pleased with the results so far. I talked about both the improvements in traffic on the web site and through the store. So, you know, the biggest thing for us is when somebody gets on our web site and are we able to educate the consumer on the web site and are we able to get them comfortable enough that it turns into a store visit? So a lot of what we have to track in terms of the change in shift in advertising is that conversion rate, how many people go on the web site; and of those, how many show up at the store? And then of the ones that show up at the store, what's the quality of that customer? So it takes a lot longer than six months really to measure that. I mentioned that we're pleased with our traffic increases and we have seen a traffic increase on the Web and we've also seen a traffic increase flow through to the store on a small percentage basis. So I'd just say so far we're very pleased with the results, but it's a little too early to really start putting specific numbers on the result.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: How about the Auto Trader relationship?
Tom Folliard: Well, it's kind of all in the same package. When I'm talking about the changes we've made in Internet advertising, as we've talked about, we put all of our cars on AutoTrader.com and all of our cars on Cars.com and those events both happened at the same time. For the last couple of years, we've been pretty heavy in search engine advertising on both Google and Yahoo!. The difference this year is when we went to AutoTrader and Cars.com, we pulled largely out of newspapers. When I'm talking about the Internet and its impact on the business, really all those things are happening at the same time, which makes it a little bit more difficult to read.
Sharon Zackfia - William Blair: Okay. Good first quarter, Tom. Dandy, have fun in Savannah.
Dandy Barrett: Thanks.
Tom Folliard: Thank you, Sharon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Ahruma – JP Morgan.
Edward Ahruma - JP Morgan: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to discuss a little bit some of your initiatives on the sub-prime business. I know that you mentioned that sales have declined there and I know that much of that's probably due to changes in drive. Have you made any other adjustments and how effectively can you attack that market?
Tom Folliard: Well, when we talk about the sub-prime and the difference from last year to this year, it mostly is drive. In terms of the offering for the consumer, we've always said what we want to do is give the consumer as many options as possible. And at the same time, we have to manage the relationships we have with the non-primes. Really, when we talk about non-prime and sub-prime and drive was really our only, what we would call sub-prime offering, the rest of the lenders that kind of play in that space are non-prime. We have expanded that base a little bit. We've added Capital One and Triad in the last 18 months, fully out to all the stores. But it's always our goal to find anybody who can come to the table, is willing to make the investment on the technology front to be able to work within our environment so they can take the electronic application and deliver it back to the customer in a timely manner, and we're looking for those unique approvals. We want lenders who can come in and add incremental sales without pulling too much out of the other lenders so that we can manage our relationship with all the lenders. So really, other than drive being significantly less than it was last year, and we'll lap that coming up here in the fourth quarter and it won't be anything that we'll discuss further, because there won't be enough to talk about. That's our goal with the non-prime world and we want to continue to evaluate any options that are available out there.
Edward Ahruma - JP Morgan: Great. Just wanted to offer my congratulations to Dandy as well. It's been great working with you. Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Johnson - Principal Global Investors.
Mark Johnson - Principal Global Investors: Good morning. It seems for the second quarter in a row your SUV sales coming off the CarMax lots have significantly outperformed the SUV sales coming off the new car lots for the OEM dealers. Is there anything specifically going on in your SUV business that might be different in terms of driving demand versus the new car lots?
Tom Folliard: Well, one important point to remember is last year's first quarter and second quarter were kind of off the norm for us in SUV sales. We had the gas price increase in the spring, last year's first quarter, which impacted our SUV sales, and then we had the Katrina impact in the second quarter last year, which dramatically impacted our SUV sales. So we've always done exceptionally well with SUVs and I think what you're seeing in the first and second quarter is the market has moved. We've adjusted down, as we normally would, and as a percentage of sales, it has picked back up to more of a normal range for us in the first and second quarter. It's more that last year's first and second quarter were unusual than this year's first and second quarter are unusual, in my estimation.
Mark Johnson - Principal Global Investors: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities: Congratulations, everybody, especially to you, Dandy.
Dandy Barrett: Thank you, Rod.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities: Well done. Just a couple things. Are you seeing any regional difference in the comps, or are the regions sort of uniform in terms of their performance in the same-store base?
Tom Folliard: You know, there's always differences from region to region, we don't discuss them in any specifics. But, you know, in aggregate, we're very pleased with the comps. But of course, there's going to be regional differences all the time in running a business like this.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. But are they very significant in this, or are they more significant than has typically been your experience?
Tom Folliard: You know, I think the biggest differences we see in comps, as you would expect from a new business is, it's more new stores compared to mature stores than it is region to region. If we have a region that has more new stores in it, then our expectation would be a little bit higher comps there because the stores aren't mature. So it's not necessarily divided by region, I think it's more divided by store maturity.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities: Right. You had commented in the past that sort of around this time you'd be seeing an acceleration in terms of your performance because of the maturity of the stores. Can you just comment on where you stand and, you know, from your perspective, is there any reason to expect a difference in performance as far as the same store comps looking out to next year?
Tom Folliard: I think when we've talked about that in the past we've talked more about how that relates to SG&A leverage than we have sales specifically. So, no, I don't see that as a big factor going forward.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: A couple of questions. First, Tom, is there any way to kind of outline how much benefit you guys might be getting from the cuts in new car production that we've been hearing about and seeing? Obviously, as the promotional environment becomes a little looser out there, people have just kind of cut back on the car production. I would assume the next natural trade would be to late model used cars. But can you help us understand any of those dynamics a little bit better?
Tom Folliard: Well, I think as we talked about in the beginning, the fact that we were able to outperform or do exceptionally well both in an environment where -- last year, I mean new car sales were booming, particularly year-over-year and we did well. This year it's widely known that there is roughly a 20% decline year-over-year looking back at the second quarter and we were able to outperform in that environment also. A lot of the inventory cuts that everyone has been talking about really haven't flowed through yet. There was still an excess of inventory through the second quarter of this year across most of the OEMs and we were able to perform well in that environment. In terms of long-term, any time there's going to be a balance in supply and demand, I think it's better for us. I think it's better for everybody. It's easier to predict, it's easier to manage through, there's less blips. There theoretically would be less volatility, but I don't think those cuts have really yet taken effect to where we see a smoother inventory flow through the new car manufacturers; we haven't seen it yet.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: So if I were to try and go back let's say 18 to 24 months ago then and try and figure out what happened during that period where your comps were running negative and business trends were a little bit tougher. How should we think about that period, then? I guess I'm just trying to understand that the different macro dynamics relative to your performance.
Tom Folliard: I think every time we have a change in the macro environment that impacts new car sales and that we get to look at how we perform, we learn something a little bit each time. We're a different company than we were 18 or 24 months ago in terms of our ability to manage through some of these peaks and valleys. So I think it's more that we've been continuously trying time improve our ability to manage through those environments. I'm not sure that you could go back 24 months ago, look at the environment and then make any prediction about that macro situation happening again and what it would do to us. I think we're better positioned to manage through it than we used to be -- which doesn't mean that we won't be impacted by any type of macro event, particularly on that front.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Related to that, if for some reason -- macro, seasonal, whatever -- we do start to see increased volatility, you know, at least relative to your plan, could gross margins start to take a hit, then? Because it sounds like the fewer markdowns have kind of led to better gross margin performance. Does it stand to reason the opposite could also be true?
Tom Folliard: It does a little bit, Scott, and we've seen a little bit of that in the past. When we talk about the first half of the year and our strong margin per car performance, we've talked about the smoothness and how it has helped us in terms of taking fewer markdowns in order to sell our product. So it kind of goes the other way, that if there's more volatility there we'd see a little bit more of a bubble impact going through our inventory which would cause more markdowns and could have a little bit of a negative impact. But what I really think that we've been trying to work on is positioning ourselves that even if that was to happen, we would be able to outperform the industry.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Fair enough. The last question is, something that Austin used to talk a little bit about was the elongated maturity curve of the stores and some of your earlier stores were still comping positive and this is an old data point, but it's something he used to talk about.  Is there any better way to think about the maturity curve of your stores at this point? Obviously, the white paper you put out is a little long in the tooth given the fact that as you said, you're a little bit of a different company today. What's the best way for us to think about the maturity curve of your stores?
Tom Folliard: Well, I think it's both an old data point and it's still the same data point. The reason is despite the fact that we are a bigger company and we're more mature, we're still very immature in terms of just when you look at the buying cycle of cars. Even in Richmond, where we've been open for going on 14 years now, we've only been through three or four buying cycles so more than half of our stores are still less than five years old. They haven't even been through a second buying cycle. I think what we're pretty comfortable with is five years isn't the end maturity curve but as far as where does it go, it's still too early for us as a company to tell. We're fairly big in terms of revenue, but we do only have 70 locations with which to study performance on and they've only been open for a relatively short period of time. That period of time is even shorter when you look at buying cycles. It's not like a grocery chain or a traditional retailer where you get to see your customers every couple of weeks. We see them once every three years.
Scott Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: All right. Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Tom Folliard: All right. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot. Good morning. First question relates to the metric of gross profit per car. It seems like what you're seeing is driving that number up as the combination of strong SUV sales and the fact that you've achieved some modicum of margin stability and sales trends have been more consistent. This is the strongest run, it looks like, of growth in gross profit for car that you've had in a number of years.  Is there anything that you could see kind of getting in the way of that in terms of your SUV sales relative to the market or your ability to manage the stability of business through the quarter?
Tom Folliard: Well, first of all, Matt, we did not attribute margin to SUVs. We contributed higher average retails to SUVs which, as you know, doesn't translate necessarily to margin per unit for us. So the higher SUVs and the higher margins are unrelated. The smoothness of the market over the last six months is what we have talked about delivering the higher margin and good comp sales don't hurt either, because they also help your turns. If we can move our inventory a little bit quicker and sell it in the early stages before we make a markdown, it's going to help margins. If you say what do I see for stumbling blocks, there's still some volatility out there that I think we haven't seen flow through. Scott mentioned it earlier, with all the cuts that are coming from the different manufacturers, we'll have to see how rational everybody behaves and then what the impact is on the macro environment and then we'll have to try to manage through it. Do I think there's some potential there for it to impact our ability to absolutely maximize margin per unit? Absolutely, but I think we'll be able to continue to outperform the industry as we've said before.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Tom if you could just remind us, how do SUV margin rates typically compare to those of cars?
Tom Folliard: You know, we don't manage our margin by segment like that. Our margin is driven by a number of different factors. Although that may be one of them, it's not the biggest driving factor in differentiating margins. o it's not like we do way better on SUVs than we do on minivans. There are certain minivans, depending on the miles and the source and what type they are and the availability and the supply and demand that we make terrific margins on and there are certain ones that we don't and SUVs are no different in terms of that. Although we look at it, we don't see the biggest drivers of margin differences coming from class of vehicle. There are many other factors that are more important.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Fair enough. My second question relates to CAF and to the series of one-time gains that we've seen over the past several quarters. In terms of how you book these and when you decided to record the profits, does that reflect sequentially improving delinquency and charge-off trends, or is it simply a question of adjusting those on a gradual basis and booking those more gradually than you're actually seeing the improvement from your borrowers?
Tom Folliard: I'm going to let Keith answer that one, Matt.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Great.
Keith Browning: I mean the answer is that each quarter we look at each poll and the largest amount of the adjustments usually comes for the more recent poll because we're setting the loss rates based on how we're underwriting. As we gain more experience with each poll, once we gain enough experience, you get more and more confident, the more seasoning a poll has and what it's ultimate loss rate's going to be. So while we tweak each poll as it matures, each quarter we take our best estimate about where we think that poll’s going to ultimately end up and book, whether it be favorable or unfavorable, an adjustment reflecting our best forecast. So the truth is, is they have actually continued to outperform our expectations, even on the older polls, but the largest dollars coming through are the later polls that had the opportunity to have the environment where we had favorable recoveries and just an overall favorable environment. I think throughout the industry as far as payment cycles potentially go back to normal and basically we're looking at what point in time in the future do you think it's more likely to get back to a normal loss rate expectation, a normally recovery rate expectation versus something that's going to happen tomorrow. So it's a little bit of a crystal ball, but we're taking our best shot every quarter.
Tom Folliard: What I'd add to that is that we have always managed CAF as an integrated piece of the total consumer offer. CAF is not, as a separate entity, it's not an entity that has just stayed with the same terms of how we approve loans and how we manage that portfolio. It's evolving all the time like any other bank would. We're always trying to figure out ways to drive incremental business, which changes the look of the portfolio. Although it still remains a prime portfolio, there are changes that are happening all the time and the deals that we originate in the last six months don't look anything like the deals we originated 18 months ago and they're all flowing through at a different stage of their life and it's a balancing act.
Keith Browning: That's especially true this year given the fact that we implemented our third new scorecard that's totally independent and we're absolutely trying to take the knowledge and the learnings that we've had from the prior polls and as Tom said, spend that, obviously judiciously, without taking significant risk and driving incremental sales.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Understood. Dandy, best of luck to you.
Dandy Barrett: Thank you, Matt.
Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs: Bye-bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Novak - Frontier Capital.
Michael Novak - Frontier Capital: First off, I really appreciate the strong results. My question relates to the wholesale business. Would you expect that to grow in line with unit growth over time, or would you expect it to grow somewhat faster as your auctions gain popularity with local dealers? How should we think about the growth in that business? Thank you.
Tom Folliard: It's roughly more driven by unit growth than it is popularity with the dealers, because regardless of how many dealers show up, that doesn't change what we buy from the consumer and the only cars that we run on the auction are the cars that we buy through the appraisal link at the store of that mix that does not meet our retail parameters, or we can't bring it up to our CarMax standards. So the volume in our auction will be driven by total store growth, total unit growth, and our ability to drive that buy rate. We're more comfortable with pushing it when we can get better price realization, but it's more driven on the front end than it is the back end.
Michael Novak - Frontier Capital: Any more thoughts about the kiosk business and what that could mean both for sourcing cars for your stores as well as the auction business over time?
Tom Folliard: You mean the CarMax buying center?
Michael Novak - Frontier Capital: Yes.
Tom Folliard: Well, as we've said, we have one of those open and we will go out and do a couple more before we make a decision about that as a concept. It's not a very expensive thing for us to go do, as we have discussed in the past. But having one store, one unit open for four months is not enough for us to really make a long-term decision on. So far we're pleased with the results and we'll go do a couple more in a couple different markets to try to continue to learn.
Michael Novak - Frontier Capital: When would you expect to open those?
Tom Folliard: We haven't got to that yet. We're working on it right now I think, 12 to 18 months, I would say we'll get something open, but we'll see. We’ll let you know as soon as we know.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers.
Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. A couple questions if I may. First of all, on the SG&A line, I know that last quarter you had had a little bit of a benefit from timing of expenses. Just wondering if there was any impact one way or the other for this quarter and anything that we should look for in the third quarter or fourth quarter?
Tom Folliard: I talked about that a little bit earlier. The timing we talked about in the first quarter is really more first half-second half. The timing of some of those items we'll see in the second half.
Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. I know having added the two additional non-prime partners in the back half of last year had benefited you the last couple of quarters. Could you quantify any benefit that you saw this quarter? And then maybe stepping back at this stage, do you think you really optimized your portfolio of lenders, or do you think there'll be more opportunity going forward?
Tom Folliard: I don't know that we'll ever be satisfied. I think that we've optimized our portfolio of lenders. I think anybody that can come in, add incremental sales, make the technology investment that I talked about earlier, we're happy to have. In terms of the addition of the additional non-primes, it's probably largely offset the drives loss. So, you know, that's about all I think we can quantify on that.
Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers: Looking at how your sales are breaking down and the types of customers coming into your stores, do you think you're seeing any maybe trading down from customers who otherwise would have been looking for a new car, or do you think it's maybe more just taking share in maturing your newer stores?
Tom Folliard: I think a lot of our business from the very beginning has always been people making a trade-off from a new car down to a used car. There's a big difference in average retail price. Average retail for new car's around $24,000 ours was $17,500 or so this quarter. So there's still a big spread between new and used cars, so you're always going to see some of that. But when you see comp sales like we have, it's clearly also a share gain. If you look at our averages for the last five years, not including this first half of this year, our average comp sales for the last five years have been positive 5% and the average of the reported publicly traded used cars have been negative 4% over that same time period. So I think share gain is something that we also think is a factor.
Brad Thomas - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That's very helpful. Well, congratulations on a great quarter and Dandy, best of luck to you.
Dandy Barrett: Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong from CL King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: A couple questions focusing on the second half of this year. Tom, earlier I think you said that you were expecting lower wholesale profits for the back half. Was that just wholesale profit per vehicle or aggregate wholesale gross profit dollars?
Tom Folliard: Per vehicle.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Per vehicle?
Tom Folliard: Yes. That's just largely driven by the environment, our expectations about the environment. You know, last year second half I think there were a number of different factors there that kind of slowed the depreciation curve at wholesale and I think this year's looking a little bit more normal and that's why we said at that time last year we didn't expect to be able to repeat it.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: The timing of the expenses that you mentioned shifting from the first half to the second half, two questions: what's the nature of those expenses and how much are we talking about?
Tom Folliard: Well, we talked about at the end of the first quarter, it's only $2 million or $3 million is what we're talking about into the second half, so it's not some big dramatic thing that you should be looking for.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Got it. Backing into the implied second half guidance would be $0.52 to $0.62 a share, you did about $0.63 in the second half of last year. Now I guess you're going to be restating those numbers for stock-based compensation, so the $0.63 you reported last year in the third and fourth quarter would be somewhat lower?
Tom Folliard: Yes.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: How much should we adjust or backdate our models for that?
Dandy Barrett: It's about $0.57, Bill.
Tom Folliard: Did you get that, Bill?
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Yes, $0.57. Got it. Okay. All right. That's all I had. Thanks a lot.
Tom Folliard: Okay. Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Your next question comes from Hardy Bowen - Arnold & Bleichroeder.
Hardy Bowen - Arnold & Bleichroeder: The close rates for mature stores, how are those going and how are the close rates going for new stores, just directionally?
Tom Folliard: Well, Hardy, I think you know us a little better than that. We don't generally talk about our close rate. I said in the beginning that we had solid store execution in the second quarter, which we also said in the first quarter as well. So for the first half of the year we're very pleased with the execution in the stores as a group. 
Hardy Bowen - Arnold & Bleichroeder: That implies close rates marginally would be up, or directionally would be up?
Dandy Barrett: It doesn't imply anything, Hardy.
Tom Folliard: We're very happy with our store execution through the first half of the year, Hardy.
Hardy Bowen - Arnold & Bleichroeder: All right. Is there any reason to believe that average price per vehicle that the mix is not going to continue to shift in such a way that this will go up or do we believe that it's going to start to slow down?
Tom Folliard: I think with just inflation 3%, 3.5% you're going to get that in your average selling price every year. I think the year-over-year differences that we talked about have been largely driven by mix. One of the things I did mention earlier is we've seen a little bit more of a movement for us in luxury cars and I actually think that that's a reflection of the power of CarMax.com and the power that our brand is bringing to the marketplace as we continue to build on it. I think people are more comfortable with CarMax as a brand. I think people are more comfortable with CarMax as a retailer of higher quality product and then it's available to all of our customers on the Internet so they can move it around to different markets. We've clearly seen luxury as a segment in total move up very gradually over a long period of time and I think that's reflected in the way customers feel about the offer in general.
Hardy Bowen - Arnold & Bleichroeder: And availability of cars, inventory probably has something to do with this. I mean luxury shoppers really like to get whatever they like to get.
Tom Folliard: Well, they're a lot more specific, generally. You know, somebody that wants a black Porsche probably won't buy a red one. But somebody that probably wants a black Nissan Sentra would buy a red one if it was $500 cheaper.
Hardy Bowen - Arnold & Bleichroeder: Right. How many stores did we have planned to open in L.A. for 2007?
Dandy Barrett: We haven't announced it yet.
Tom Folliard: We haven't announced that yet.
Hardy Bowen - Arnold & Bleichroeder: But I guess roughly we're hoping for two?
Tom Folliard: We haven't announced it yet.
Hardy Bowen - Arnold & Bleichroeder: Okay. Dandy, it's been a lot of fun working with you.
Dandy Barrett: Thank you, Hardy.
Hardy Bowen - Arnold & Bleichroeder: Have a good retirement.
Tom Folliard: We have time for one more question.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hey, just a quick follow-up on the wholesale business. Can you remind us of what the dealer fees are in that business and have there been any changes over the last year or two?
Tom Folliard: I don't think we've given the specific on our dealer fee, but what I'll tell you about the fee that we charge dealers a fee when they buy a car from us. It's standard in the industry to charge a fee when you buy a car and it's graduated based on the price of the car. So somebody that buys a $500 car is going pay one fee and somebody who buys an $8,000 car is going to pay a different fee. Our average selling price is around $4,000 and we have been able to move the fee kind of along with inflation and kind of in line with keeping ourselves very competitive in the auction environment. So we look at that business as a separately run, very competitive business with a different set of customers that we have to take care of, just like we take care of our retail customers. So we're going look at that fee always in terms of how does it look against the competition and how do we make CarMax the most attractive place for those dealers to come and buy cars.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Great. And to follow-up on that, given that you look as this as a separately run business, and given the incremental margins on running additional vehicles through that lane, would you consider opening this up to other consignors?
Tom Folliard: When I say it's separately run, I didn't say it's not unbelievably integrated with the rest of the total consumer offer. Those two things together are what really make it such a powerful piece of the total puzzle. Adding additional product in from the outside world does not mean anything about the price realization compared to what we would have in the car. The only opportunity there is how much could you charge that person for a fee, but they're going to have in the car whatever they have in the car and they're going to want to get that out of it so, and it would add a whole different level of complexity to the business and I think it would take away some of our competitive advantage. So at this time, that's not something that's on the landscape for us.
Matt Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. Thanks again.
Tom Folliard: Well, thank you very much, everyone. I appreciate you calling in and we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-06-19 13:30:00) =====
Executives: Dandy Barrett - Assistant Vice President, Investor Relations Austin Ligon - President and Chief Executive Officer Tom Folliard - Executive Vice President Store Operations and Chief Executive Officer, Elect Keith Browning - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Matthew Fassler - Goldman Sachs Matthew Nemer - Thomas Weisel Partners Sharon Zackfia - William Blair & Co. Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mandy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Assistant Vice President Investor Relations conference call. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Here’s Dandy Barrett. You may begin your conference.
Dandy Barrett: Good morning everybody. Obviously, it is not the assistant vice president call; it is the CarMax call for the first quarter of our fiscal year ’07 earnings release. I want to thank you for joining us on the call this morning and we have with us, Austin Ligon, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Folliard, Executive Vice President, Store Operations and Chief Executive Officer, Elect; and Keith Browning, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, please let me remind you that any statements today about the Company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make relying on the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events. They involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2006 and our quarterly and current reports on file with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Austin.
Austin Ligon: Good morning. As you’ve seen from our press release we had a pretty terrific quarter that we’re very happy with. As far as sales go, the stronger traffic in our store was complemented by increased traffic on carmax.com. We had continued excellent execution by our store teams and a return to a less volatile, more normal sales pattern then we’ve seen in the first quarter for that past two years; all of these contributed to both our sales and earnings results. First quarter total sales and revenues increased 19%, including a 14% increase in total used units and a 6% increase in comp used units. Wholesale units were up 21%, driven by our expanding store base and a strong increase in appraisal traffic. Our new car units declined, primarily in our domestic brands, reflecting softer new car industry trends and our decision to sacrifice some sales to gain margin in our new car business, particularly on domestic brands. As far as gross margin goes, our total gross profit increased more than 25%. Used vehicle gross profit dollars per car increased to $1,924 benefiting from our strong, steady sales performance and from some moderation in wholesale pricing, which can favorably favor acquisition costs. Also from the fact that the new car industry appears to be trying to hold or increase prices of new cars, tends to help very late model used car margins. Wholesale vehicle gross profit dollars per car were $723, higher than last year’s first quarter, but meaningfully below the fourth quarter we just left. This benefited from our continuing enhancement of our wholesale buying process and reflected the normal seasonal moderation in wholesale pricing, which we have not seen in the past two years.  As far as CarMax Auto Finance goes, CAF income increased 20% due to growth in total sales and managed receivables, an increase in loan penetration, and an in increase in the average amount financed. We also benefited from lower loss rate assumptions, which added about $0.03 to this quarter’s earnings. The gain spread to CAF remained slightly under our normal rate of 3.5% to 4.5%, reflecting the ongoing increases in interest rates. As far as SG&A went, we’re very happy with that. 9.9% SG&A ratio this quarter was down 50 basis points. We saw the leverage that 6% used unit comps can deliver. We delivered a lower SG&A ratio despite our higher stock-based compensation costs and additional costs related to moving our data center, but there also are a couple of million dollars of favorable timing that we expect to come back and hit us later on in the year. As far as FY ’07 expectations, for the fiscal year we continue to expect comp store used unit growth in the range of 2% to 8%. We think it is premature to change our fiscal year earnings expectations so early in the year, so our earnings expectation range remains the $1.25 to $1.47 that we gave at the beginning of the year. As we’ve said, this range includes stock compensation expense of $0.18 to $0.20, which now does include the options granted to Tom as part of his new compensation package. If sales trends continue as we’ve seen them in the first quarter, we would expect earnings to be at the upper end of the range. However as you know, market conditions have been very volatile for the previous two years, and we’re not willing to adjust our estimate, if necessary, until we’re further into the fiscal year. We also had some pretty tough comparisons in the second half, especially related to wholesale gross profit. In addition, we had anticipated that interest rate increases would begin to moderate by now, and we’ve not seen that happen yet, which could put pressure on CAF’s gains spread later in the year. As far as our growth plan goes, we continued our growth plan, opening four stores in the first quarter. We entered the Columbus, Ohio market with a standard superstore and a satellite. We entered Hartford with the first of two stores. Hartford King now and New Haven will come later in the year. Oklahoma City market was our fourth market with a standard superstore.  We plan to open seven more stores this year, entering the Fresno market with a standard superstore and adding a standard superstore in Fredericksburg, Virginia and in Gastonia, North Carolina, which is a subsidiary market of Charlotte. We also plan to add satellite superstores in three markets: LA, with a Burbank store; Hartford, New Haven in New Haven; and Austin with a South Austin store. We also plan to open our small market tests satellite superstore in Charlottesville, Virginia later in the year. So with that, we’ll be happy to some questions.
Dandy Barrett: Mandy, we can open it up for questions now, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Fassler with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot. Good morning. Austin, is this your last call?
Austin Ligon: It is.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: All the best. Two questions for you. First of all, you made reference to the OEMs looking to hold your increased pricing; some color on that would be helpful, as well as a little more detail on how that impacts you.  Secondly, the expense performance that you showed this quarter was really stand out, and one of the big differentiators, I think, from prior quarters. If you could give us color on really what worked, from an expense perspective, where you found those efficiencies.
Austin Ligon: Okay, I’ll comment on the first and I’ll let the CEO Elect comment on the second. As far as the manufacturer pricing, I think it’s widely known that Ford and General Motors need to stop discounting at the rate they have been, because obviously it can’t get them the volumes to fill their factories and they can’t afford the lower volume in discounts. Now, that doesn’t mean it’s going to succeed, but that’s definitely what they have been trying to do. In terms of what impact it has on us; to the degree they’re able to hold prices, it simply stabilizes the relationship between new cars and used cars. It makes it easier for the wholesale market to stay efficient. As we’ve said before, incentives are not a bad thing. The only issue is how quickly do they come, and how long does it take the wholesale market to absorb the information and adjust?  So we certainly have seen some softness in their sales. One of the big questions is: are they going to cut back more on production, or are they going to try to hold production and discount more? That’s one of the reasons we don’t want to adjust our annual estimate yet, because you never know what they’re going to do. Frankly, I’m not sure they know what they’re going to do, so that remains to be seen. I’ll turn it over to Tom to make some comments on the leverage that we have got on SG&A and any comments Keith wants to make as well.
Tom Folliard : Thanks Austin. Matt, there is a little bit of timing in there, but almost all of it is from the fixed leverage that 6% comps deliver, just as we said in the press release.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: So no incremental efficiencies, process changes, etc., that would make the difference?
Tom Folliard : There are modest changes we’ve made, as we continually describe, to take expenses out but we’re very careful about doing those and making sure that we don’t affect the customer experience when they come in. So while we try to get better on expenses, it’s really leverage from the comps.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: To the extent that timing was an issue, when would the delayed expenses, if you will, flow through to the P&L? 
Tom Folliard : It was a variety of items. Quite honestly, there’s no one expense. It’s just things that added up to a couple of million dollars that we thoroughly expect to happen in the second and third quarters, but it wasn’t any one significant thing.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: So a couple of million is about the magnitude?
Tom Folliard: Yes.
Matthew Fassler – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Tom Folliard: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Nemer with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Matthew Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: Good morning. First question is on the sales channels. I’m wondering if you’re seeing increased sales through the Auto Trader agreement that you signed. I seem to recall that you put all you’re inventory up on Auto Trader and I am wondering if you’ve been able to track how that’s working for you?
Austin Ligon: In terms of sales through that channel, Auto Trader is really an advertising source. All it really does is refer people either to us or to carmax.com. I think the early read is, we think it’s worth the money that we’re spending on it, but it’s too early to say anything beyond that.  We certainly wouldn’t attribute the performance of this quarter to our shift to Auto Trader, but I think on balance we feel like the money is better spent there than on some of the newspaper expenditures we were doing before and we think we are getting our money’s worth.
Matthew Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: Second question is - any early read on the buying center in Atlanta and what that’s doing for the store that’s close to that center?
Austin Ligon: The only comment we’d make is that it’s open and we’re happy with it so far, but it’s way too early to draw any conclusion. As we say, we’re happy so far, but we need to get several months under our belt before we would even begin to draw a conclusion on it. So far, so good.
Matthew Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: Then lastly, on the wholesale gross profit per vehicle - that continues to be strong even though you’ve seen a moderation in wholesale prices. So I’m wondering if this is the new bar, or do we ever see that go back to $400 or $500, or have the structural improvements in your offer changed that indefinitely?
Keith Browning: I think for this time of the year we think this is probably an appropriate bar, but when we head into the second half -- especially the third quarter when we expect wholesale prices to significantly decline -- that we wouldn’t expect to achieve this level at that time of the year.
Tom Folliard: One of the things that we’ve said in the past is that our wholesale business is such an integrated piece of the total consumer offer that there is always a balance between wholesale and retail. What we monitor very closely is our buy rate. If we had to move our offers up in order to help drive retail sales, that’s a trade off we have to evaluate all the time.
Matthew Nemer – Thomas Weisel Partners: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: Hi, good morning. I don’t think anyone has asked this already, so I’ll ask. Can you talk about trends in the quarter, both on the retail and wholesale side? Then, maybe separately, the gross margin dollars per retail car. I understand there are a lot of puts and pulls with that, but is there any reason why we shouldn’t see some nice increases in that year-over-year going forward, if wholesale trends remain where they are?
Austin Ligon: When you say trends in the quarter, do you mean during the first quarter?
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: Yes.
Austin Ligon: Any observation you want to make on that, Keith?
Keith Browning: They were very steady. Compared to what we’ve seen previously, it was basically a pretty steady quarter. There were little pluses and minuses, but all three months were pretty much in line with expectations. Not at all like the prior two years.
Austin Ligon: The second part of your question again? 
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair: The gross margin dollars per retail car? Obviously, up nicely year-over-year. It didn’t look like you had a lot of push back from customers on taking a little more profit per retail car, with wholesale prices down and the profitability of that.
Tom Folliard: Part of what drives our margins is our fluctuation in inventory and the way we manage our inventory through our pricing model. As Austin just mentioned, we had a party steady quarter which really can help us get a little bit of extra margin out of it because we don't have some of the fluctuations we've had in the past with total inventory level. So a real steady quarter sometimes can help; this one sure did.
Austin Ligon: If you'll remember historically, up until the last two years, the first quarter is one of our two strongest quarters. So it's hopefully a little bit more of a return to what we would normally expect in the first quarter.
Sharon Zackfia – William Blair:  Great. Austin, have fun in Buton.
Austin Ligon:  Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys, how are you? Can you help us understand a little bit what else might be going industry wide in terms of used car pricing? I heard obviously the comments you made regarding what the new car guys are doing, but I guess some of the third-party data and what some of the auction houses are talking about is pricing starting to soften a little bit, unless I'm mistaken on that. Yet, obviously that's not what you saw. Can you help us understand a little bit the dynamic there?
Tom Folliard:  I think the first thing to understand is when they talk about prices softening, you had unusually strong prices through the winter and it's normal that prices will soften; in the spring and in the summer you start to expect price declines. Having had a stronger than expected winter, particularly at the low end of product, I don't think it's unusual that you would see that outside of our expectation. The other comment I'd make is in general what we've said is you can't figure out a lot about where the used car business is going just because wholesale prices are increasing or decreasing, particularly the overall index. You don't buy any index, you buy individual cars.  Last year we saw a fairly stable index which hid absolute chaos below with huge collapse of SUVs and skyrocketing prices on mid-size and compact cars. So we don't draw a lot of conclusions from those overall indices. I'll let Tom make any other comments on the overall wholesale market.
Tom Folliard:  That pretty much sums it up right there. I have nothing to add really.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets:  I guess I understand that. I know you guys have never been one to really track that index. But it seems to me as you become larger, I would think at least theoretically, you'd start to track the index a little bit more just because of where you are in your growth phase. Is that an erroneous assumption?
Austin Ligon:  I'm not sure that we don't track it. What I'm saying is that the index is not a key determinant of what we see going on in the market in terms of retail sales. It certainly relates to what we see going on in the auction market in average of all cars. But you don't buy the average of all cars, you go out and buy specific cars.  What really matters is the very specific indices of the individual cars and how those relate to their counterparts in the new car market. That we track in excruciating detail with every piece of information that's available publicly or to us on a proprietary basis.
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, fair enough. Just one more clarifying comment if you could, Austin. Can you give us any more detail regarding your expectations for the wholesale business during the course of the year? Obviously that was a major driver for you guys last year. You had another very good quarter with it this year so far. Can you give us any other indication or detail regarding your expectations for that segment going forward?
Austin Ligon:  I think as Keith said, in general we'd expect it to be fairly normal in the summer, we would expect certainly margins to go down in the fall when prices go down. It would be surprising if it were as strong next winter as it was this winter because we had an unusual benefit, particularly on the very low value cars from Hurricane Katrina and very strong demand for those cars. So we'd expect to have a tough comparison in the fourth quarter. Does that help?
Scot Ciccarelli - RBC Capital Markets:  Yes, it does. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Good morning. The lower vehicle acquisition cost, is that mostly at the wholesale level or at the appraisal offers? Or is it a combination of the two?
Austin Ligon:  It's a combination of the two.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Your wholesale gross margin per vehicle was up 15% year-over-year, a moderation from the rate late last year, but still a pretty good increase despite the pricing moderation.
Austin Ligon: I would say that tended to come earlier in the quarter, because we still had some of the benefit from the winter.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates: Finally, your average -- and I know you tend not to track this or put a lot of importance on this -- but your average retail selling price was up about $1,000. Anything new to draw from that? Was that just coming from mix or were there any pricing trends that might have impacted that?
Tom Folliard:  That's almost exclusively mix-related.
Austin Ligon: SUVs are a little stronger this year than they were last year. Last year they were in all-out collapse, this year they were in something less than all-out collapse.
Tom Folliard: Actually, despite the gas prices in the first quarter we have a higher mix of SUVs this quarter than we did last first quarter, because we had the collapse last year so we got out of some of that inventory. So if you compare year-over-year we have some more sport utilities this quarter than we did in last year's first quarter.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates:  Okay, that's helpful. Because I was wondering how you were selling more SUVs with gas prices where they are.
Tom Folliard:  It's really the comparison.
Austin Ligon:  Look, used SUV prices got beaten down so low by last winter, that even with current gas prices there are some pretty good deals out there. We've talked about that before, that's why it's nice to work in a fairly efficient wholesale market; it will adjust for whatever has to happen to clear the market.
Tom Folliard: Even a lower-priced SUV is still more expensive than a compact.
Bill Armstrong - CL King & Associates:  Right, right. Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Good morning, everybody. Congratulations. First, more of a macro question. We're seeing higher rates in gas prices having some effect on the new retail market. I'm just wondering whether you feel that your segment of the market would continue to be countercyclical if the consumer continued to slow?
Austin Ligon:  Typically -- and I can only speak to history -- typically what rates and gas prices do is affect the mix of what people buy, not how much they buy, by and large. Because once again, the wholesale market will adjust those prices. The challenge for us when it occurs is does it occur in a study enough fashion that the wholesale market is pretty efficient? Or, does it occur so sharply that it takes a while for the wholesale market to catch up and therefore our inventory is a little out of line with what the ideal inventory might be? So far this year it's been a much steadier process. You'd have to have lived in a cave to be surprised that gas prices went up this spring. Interest rates have been going up steadily and I think the consumer has adjusted to that. So in the used car market it's really a need-driven market. The higher the interest rate you get less car, but you still have to go meet that need. If you need a minivan you still need a minivan. So at least based on history, those are going to have typically a much bigger impact on the new car business than on the used.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Obviously there are other factors aside from these that are pressuring consumers. The new car business used to be much more cyclical than it's been recently. But if you were to think back to other periods when there were bigger dips in the used car market -- obviously your business model was less mature than it is now -- but would you expect the volumes to be fairly resilient in used even under that kind of scenario?
Austin Ligon:  Once again, you can only look at history. The history was that when the new car business was much more cyclical the used car business was relatively acyclical. History is what it is. It has happened, conditions always change and you never know how the new set of conditions are going to affect you. But based on what we've seen historically, this has been a less cyclical business than new cars.
Keith Browning: Clearly this quarter with rising gas prices, the consumer response was nowhere near as dramatic as it was last year in the summer. As Austin mentioned, I think nobody was surprised. They were a little bit more conditioned, and having gone through it a couple of times now we've learned and applied the lessons we've learned with inventory management to this quarter, so we're a little better prepared to handle it as well.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Great. Secondly, could you just give us a little bit more color on when you'd expect the CAF margins to revert back to normal?
Austin Ligon:  When Keith is put in charge of the Federal Reserve probably. I think as Keith said before, as long as interest rates keep going up we expect there to be some continuing pressure. The latest thing we've all heard, as you have, from the Fed is a somewhat more aggressive attitude toward interest rates that suggest that they may continue to go up for longer than people thought; and maybe even go up more than people thought. So that will continue to put pressure on until they level out, would be our best guess.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Great, thank you.
Austin Ligon: Keith has not gotten an appointment letter yet.
Tom Folliard:  Or even a phone call.
Rod Lache - Deutsche Bank Securities:  He can use us as a reference if he'd like.
Keith Browning:  Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder: How are you doing after such a great quarter? I think it must be very satisfying.
Austin Ligon:  Yes, it was.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder:  How much did the mix of business influence the gross margin dollars per vehicle in this quarter?
Keith Browning: As I mentioned earlier, Hardy, it's mostly the smoothness of the inventory and the consistency of sales we saw through the first quarter, less mix.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder:  So it's not mix to a great degree?
Keith Browning:  It's primarily turns.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder:  Okay. And the price per vehicle, do we expect that to be equally as high in the second quarter I would presume, with the trends that we're seeing?
Austin Ligon:  I don't think anybody actually believes us when we say this, but we have no expectation on that and our general view is it doesn't matter. We sell what the market demands and if the mix shifts it toward a higher average retail price point we'll sell that, and if it shifts toward a lower average retail price point we'll sell that. Our experience is that is not the key driver. The key driver of this quarter was not the fact that our average retails were up but was the fact that our sales were strong and our inventory turn was strong.
Tom Folliard: Hardy, one of the things we've gotten more and more comfortable with is our ability to move with whatever is going on in the marketplace, whatever the consumer demand tells us to do. So we could tell you something now and if we saw something happen in the second quarter like we did last year with Katrina, our ability to move our inventory along with demand is going to have an influence on the average selling price and I think we're getting better and better at that.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder: I'm pursuing that we're seeing strong volume in Texas because of hurricanes. Is that fair to say?
Austin Ligon:  We have been, but I think that's well behind us.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder:  Okay. California, it seems like these units are doing very well. What are your thoughts on California?
Austin Ligon:  As we've said before, we're quite happy with L.A. We're very happy with the advertising strategy we undertook there and we're going to continue to add more stores in L.A. We've always been happy with Sacramento and we'll continue to add more stores in the other California markets. It is 37 million to 38 million people and the biggest car market on earth. We're still not even remotely fully penetrated there. So we're happy with the way California is going and we'll continue to add stores there.
Hardy Bowen - Arnhold & Bleichroeder:  Okay. Sounds good. And Austin, have a wonderful retirement, if you call it that.
Austin Ligon:  Okay, thanks a lot. I'll give you a call from Buton. Okay. Having no more questions I think we'll bid you adieux. Thanks a lot for joining us. Bye.
Operator:  Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-03-30 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Dandy Barrett, Assistant Vice President of Investor Relations   Austin Ligon, Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer   Keith Browning, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Matthew Fassler, Goldman Sachs   Sharon Zackfia, William Blair & Co.   Scot Ciccarelli, RBC Capital Markets   Bill Armstrong, CL King & Associates   Mike Heifler, Deutsche Bank   Matthew Nemer, Thomas Weisel Partners   Tom Thompson, Thompson, Siegel & Walmsley, Inc.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Dandy Barrett, Assistant Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you Michelle, good morning. On the call today are Austin Ligon, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Keith Browning, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, please let me remind you that our statements today about the Company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance, including any statements or factors regarding expected sales, margins or earnings, are forward-looking statements that we make relying on the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events. They involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2005, and our quarterly and current reports on file with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Austin.
Austin Ligon, President, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Let me start out this morning by talking about fourth quarter sales. Fourth quarter total sales and revenues increased 19%, including a 6% increase in total units and a 3% decrease in comp store used units. The decline in these comps reflected the difficult comparisons we had against last year's 12% increase. They were at the lower end of our expected range primarily due to a decline in our subprime-financed sales. The narrowing of eligible vehicles by our subprime provider that we mentioned in the release coincided with some of our highest demand cars, so we chose to limit this business and avoid unprofitable cannibalization. Wholesale sales increased 51%, driven by exceptionally strong unit increases and strong wholesale pricing environment. Wholesale units were up 26%, reflecting strong increases in both appraisal traffic and our buy rate, as well as a larger store base. As far as gross profit goes, our Q4 total gross profit per unit increased roughly $300. Our used car gross profit per unit was up slightly from last year but remained under some pressure because of the higher wholesale prices we saw through most of this year. Our wholesale gross profit was up -- per unit was up substantially. Wholesale pricing, which normally is strong in the spring, was particularly strong in the older and higher mileage segment that makes up the bulk of what we sell-off at our wholesale auctions. We believe as do others in the wholesale industry that Hurricane Katrina contributed significantly to the disproportionate rise in the value of these older wholesale cars. Our wholesale pricing gross margin also benefited from record dealer attendance at our auctions to buy those cars. A comment I will make is that each year, we gain a more granular understanding of the elements of our overall business. This allows us to get better and better at managing the way that we optimize overall results either in a rising or falling wholesale pricing environment. And in particular, our wholesale business can act as a complement to our used car sales and earnings. Our successful modifications and our store appraisal strategy has enhanced this capability over the last year and a half. When wholesale prices are rising as they did in the past two years, our wholesale profits can expand and help offset the impact of higher used car acquisition costs that are pressuring our retail used vehicle sales and profits. Conversely, when wholesale prices are falling as they did three and four years ago, it can allow our used car sales and profits to expand at a time when wholesale profits are likely to be under pressure. We have learned to manage this better over the last year, year and half than we have in the past, part of our continuing learning process. Gross profit on other sales and revenues also improved. This is primarily from third-party finance fees and ESB sales, both of which carry 100% margins. Third-party finance fees benefited from having fewer of the subprime financed sales. As far as CarMax Auto Finance income was up 26%, benefiting from growth in sales and managed receivables as well as a $0.02 per share benefit primarily related to the favorable valuation adjustment on previously securitized portfolios. For the quarter, the gain on loans originated and sold was 3.6%, slightly above our original expectations. The gain spread last year was 3.7. The SG&A ratio was 10.2% this quarter, down 10 basis points from the last year. We benefited from lower-than-expected healthcare costs and property taxes. Absent these items, the SG&A ratio would have been up slightly, reflecting the decrease in comp unit sales and a higher percentage of immature stores in our base this quarter. As far as earnings for both the quarter and full year, we are obviously pleased to be reporting a 36% increase in fourth quarter EPS and a 30% increase in full year EPS in what was clearly a challenging environment. Even stripping out the $0.09 per share of favorable cap items for the entire year, earnings per share grew 24%. As far as our growth plan goes, we continue to go forward on the growth plan. We opened a total of nine stores in FY '06, representing a 16% increase in our store base. For FY '07, we'll add approximately 11 superstores, another 16% increase. As noted in the release, we have made one minor change since what we said in December. The timing for our new L.A. satellite in Torrance has slipped into fiscal '08, so we expect to be able to accelerate the opening date of another superstore and we'll name that when we're a little more certain of which one we will be able to accelerate. We currently expect to open four stores in first quarter, three in the late third quarter, and four in the late fourth quarter. Capital spending is currently expected to total roughly 300 million in 2007. The increase over last year primarily reflects a higher level of real estate purchases for store development in future years and the timing of construction activities. In fiscal 2006, several of the future year sites we acquired were in the form of ground leases versus purchases, thus reducing our capital expenditure. As far as FY '07 expectations, we expect used unit comp growth in the range of 2% to 8%. I know this is a wide range, but it reflects what we think is a still very uncertain market environment, particularly I think as you could all agree, a very uncertain environment for where the major domestic new car manufacturers are going. And as we have seen in the past, rapid changes in their strategy can be disruptive to the wholesale market and the retail market. So far in March, the sales run rate has trended at a rate that would put us at or slightly above the midpoint of this 2 to 8% range. However, we saw a strong start in March last year before experiencing volatility in the rest of the year, so we continue to take a conservative outlook. Total sales growth should be less than in FY '06, reflecting a difference in the timing of store openings. In FY '06, openings were skewed to the first half of the year, whereas in FY '07, they are more heavily weighted in the second half. We typically expect little to no contribution to sales and profits for stores that are opened in the fourth quarter. Based on the learning we've achieved and the changes we have made to manage our wholesale operations, we believe that the first half of fiscal '07 we’ll see wholesale gross profits per unit increase and wholesale sales grow at about the same rate as our retail sales. During the third quarter, we expect wholesale sales to continue to grow but gross margins to moderate in comparison to the unusual circumstances of last year's third quarter. And in the fourth quarter, we expect to see wholesale sales growth and margins moderate on a comparative basis. Overall, we expect wholesale sales and gross profits to increase in line with retail sales growth. Assuming wholesale pricing moderates, we expect this could modestly improve our used vehicle gross profit per unit. We have already seen some of this moderation in wholesale pricing during March. CAF income will likely be slightly below the FY '06 level, which included the $0.09 per share of favorable items. In the first half, we anticipate CAF gain spreads will again be at the low end of the normalized 3.5 to 4.5% gain spread range. The gain spread could increase modestly in the second half of the year depending on where interest rate trends ago. Our SG&A leverage opportunity in FY '07 will largely depend on our comp sales performance. If we are at or above the midpoint of the expected comp range, we could expect a slight bit of leverage for the full year before the impact of accounting for stock-based compensation. SG&A costs this year will include approximately 5 million associated with completing the move of our datacenter out of Circuit City into a standalone datacenter operated by a third-party. Before the new accounting for stock-based compensation, we expect FY '07 EPS to be in the range of $1.45 to $1.65, which represents growth in the range of 4% to 19%. Excluding the $0.09 of favorable CAF items last year, this would give us an EPS growth rate in the range of 12% to 27%. We are adopting, as is everyone, 123R, the new accounting rule on stock-based compensation, effective at the beginning of FY '07. We will be restating prior period results to enhance comparability. We estimate the restatement will reduce FY '06 earnings per share by approximately $0.12 to $1.27. We expect the impact of the new accounting on FY '07 results will be in the range of $0.18 to $0.20. There are several reasons for the larger impact in FY '07. The first is me, my pending retirement. The expense related to all of my invested options, which vest on retirement will have to be booked in FY '07. The second is, some of the other older guys around here were also required to accelerate the expensing for associates who are currently or will become retirement eligible. That doesn't mean they're all running out the door, it just means they are eligible, over the vesting period of any newly issued options this year. So as a result, several members of our senior team will actually have their option expensing accelerated this year. In addition, for new option grants, the stock price on the grant date affects the amount of expense to be recognized. And as you know, our stock price has popped up, which has had some effect on this. Including stock-based compensation expense, we currently expect FY '07 EPS in the range of $1.25 to $1.47. This range does not include any effect of any stock-based grant that might be given to a new CEO. It represents EPS performance in the range of negative 2 to plus 16, compared to pro forma FY '06 results. Excluding the $0.09 of favorable CAF items in FY '06, it would represent an EPS growth in the range of plus 6 to plus 25%. So with that, I would be glad to take any questions.
Dandy Barrett, Assistant Vice President, Investor Relations: Michelle, we can open the line for questions now.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Matthew Fassler: Thanks a lot and good morning.
A - Austin Ligon: Good morning Matt.
Q - Matthew Fassler: I would like to focus on just a couple of small issues. First of all, can you talk about the CAF adjustments, the $0.09 you had over the course of this year? I mean, in a sense they are nonrecurring, but they have recurred pretty consistently. So to the extent that you were to see the same patterns emerge, would you have continued adjustments? In other words, do you need incremental improvement in your credit experience to drive additional adjustments, or if you kind of run similar to where you have to date, which I guess is better than some of your long-term assumptions, would you have additional adjustments?
A - Austin Ligon: I will let Keith answer.
A - Keith Browning: Yeah I mean, Matt, we actually -- it is challenging because part of the favorability that we have made the adjustments on is related to the new scorecard we've put in 2003, and then part of it is due to the overall economic environment. And then also recovery rates, for example, in the fourth quarter, were at an all-time high. So to the extent recovery rates were to repeat, that could produce further adjustments that would be favorable. We're not forecasting that. We don't have the ability. We forecast basically average recovery rates going forward. We think we have done our best estimate of what the impact of the 2003 scorecard is. So we currently don't anticipate further adjustments. If we did have incremental favorability, we would have to make further adjustments. But we take our best shot each quarter at forecasting losses in the future and try to consider the various factors that influence those.
Q - Matthew Fassler: So the adjustments, Keith, in essence reflect not only your past experience, but your flowing through of your – of that recent experience to your assumption of future results?
A - Keith Browning: Right.
A - Austin Ligon: Based on everything that we understand, and so you can say this $0.09 to us this year was a true surprise.
Q - Matthew Fassler: And the -- by recovery rates, you're talking effectively about repossessions?
A - Austin Ligon: Correct.
Q - Matthew Fassler: Okay. Secondly, you talked in the quarter that just ended about some favorable swings on the benefit front. If you could just quantify that for us and tell us how much that helped the SG&A rate?
A - Keith Browning: The benefit fees, I mean we were actually trending unfavorable to our budget for the full year, first three quarters and experiencing pressure like most throughout the world. And it actually ended up favorable to the trend and favorable to our targets. I would say that at least 1/10th, if not 2/10ths of the SG&A swings.
Q - Matthew Fassler: Was there anything funky about that, or was it good management if you will, or something…?
A - Keith Browning: We haven't had the ability to control the level of illness of our employee population, and it was an honest surprise.
Q - Matthew Fassler: There is no true-up or a catch-up embedded in that swing?
A - Keith Browning: No.
Q - Matthew Fassler: Okay.
A - Keith Browning: We try to true it up as best we can each quarter and adjust our IBNR and feel like we're very consistent on that basis.
Q - Matthew Fassler: Gotcha. A third quick question. To the extent the store openings are pushed back a bit probably from a lot of our assumptions, can you talk about what is transpiring in your real estate pipeline that led to that? Is that total coincidence, did the projects get delayed?
A - Austin Ligon: I think that what transpires are landowners who are slower to conclude deals than we expected, communities that are slower to issue permits than expected, weather that doesn't cooperate and construction that sometimes takes longer. Every once in a while, we will have something accelerate; that's pretty rare. And, just so happened this year that we had more of it slip than usual, so it's pretty coincidental. It is -- in any given year, we try to spread these things out so that the pressure on the operating team is reasonably balanced. And one of the things that that results in is things that you plan for the third quarter; if they slip, they're going to slip to the fourth quarter. You might remember that once upon a time Circuit City used to try to front-load. The problem with front-loading is, if you don't have problems, then you suddenly have more stores than you can actually open with your team. So this is just one of the vagaries of the real estate process and nothing unusual about it.
Q - Matthew Fassler: And finally, Austin, not that you haven't earned it, but just trying to get a sense of how much of the incremental options impact related to your retirement just as we try to calculate likely options impact on a go forward basis?
A - Austin Ligon: About $0.04.
Q - Matthew Fassler: Okay.
A - Austin Ligon: Cheap at twice the price, right Matt?
Q - Matthew Fassler: Thank you very much.
A - Dandy Barrett: We can go to the next caller Michelle.
Operator: Yes ma'am. And your next question comes from Sharon Zackfia.
Q - Sharon Zackfia: Hi good morning.
A - Austin Ligon: Hi Sharon.
Q - Sharon Zackfia: On the CarMax car buying center, can you give us some more details about that? Any idea how much that's going to cost to build and run and what radius it will service?
A - Austin Ligon: We have lots of guesses but no real clue, is the honest answer. What we're doing is, we are leasing – it’s used to be a service station. So it's 1.5 acre site, it's on a corner, it's on a very high traffic auto trade area that has actually grown a lot. It's closest to our Norcross store, it's in an area called Peachtree Industrial Boulevard. And it's the next strongest auto trade area compared to our Norcross area after Norcross. And it's probably too close for us to have a build a store on. But it has really developed over the last few years. All of the dealers have torn down their old buildings and built new ones. There is a Lexus franchise there that looks like the biggest Lexus franchise I've ever seen. So it's a very attractive trade area, one that we are unlikely to get into from a sales point of view. And we thought it was a great place to go test getting into the middle of the deal flow, if you will, with a local appraisal center. We have done the numbers to understand what percentage of -- how much lower is our penetration rate from people who seem to be shopping there than from people who are shopping in the trade area around our Norcross store. But it's really kind of hard to guess, which is why we want to open one, how much business it will do and we have a wide range I guess. So what we have done is done the economics that tell us that we don't have to do a whole lot to make it worth doing. So we suspect pretty strongly that this will work, but we also suspect that like everything else you do for the first time, there are all sorts of things we're going to learn from the consumer once they start coming in in terms of the facility, the process, does it help us sell any cars, is there a different mix of retail versus wholesale there versus at the store, what's the speed of the process. So it's really a learning lab. And the next logical question would be, when are you going to build another one? And the answer is, after we learn something that helps us understand what should we do next.
Q - Sharon Zackfia: So at this location, it will just be staffed by car buyers and then they will be reconditioned at Norcross?
A - Austin Ligon: The ones that are reconditioned and the ones that are going to be wholesale will be wholesale at Norcross.
Q - Sharon Zackfia: Okay, and is there anything different about Atlanta, in terms of the appraisal traffic you get there versus other regions?
A - Austin Ligon: Atlanta has probably been a little bit lower, but that's not why we picked it. We picked it because that’s where we found the site. We looked in three or four different markets. We identified trade areas we would like to find a site in, and this was the first one we found one in, so we went forward with it there.
Q - Sharon Zackfia: Okay, and then for the drive impact in the fourth quarter, I mean, what should we expect going forward? I would expect that it's less of a drag on comps, but should we still expect some sort of drag from DRIVE?
A - Keith Browning: Yeah, I mean. We have adjusted our expectations to take a lower level of DRIVE, but the other thing we've also done is, as we’ve been experimenting with other finance companies, we've actually added to our overall selection. So we don't think that from a sales impact that we’ll see a sales shortfall because we are adding other non-prime providers that seem to add enough unique approvals that will supplement and offset the DRIVE shortfall. We're going to continue testing with DRIVE. They're working on a new scorecard and we will see how it goes with that.
Q - Sharon Zackfia: How many non-prime providers are you up to now, excluding DRIVE?
A - Keith Browning: We are up to 5.
Q - Sharon Zackfia: Everywhere?
A - Keith Browning: Oh six, I am sorry there.
A - Austin Ligon: And, we continue to run experiments with folks and look at other folks who come along who have some credibility that they could offer something different.
Q - Sharon Zackfia: Okay, and then lastly, and then I'll let someone else ask a question. On wholesale margins, I mean it sounds like you have some execution and some wind at your back here as well. I mean, are you looking for something still in the mid-teens for fiscal '07, or are we going to be dropping closer to the 12% you did a couple of years ago?
A - Keith Browning: Yeah I think the way we described it is right. We’ll see a different pattern but I think mid-teens is a fair expectation.
Q - Sharon Zackfia: Okay, thank you.
A - Austin Ligon: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scot Ciccarelli.
Q - Scot Ciccarelli: Hey guys, how are you?
A - Austin Ligon: Fine Scot, how are you?
Q - Scot Ciccarelli: Good, just a follow-up on the wholesale margins. Are you guys really looking at the -- have you changed how you look at that side of the business, Austin? I mean, I know you have always talked about it as kind of a breakeven operation. Can you just tell us kind of philosophically if there has been a change there?
A - Austin Ligon: Yeah, there has been several. And a lot of times, necessity is the mother of invention, and that has always been true for us. So one of the things that we learned over the last couple of years is, gee, there are things going on in the wholesale market that we don't understand. Actually, if you go back three or four years, at the very beginning, wholesale was a necessary evil that cost us money, and we did it to enable our sales offer. And over time, we added fees to that to make sure we were recovering our cost and as they got bigger and bigger, we recognized, gee, we need to make sure we are recovering our physical facility cost because this takes up a lot of room. Hence what we found is a combination of things. One, our wholesale business got more and more efficient so that the number of dealers we have attending each auction per car sold became a significant positive multiple compared to anybody else in the industry, and we got more and more cars. So that over time what we found is, not only have we’ve been able to fully recover our cost, but in fact, we suspect and we haven't proven this, but we suspect that we actually realize a higher price for an older wholesale car sold at one of our auction than any other auction environment that it can be sold in. So one of the things is happened is, we have recognized that, gee, there is some dollars there that we can take as profit and still be offering people what’s consistent with what anybody else could offer them in the marketplace. The other thing we've discovered is, in a rising price environment or a volatile price environment, if you have to make a trade-off, and we did a lot of testing to understand this, it may often be the right trade-off to make to offer a little less on wholesale cars and use some of that margin to reduce your pricing on retail cars. And we've been very careful and thoughtful about how we do that and it's really a trade-off in the business. But it's something that we think in the environment that we have seen over the last year, a year and a half has actually served us well. Obviously, and then the environment we saw a few years ago where prices were plummeting, it would've been a different dynamic. So philosophically, we still want to give the consumer a fair price for their car and something pretty close to what true wholesale value is. But that doesn't necessarily mean what we can sell it for in the auction, but really what could somebody else sell it for. We’ve also learned that we need to become a little more sophisticated in terms of understanding how much risk we take on which kinds of cars and how much flexibility there is on pricing on different kinds of cars in terms of making the best overall offer to all our customers. So a lot like we did with pricing maybe five or six years, seven years ago, we have found that it's actually something that with a lot of data analysis and a lot of testing, we can do -- we can perform more optimally for the overall business both in sales and margin than with the old approach that we were taking to it.
Q - Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. So, would it be fair to assume that, instead of saying used units is really the key metric here, because I know that's something you've emphasized, we should be looking at more of a total basis both on a sales and profit contribution basis because now you guys are really balancing your retail sales versus your wholesale sales and where can you get the greatest net impact, is that fair?
A - Austin Ligon: Sort of. Retail sales always come first. Retail sales are by far the most important to us and the biggest profit producer. But wholesale, what you can look at is wholesale has really become a more powerful tool in helping us both drive our retail sales and balance our profitability. So wholesale has become more important, but I would still say, the single most important thing you want to look in day-in and day-out is used unit comps. And it's -- as we have over the years, it's great that we've discovered a new tool that gives us a little balance and maybe some more flexibility in terms of how can we help drive sales in a difficult period.
Q - Scot Ciccarelli: Okay. The growth in the wholesale business, which has obviously been a pretty good lever for you guys, does that create conflicts at all with any of the houses, the auction houses that you already deal with?
A - Austin Ligon: It doesn't really create conflicts. They have all proposed to us that they sell our cars instead. We have tested with all of them. They are all great folks, but they are really specialists in another kind of car.
Q - Scot Ciccarelli: Okay.
A - Austin Ligon: And, we can sell these old age units for better prices at lower cost at our store than anyplace else they can be sold. So, but we're not going into competition with Mannheimer (phonetic) or Dessa (phonetic). Their core business are the higher value unit. They'd love to do this business, and if they could ever prove to us that they could do it better than we could, we would let them do it. But we've tested with all of them and they know that the economics don't work.
Q - Scot Ciccarelli: Okay.
A - Austin Ligon: We're still their biggest customers and we're good buddies with all of them.
Q - Scot Ciccarelli: Got it and then the last question is, is there something that DRIVE learned about their business with you guys that made them change their parameters? Because it sounded like, if anything, some of the statistics you had gotten from CAF, et cetera, and because how you price your cars, I thought the business with those guys could actually expand, and it seems like they're pulling back. Is there something that they kind of discovered that they weren't happy with?
A - Austin Ligon: We thought that's true but -- we thought that as well, but I will let Keith talk about it a little bit.
A - Keith Browning: The real key is, is when they looked at the contribution by state. There are several states where there are rate caps and since the losses were enough favorable to offset the rate caps imposed by the states, their returns were inferior on those and so they were really just trying to balance the portfolio to reflect and to try to minimize their losses in the rate cap states by being very, very selective on cars that wouldn't have as much depreciation. And when they did that, the cannibalistic impact on high probability cars just made no sense for us to continue an offer in those particular states. In the other states, I think the relationship is strong. We are still working with them on trying to enhance the relationship and buy deeper. It's where they have a limit on what spread they can get to offset their very high loss rates, even with us.
Q - Scot Ciccarelli: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
A - Austin Ligon: Sure, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Armstrong.
Q - Bill Armstrong: Hi, just a follow-up to that last question. Could you tell us which states are subject to those interest rate caps? I understand Florida is one of them. Are there other ones?
A - Keith Browning: The two largest ones were Texas and Florida. With the broadest number of stores impacted by it.
A - Austin Ligon: Texas and Florida are also our two lowest credit rating states. I mean they are states that have the most opportunity for secondary finance.
Q - Bill Armstrong: Right. With the buying center, is the idea at least partially to increase wholesale volume?
A - Austin Ligon: Well, the first and foremost idea is to sort of, if you step back and think about it, if you are shopping for -- particularly if you're shopping for a new car and you have a trade-in, it's absolutely irrational for you to go in to a dealer if there is a CarMax in your market without the appraisal in your hand from CarMax. You are going without the single most important piece of information that will help you negotiate. And we recognize that we're not going to sell all of the cars. Some people want to buy a new model car and that's what their heart is set on, but we absolutely want to appraise all of the cars out there. And we find that for sheer convenience reasons, a lot of people go shopping for a new car. They don't come -- they don't leave the trade area they are shopping in. 40% of the people buy a car at the first store they walk into. So first and foremost, it's to try to further penetrate that portion of the market that's not coming to us for an appraisal. What do we get out of it? One, we get a chance to buy a retail car that will diversify our inventory, it helps over the long-term, reduce our dependence on auctions, so that we have maximum flexibility there. Two, it can provide a wholesale car for our wholesale auction and we have always found kind of perversely that if you're going to buy stuff you don't want, buying more of it is better than buying less of it, because the more you have, the more dealers you will get, the better price realization you will get. And three, even if we don't buy a car, we get a piece of information that helps us to evaluate the tone of the market in terms of -- every time somebody rejects an offer, that tells us something about where is the market right now for that type of car. And when you aggregate all of that data, it really helps us to understand the used car market. And finally, it helps keep all of the other dealers honest by not allowing them to, what's known in the trade as steal the trade. That is, undervalue the trade to the consumer. And when we raise our competitors' cost on trade-ins, it forces them to not be able to play as many games on other things. So our view is, it's got a whole variety of positive effects. It may well have some corollary positive effects in terms of getting some people who come in, they see the offer, they like CarMax and they think, well gee, do you have a store nearby, maybe I should go shop with you. That would be pure gravy. It's primarily those wholesale-related effects and the acquisition-related effects, but it's not just to buy cars for the wholesale lot. And it's that totality of effects that makes us so excited about doing it.
Q - Bill Armstrong: Okay. With the buying center, what metrics will you use to gauge its success?
A - Austin Ligon: Do we buy enough cars and generate enough gross margin to pay for the cost? It would be one. And if you don't do that, then we would ask ourselves why not, because as we have looked at the economics, it seems like that ought to be pretty doable and we will look at where are we currently drawing appraisals from without this, what did we add to it, is there anything in terms of our marketing effort? Are peoples' awareness that's there. If we do achieve that, then the question really becomes, how many can you buy, what's the mix, what can we learn about, is this too small, should we have a bigger site? There was a bigger site down the road that we could have chosen, cost a lot more money. We decided to go with the less expensive test. It would be a great thing to learn that we should have bought the bigger, more expensive site. So, sort of everything you can think of there, but the first thing is: will it cover its own cost? That's kind of the first hurdle.
Q - Bill Armstrong: How will you be able to measure if the buying center isn't simply cannibalizing appraisals from your other CarMax stores in the Atlanta market?
A - Austin Ligon: Well, we track every appraisal we do. We know what ZIP codes they come from. And so one of the things, we won't be able to track it exactly, but one of the things we will be able to look at is, how is the performance at Norcross in particular, which is the nearest store, going from the ZIP codes that it's currently attracting from, and how many of the appraisals in this new location are coming from people who are in those existing ZIP codes versus people who are in ZIP codes where we get very little business. So we're usually pretty good at getting plus or minus 5 or 10% accurate on what cannibalization is. And secondly, I'm sure we'll do some surveying to understand where else have you shopped, where else did you consider, how much of this is true incremental business of people who are only going to shop new cars in that area. But I think we're pretty confident of our ability to sort it out.
Q - Bill Armstrong: And will these cars just feed the Norcross store, or will it be spread out amongst your other Atlanta market stores as well?
A - Austin Ligon: No, we will spread them, although they will probably be processed at Norcross. Hopefully, we are going to buy so many cars that Norcross won't be able to process all of them. But we'll actually distribute the cars according to where our inventory model says they would sell best. As far as the auction cars, I think most of them will be sold through Norcross, but it really depends on the volume.
Q - Bill Armstrong: Okay, just two more quick questions if I could. You said earlier, Austin, that you suspect although you cannot prove that your auctions get higher prices than other peoples' auctions. What sort of makes you suspect that?
A - Austin Ligon: When I say can't prove, what I mean is we can't -- we have not yet quantified to our satisfaction that we're willing to share the data. What makes us believe that is, first and foremost, the dealer to car ratio. Something that is generally true in auctions is the number of bidders there are per item being sold has a strong effect on pricing, and we find that across our own auctions. So we know that an auction that has two bidders per car is not going to get as good a price realization as an auction that has three or four bidders per car across our own auction environment. So we see variations and price realization across our own auctions. And we also know a lot about the other auctions. We have tested cars there, we have seen what our price realization is when we take them other places. So we're actually fairly confident that there's a difference there. It's really quantifying that difference that we're not ready to do right now. And I am not sure that, even if we could do it, that we would share it with you. It may remain one of those little secrets of our own.
Q - Bill Armstrong: And just finally, the $5 million cost to move your data center. Just for modeling purposes, what quarter or quarters do you think that those costs will hit?
A - Keith Browning: We don't have it in front of us right now.
A - Austin Ligon: We don't have it in front of us. Originally, it was supposed to hit last year. So it is starting to hit the beginning of this year. This is a holdover from last year. It's something that we expected to get done last year and it has just taken longer.
A - Keith Browning: I guess the transition costs, the bulk of those will hit the first of the year and then the rest is depreciation and having duplicate servers, et cetera, that is going to have a higher cost.
A - Austin Ligon: So the bigger chunk of it will probably be the first half of the year.
Q - Bill Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Heifler.
Q - Mike Heifler: Thank you, good morning everyone.
A - Austin Ligon: Good morning.
Q - Mike Heifler: I just like to delve a little bit more into this 2 to 8% comp guidance range. It just seems like GM and Ford, they're reducing their capacity, they are talking about reducing incentives. It seems like the new vehicle pricing environment is moving to more stability. And then also when we look at the wholesale pricing, it seems like you guys expect that to moderate. So why shouldn't we be thinking that you guys should be at the middle to high-end of this range? Why is there a two in that range?
A - Austin Ligon: If you can, if you can guarantee me that Ford and General Motors are actually able to execute these strategies, and that from your lips to God's ears in terms of the new car environment. Two years ago, that’s what everybody thought too, and that's how we got thrown such a curve ball is GM absolutely believed they were going to be able to increase sales and raise prices. I think the challenge is that for all their best efforts, it’s been very difficult for them to predict 90 days down the road what they're actually going to do. And I dearly hope they are successful because they need to dramatically decrease production. I, like a lot of folks, think they're probably not moving fast enough on that and so one of the things I suspect is that market forces will intervene and cause them to accelerate their plans. I may be wrong, but I think any reasonable person would look over the last several years and say, while what you say is true in concept, it's very difficult to predict how large organizations with large unionized work forces in an extraordinarily competitive environment are going to react. And we have seen in the last two years some extreme behavior and this price war has been going on since '97 now. So I agree with you that if those things would happen, if the wholesale market would moderate, if Rick Wagner and Bill Ford's plans go forward smoothly and they negotiate a deal with the unions and they reduce production pretty quickly and the economy stays healthy and nobody else is too aggressive, we may get a more docile environment. And you would think that in that environment, we ought to be at the midpoint or above based on everything we know.
Q - Mike Heifler: So it's just an extra measure of conservatism that you guys are expanding the range?
A - Austin Ligon: Sure, and expanding it primarily downward because we're just saying, look, the market has -- the new car guys have proven that they can throw curve balls nobody expects, and we're getting better at adjusting to them, but that doesn't mean we're perfect.
Q - Mike Heifler: Okay and just on the SG&A, you guys talked about some of the moving parts here. There is a $5 million year-over-year increase from the data center. You also talked about in the fourth quarter that there were some positives from healthcare and property tax. Could you kind of like go through what are the big moving pieces here on a year-over-year basis on the SG&A when we look at '07 versus '06?
A - Austin Ligon: Well, I think you just talked about two of them, and I don't know if Keith has anything else he wants to mention.
A - Keith Browning: I don't think there is anything. I think that the one challenge we have is with the fourth quarter openings next year, you're going to get a lot of SG&A but not a lot of sales. So that’s probably the only other thing worth mentioning.
A - Austin Ligon: But the real bottom-line is, each point of comp sales makes a big difference. And if we were able to finish above the midpoint of the range or even at the high end of the range, that would overwhelm everything else in terms of SG&A impact.
Q - Mike Heifler: Okay, then just one last one, Austin. Do you have any comments in terms of the status for the CEO search? And, is there an update on the timeframe there?
A - Austin Ligon: Yeah, well. Obviously if there were, we would have announced it because its public information for everybody. And the answer is, we think it's going well. We're talking to candidates, but we don't have anything to announce yet.
Q - Mike Heifler: Is there a shortlist right now?
A - Austin Ligon: I wouldn't comment on that.
Q - Mike Heifler: Okay, thanks.
A - Austin Ligon: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Nemer.
Q - Matthew Nemer: Good morning everyone.
A - Austin Ligon: Hi Matt.
Q - Matthew Nemer: Just a quick question on wholesale prices. It seems like you guys have done a great job of taking advantage of rising prices, particularly in the wholesale segment. And I am wondering if the supply factors increased in the back half of this year and in 2007, how do you see that -- and prices come down, how do you see that impacting your business? Is there as much leverage moving in the other direction?
A - Austin Ligon: Well, our general belief would be, to the degree that prices come down, the averages that everybody looks at hide a much more complex reality. Last year, it looked like wholesale prices were going up or staying flatter in a fairly moderate way. What was really going on is that SUVs were in total collapse and compacts and mid-size were showing unprecedented strength we've never seen in any other year. To the degree that we saw prices fall in a way that it created some real opportunities in the marketplace, then what we guess is that would help sales and hurt wholesale some. But that is almost always a great trade-off in our experience is, that what you give up in wholesale, if it helps sales is almost always a big positive. So, I would love to see a return to some segments where you have some inventory that is priced at levels where we can offer very attractive sales compared to new cars on inventory that we can sell better than anybody else. Historically, a good example of that kind of inventory is Mitsubishi, which is not as well known a brand name. But when we put a good quality Mitsubishi car on our lot next to a Honda, a Toyota, a Ford and a Chevrolet, and people see the price value at times when those cars have really been driven down in the marketplace, we've literally been able to sell them like proverbial hotcakes. There was about a four or five month period of time where Grand Cherokees fell into that spot, Explorers have been there before. So it really depends not just on the average pricing environment, but specifically what happens on individual chunks of cars, and is there softness that we can really take advantage of to drive sales. And to the degree there is, that usually correlates with less of an opportunity in wholesale.
Q - Matthew Nemer: Okay. And just to take that a step further, if there is an environment where prices are declining across the board because off-lease returns to the market and the rental guys have a lot of cars that they are flowing back into the wholesale market, does it make as much sense to have a separate car buying center? And then as a second question, can you participate in any direct upstream remarketing where you can buy these cars without going to the auctions?
A - Austin Ligon: And absolutely, we test the car buying center independent of the wholesale environment over the last two years. I mean, in many ways, you might say, what took us so long because it's a great idea in any environment because it's a great place to get retail cars, particularly the unique retail cars. So even though the off-lease and off-rental cars are out there and they give you pricing opportunities, you will never get a Honda Odyssey minivan with low miles out of a lease or a rental fleet. You won't get it with any miles out of those fleets. You buy those from the customers, and expanding our ability to buy from customers makes sense. So we'd do this in any environment. In terms of direct purchase, we talk to everybody. We're the biggest buyer out there. They all know us and they all know that we are able to write a check for any quantity of cars we want to buy any day. When it comes to manufacturers, their remarketing departments are often tempted to deal directly with CarMax. But when they do and it gets to be a large quantity, usually you have a revolt in the dealer ranks. So from time to time, we see opportunities there. I don't believe that it's ever going to change and become something that we could consistently skirt the auction system with. The second thing is, they see us as a big buyer and this is where buyers and sellers always have a challenge is they like us to pay more and we'd like to pay less. And that's why we often meet at the auction because that's often the best place for us to come to a common view. But we certainly -- rental companies, off-lease companies and manufacturers, we talk to them all of the time. And when they have something that they want us to look at, we always look, and from time to time there is an opportunity to buy in quantity.
Q - Matthew Nemer: Okay, and then the last question is, you guys I think developed the gold standard in inventory management, and now there are a few players that have attempted to come up with an off-the-shelf version of inventory management. And I am wondering if you have seen any of these pieces of software and what your impression is?
A - Austin Ligon: Well actually, I think the first piece of software that somebody brought in to show us has probably been four or four and a half years ago now. And the basic logic of what we do is pretty straightforward and it's actually some of the logic we stole from other folks who were doing it on pencil and paper. I mean the logic of tracking your inventory and trying to figure out what sells better and what sells less well seems to make sense. It's amazing that not more people do it. I think the software that is out there now is, as far as we have seen so far, is a step more sophisticated. The challenge is really, the software has to integrate into an operating environment. You have to have a used car manager who is willing to provide all of the completely honest and transparent data on what cars he has, how old they are, what their true cost is. He has to know what their true cost is and that often gets confided in the whole trade-in charade in a dealership. And he has to be willing to manage to what that data tells him. And it's really more the willingness of management to use these tools than it is the availability of the tools that has been the holdup. There have been people out trying to market these tools for a good four years now. Having said that, it doesn't mean we don't take it seriously. We're looking at all of these things and we obviously are going to be curious about how willing are people to discipline themselves in this arena. Historically, there has not been a lot of willingness for self-discipline and if you really get into and understand the incentives for individual used car managers, and how they run their business, and the, let's say the advantages of having less than full information available to the store manager or the ultimate owner, there's a lot of resistance. That's what most people have always told us is the real resistance comes from the used car manager because he doesn't want to change the way he does things. He is in charge and he likes having control of the data. And to the degree you take that away from him, it dramatically changes the way things are run. It's also extraordinarily difficult to have a true cost picture in a negotiated environment. So we are certainly watching these things and we are conscious of them as competitive forces out there. But historically, the actual take-up in used rate has been fairly low. The efforts are getting bigger though, that's for sure.
Q - Matthew Nemer: Okay, thanks very much.
A - Austin Ligon: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Thompson.
Q - Tom Thompson: Thanks, Austin, thanks an awful lot for the great detail and your tremendous insight on the business. I hope that it continues under the new management.
A - Austin Ligon: Remember, most of the insight comes from other people who work here. I'm just the person who gets to talk.
Q - Tom Thompson: Well, I learn a lot every time I listen to you. My question is, when do you expect the Charlottesville store to open, and what can you tell us about the parameters: physical, economic, expected returns, that sort of thing?
A - Austin Ligon: I think it's the third quarter in the fall. In terms of size, it's going to be roughly the size of the first satellite store we opened, about 13,000 square feet. The configuration will be a little different and it will be designed to have a slimmed-down management team appropriate to the 100, the 175-car range that you might be able to sell in a market like that. In terms of return expectations, the return expectations would be within the same model range that we would have. To be honest, we're kind of pushing the envelope here in terms of historical sales experience, because if we achieve the same sorts of market share that we achieved in Richmond, it will be profitable and offer a return, but not a huge one. One of the things we want to learn about small markets, some of our small markets have really overperformed in market share and in pace to that market share by going to a market that's much smaller. One of the questions is: Will everybody in Charlottesville know we are there in four weeks, and will our market share accelerate, and can it go even higher, will we get 100% cross-shopping from everybody in the market? Probably not, but I mean trying to learn things like that is one of the key things we want to learn. It also, just learning how to operate a store with a smaller management team of the sort that we would need either in a small market or in a small trade area of a large market. We think we will learn a lot out of that and it will help us understand how to do all our small stores, including our small satellite stores, more profitably.
Q - Tom Thompson: Thanks.
A - Austin Ligon: Okay. Thanks very much, I think that's the last question. Thanks very much for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this now concludes today's CarMax fourth quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.
