===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Kimco Realty First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; David Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Please refer to the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our quarterly supplemental financial information on the Kimco Investor Relations website. Also, in the event, our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible. And if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. I will start out with a summary of our stellar Q1 highlights, provide an update on our strategy going forward and address the macroeconomic environment. Ross will follow with an update on the transaction market and as usual, Glenn will provide details on our financial metrics and guidance. We started 2025 with robust momentum, demonstrating the power of Kimco's strategy focused on high-quality grocery-anchored shopping centers. Our results speak to our ability to consistently execute. Our operating performance for the quarter was exceptionally strong. We signed 583 leases, totaling 4.4 million square feet, delivering blended pro-rata cash rent spreads of 13.3%, including remarkable new lease spreads of 48.7%, the highest we've achieved in over seven years. Occupancy remains healthy at 95.8% pro-rata with small shops climbing 20 basis points year-over-year to 91.7%. The demand for our high-quality centers is clear as we completed nine grocery leases this quarter, which enabled us to reach our strategic target of deriving 85% of our annual base rent from these essential, necessity-driven properties. Notably, we finalized multi-pack deals with Sprouts Farmers Market, Dollar Tree, Five Below, Barnes & Noble, and others year-to-date, including April. This achievement highlights the competitive advantage provided by our significant scale, strategic market positioning and best-in-class leasing team. Same property NOI outperformed as it grew 3.9%, driven by healthy leasing activity, rent growth and disciplined cost management. Tenant credit loss remain favorable at just 56 basis points, reflecting our portfolio's diversity and stability even amidst the bankruptcies of Party City, Big Lots and Joann's. Demand for these spaces have been exceptionally strong. For Party City, we started the year with 49 leases and we have successfully resolved half of these already with 12 being assigned and another 17 either leased or at lease with a blended rent spread of approximately 35%. We also have LOIs for nearly all the remaining spaces. Similarly for Big Lots, we have three spaces at lease with a blended average spread of approximately 45% and LOIs for most of the 11 remaining boxes. Our ability to quickly backfill and upgrade these spaces underscores Kimco's differentiated leasing platform and the benefits of well-located, high-quality grocery-anchored shopping centers. Despite macroeconomic fluctuations and tariff changes, consumer behavior has remained resilient as foot traffic at our centers is up year-to-date with April continuing this positive trend. This resilience is not surprising. Considering seven of our top 10 retailers by annual base rent are either grocers or off-price retailers, and the vast majority of our top 50 retailers include additional grocers, investment-grade tenants, or retailers that are one of the top in their respective category. Nevertheless, we remain vigilant, closely monitoring markets, employment trends, inflation and interest rates to proactively address any emerging challenges and capitalize on opportunities as they arise. Turning to transactions. We completed the strategic $108 million acquisition of The Markets at Town Center in Jacksonville, a premier grocery-anchored asset that aligns perfectly with our investment strategy. Additionally, we continue to benefit from our structured investment program, creating a pipeline of unique investment opportunities positioned for future external growth. As the current macro environment continues to evolve, our rock solid balance sheet with $2 billion in liquidity provides another competitive advantage. Additionally, we repaid approximately $550 million of debt during the quarter, significantly reducing near-term maturities and enhancing our financial flexibility. Moody's affirmed our Baa1 rating and upgraded our outlook to positive, further validating our prudent balance sheet management. Reflecting confidence in our long-term prospects, we repurchased 3 million shares at an average price of $19.61 subsequent to quarter end, capitalizing on significant market and valuation dislocation in April. Given our strong first quarter results and visibility into upcoming rent commencements, we are pleased to raise our full-year guidance for both net income and FFO per diluted share. Looking ahead, our priorities remain straightforward and consistent, continue driving strong leasing results, actively backfill spaces and upgrade tenancy, and maintain our prudent approach to capital allocation and leverage Kimco's financial strength to capitalize on opportunities as they arise. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. We had a productive first quarter and a strong start to the second quarter. As Conor touched upon, we have built our strategy, team, portfolio and balance sheet to be resilient, allowing us to adapt to changing market conditions and unforeseen events. This flexibility often creates the best and most unique opportunities for us to pursue. In the first quarter, we closed on a $100 million in net acquisitions, including the previously mentioned acquisition, The Markets at Town Center in Jacksonville, which originated from our structured program as the loan matured. Additionally, we acquired the fee interest in two Las Vegas grocery-anchored shopping centers. We are currently within our net acquisition target for 2025 with planned activity net neutral. We kicked off the second quarter funding a $35 million senior loan on a grocery-anchored center in South Florida with an 8% coupon and a well-protected basis of 65% loan to value. Consistent with all of our structured investments, we retained a right of first offer or ROFO on this asset in the event our borrower looks to sell while our capital is outstanding. We anticipate funding a second senior loan on a high-quality asset in New York for total proceeds of approximately $24 million during the current quarter. This investment will also have a ROFO. With respect to structured investment repayments given the increase in interest rates and market volatility, we believe the likelihood of repayment in 2025 is low. Nevertheless, we have factored some potential repayments into our FFO guidance and are confident that we can redeploy any proceeds to maintain a net neutral position. On the disposition side, we have identified a number of potential long-term ground leases, multifamily entitlements, and non-income producing assets in our portfolio that are lower growth and right for sale. We expect to sell in the range of $100 million to $150 million of these assets in 2025 and have identified a future pipeline, which we intend to continue to monetize in later years as another accretive funding source as well as a strategy to remove lower growth properties from our portfolio. We plan to reinvest into higher yielding, higher growth opportunities with that capital. Looking at the broader market, given the ongoing uncertainty of the tariffs, trade dynamics, and consumer and retailer appetite, the outlook for transaction volumes and cap rates remain cautious with buyers and sellers in a bit of a wait-and-see mode. Up through the end of the first quarter, we had seen pricing for high-quality centers consistently in the sub 6% cap range with a very deep pool of bidders. This made competition fierce and accretive acquisitions challenging. However, with our strong balance sheet and financial flexibility, we believe the current environment has the potential to create unique opportunities for us in both acquisitions and structured investments, and we are well positioned to capitalize on them. I'll now pass it to Glenn for the detailed quarterly results and updated 2025 outlook.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. 2025 is off to a solid and active start evidenced by double-digit leasing spreads, solid same-site NOI growth and strong demand for vacant Party City and Big Lots boxes. In addition, our superior liquidity position and modest upcoming debt maturities position us well to be opportunistic. Now for some details on our strong first quarter results, followed by our increased full-year 2025 outlook. FFO was $301.9 million or $0.44 per diluted share for the first quarter 2025. This compares favorably to last year's first quarter FFO of $261.8 million or $0.39 per diluted share, a per share increase of 12.8%. The key drivers of the FFO increase were higher pro-rata NOI of $23.1 million attributable to strong same-site NOI growth, contributing $15 million and an increase in lease termination income of $5.3 million. Also, we had improved credit loss of 56 basis points as compared to 62 basis points last year. Other FFO drivers include a $6.8 million benefit from growing financing income attributable to our structured investment program offset by lower interest income of $5.2 million and higher interest expense of $5.2 million. We had a very productive quarter within the operating portfolio. Our leased versus economic occupancy spread increased by 20 basis points to 290 basis points. The spread is comprised of 385 leases with total annual base rents of $60 million. Of this amount, we expect about 60% of these leases to commence with $16 million anticipated to be received within this year. Combined with the $14 million from rents that began in the first quarter, a total of $30 million in rent is projected to commence and be collected in 2025, reflecting a $5 million increase from previous quarter's estimate. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the first quarter with consolidated net debt to EBITDA of 5.3x, and on a look through basis, including pro-rata, joint venture debt and preferred stock outstanding at 5.6x, matching our best levels for these metrics. Our debt maturities for 2025 are modest with just one bond totaling $240.5 million maturing in June and no other maturities until July, 2026. As Conor mentioned, we took advantage of our strong balance sheet and liquidity position by utilizing our common stock buyback program in early April in response to the market sell off and our stock trading at a significant discount. We opportunistically repurchased 3 million common shares at an average price of $19.61 per share, representing an FFO yield of approximately 9% and a 24% discount to consensus NAV. Now for an update on our 2025 full-year outlook. Based on our strong first quarter results, the security of our long-term leases with strong credit tenants and visibility into future cash flow growth coming from near-term rent commencements, we are confident in raising our FFO from the previous range of $1.70 to $1.72 per diluted share to a new range of $1.71 to $1.74. Our updated range reflects per share growth between 3.6% to 5.5% over 2024. Our updated FFO per share outlook range incorporates, same-site NOI growth of positive 2.5% or better, an increase of 50 basis points from our initial assumption factoring in the vacating of all leases with Party City and Big Lots that were not assigned to other tenants as well as those with Joann's at the end of May. As a result, we expect our occupancy to temporarily dip in the second quarter, followed by an increase thereafter. Further, the spread between our leased versus economic occupancy should expand, providing additional cash flow growth for the remainder of 2025 and into 2026. We are maintaining our credit loss assumption of 75 basis points to 100 basis points as a precautionary measure. Our other outlook assumptions remain unchanged from our initial 2025 outlook. I want to thank all our associates whose unwavering efforts contributed to our solid results. While we cannot control the abrupt swings in the capital markets, we remain confident that we can deliver growth for our shareholders. And we are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Credit loss in the first quarter was 56 basis points, which compares to your full-year reserve of 75 basis points to 100 basis points. So I just want to understand the dynamics of what happened in the quarter and how the rest of the year can play out relative to your expectations. So can you put the 56 basis points so far this year into context of where that has landed compared to prior years? And then do you have any other visibility to tenants on your watchlist or other areas of concern? And just like how does that set up and reconcile with that 75 basis points to 100 basis points that you put out at the start of the year? Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Michael, for the question. So I think it's important to lay it out starting off with our bankruptcies and how we treat those. So when you look at Party City, Big Lots and Joann's from a guidance perspective, those assumptions are all baked in our minimum rent line for our guidance. So inside our plan, we have Big Lots out for the entire year. Party City, we had vacating March 1st, and then Joann's, we have them estimated to vacate at the end of May. So for reference, Party City ended up staying past that, that March date. So that benefit is really seen in our minimum rent line. Now, on the flip side, if Joann's was to go out earlier, you would see that being covered in what we say our credit loss assumption is within our guidance. So credit loss is really made up of two items in our assumptions. One side of it is the potential for uncollectible receivables, so our cash basis that we talk about. And historically that's been around the 75 basis point range. Obviously for Q1, you heard that we were lower at 56 basis points, which is a positive metric. The second part of our credit loss assumption in our guidance is really related to unbudgeted tenants that either vacate or file for bankruptcy and weren't in our original planning in rents. So for reference, you look at two of our watchlist tenants At Home and Rite Aid, if they were to vacate the second half of the year, that would be about 15 basis points. So in our credit loss assumption for that unexpected vacates, we have about 20 basis points to 25 basis points in there. So that 15 basis points from Rite Aid and At Home would be covered in our credit loss assumption for that. So seeing as where the market is and the uncertainties out there, we still feel very confident with that 75 basis points to 100 basis points that we have in our assumption.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good morning. I believe it's been quite some time since you last repurchased shares. I think it was back to 2018 or so. Can you just walk through the internal discussions you had versus other potential capital uses?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I think it's a good question. I think when you look at the situation that we were in, obviously there was only a few days we had post Liberation Day, before we went into a blackout when we saw our shares trade off dramatically. And I applaud our team to really circle up quickly and identify that we had a tremendous amount of free cash flow for this year. We had some disposition proceeds that we had not only executed in the quarter, but also had identified for the remainder of the year. And we felt like when you look at the FFO yield, the discount to NAV and really sort of the opportunity set of buying Kimco at those levels, it was hard to say that there was another use of proceeds that was better suited. So we really only had about three trading days to really execute. But we felt good about the opportunity. We felt like it was a time to pounce. And again, we also point to the fact that we issued equity at over $25, really not only just a few months ago. So it is sort of unique to be in a position where the volatility in the market creates these types of opportunities, and we feel like we need to have every tool in the toolbox to be able to take advantage of these dislocations and really sort of showcase that when the opportunity presents itself, Kimco is ready to pounce.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Good morning, everybody. Hey Glenn, just looking at the supplement, what's driving the higher reimbursements in the quarter and maybe help us understand sort of the trajectory for that, for expense recovery for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I mean, recoveries are pretty strong. You have good collections. I think the other thing that is, we have a lot of tenants that are on fixed cam, so the recoveries there, those are pretty well set relative to the expenses that are going out the door. So some of it's a little bit of timing. We also did a little bit better on our insurance costs than we anticipated. So that also helped.
Conor Flynn: That's one of the benefits. Again, we try and identify benefits of scale and advantages of scale, and I think our insurance cost came in below what we anticipated from a budget standpoint. So that is one that again, because of the diversity of the portfolio, the great results we've had in terms of loss prevention. So that really is a testament, I think, to the team and the property management team and our insurance team.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning out there. So just a question, clearly, it's a uncertain macro backdrop. Despite your strong first quarter, most companies out there have – even if they had a good first quarter, they maintain guidance unless it was something truly like one time-ish outsized. So either you guys are packing a lot more punch in there that gave you the confidence to raise, or what else is giving you that comfort? Just, I mean, there's a whole host of risks out there, whether it's unforeseen, tenant bankruptcies, job loss or whatever, but clearly you guys are setting yourself up for a better outlook. So just want to really understand what key drivers gave you that confidence.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. It is a good question, Alex. I think when you look at the setup we have, clearly first quarter was a quarter that we thought with the bankruptcy noise in the market with the uncertainty of the consumer. There's a lot of soft data out there that we identify that is really obviously gone pretty negative post Q1. The hard data though continues to be in our favor. If you look at our traffic, which is really a leading indicator, the consumer continues to shop with their feet and really it shows up in not only Q1, but also in April that we're posting very strong positive numbers in terms of traffic. The leasing demand continues to be rock solid. I think that's another piece of it that gives us a lot of confidence. You look at the sign, but not open pipeline and the forecasting we can do on that cash flow coming in, it really gives us a lot of confidence to say that even if there's a significant pullback, that wide moat of that future cash flow coming online will still drive significant earnings growth going through this year and into next year. So you put that in – combine that with the strength of our balance sheet, the strength of our team, we really feel good about sort of the setup we have because we've done a lot of work to position ourselves for these types of environments. We've done a lot of work over the last decade to be really sort of Kimco is in a great spot to take advantage of these dislocations and to prove out that like our thesis of reinventing the portfolio, improving the balance sheet, investing in our people will really pay off in these types of environments.
Conor Flynn: I would just add. The first quarter, we are a penny ahead of what we thought our budget was going to be. So a couple of things, Party City stayed in a little bit longer than what we had originally budgeted, so that was definitely a healthy operating metrics were better, as I just mentioned, our insurance costs are a little bit lower, and we've been very, very conscious about where the spending is going. So those all help. In addition, we have good visibility into the snow pipeline and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we feel really good about where those are coming on, and those are ahead of schedule as well. So between those two things, and then buying back the stock, which was not part of the plan when we started the year, combine all that together, it gives us a lot of confidence about where we've raised guidance to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. It's Nick Joseph here with Craig. Recognized it's only been a month, but just would like your kind of color on how tenant conversations and how the leasing pace has been in April post the tariffs?
Ross Cooper: Yes. Sure. Appreciate the question. So obviously we came off a really strong Q1 and the expectation for everybody is what's to come. And so when you look at April already, we're about 46% of our total deal to execute relative to last year. So we're maintaining that pace in a very healthy way. And actually on the non-anchored side, we're about 65% ahead of plan as it relates to last year. So when you're doing a comparable year-over-year, we are maintaining this pace and having good visibility into what we've already done in April. And then when we look at our pipeline relative to last year, and I'm using that as a comparison as being somewhat stable, you're continuing to see the look through as being very robust. And so year-to-date and what we expect through moving into Q2 is a path and a track that's still remains healthy as it relates to the conversations. The conversations continue to look at – look through the short-term volatility. Retailers are really about long-term strategic planning. There is a history of disruption and a lot of retailers have learned from the past that it's very difficult to stop a retail growth program and then to accelerate or reinstated in time. And so I think what you're seeing is just understanding that the short-term volatility in the market doesn't want to disrupt what their long-term growth plans are. So we're continuing to see these opportunities to do package deals, as Conor mentioned in his prepared remarks with Sprouts. We did five deals with Sprouts in Q1. We did those not only as a package, but we did those in under 21 days, which is truly exceptional. And so I think it's a demonstration of not only our commitment to working closely with the retailer, but the retailer's desire to also get these deals done as quickly as possible because they want to continue to hit their growth profile, get these stores open, get them cash flowing. And so there's a mutual benefit there and our whole team is structured around how do we get this done quicker, remove friction from the process to execute these deals sooner so we can get focused on the core of their business, which is really opening and operating the stores. And then when you look through it, Glenn mentioned like the snow pipeline in terms of the activations and the openings, we have $16 million remaining in the pipeline that started to – that's expected to flow through 2025, nine of which is expected to flow in Q2 alone. That said, we already have half of that committed in open in the month of April. So we're continuing to see the momentum as planned through our guidance and the look through for the balance of the year as being fairly strong. And on the retention side, always the opportunity for retailers to reconsider or rethink where they want to position their store and location. We're right now trending year-to-date over 90% on our retention levels, which is slightly ahead of plan where we were last year by about 5%. When you look at a [naked] leases of anchors that have no options remaining, we had 25 remaining and we're at 99% resolved at this point. So again, it's just further evidence in demonstrating from the retailer side that they're committed to the space, they're committed to the physical brick-and-mortar and the quality of our products such that there's a greater value in staying and leaving. And for us it's really incumbent that we stay very close to the retailers as they do navigate this volatility, but create opportunities as well for both sides.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, guys. Good morning. Appreciate the color on the Big Lots, Party City and Joann's, outcomes and expectations. I was hoping you could add some color on the expected capital required to backfill some of these boxes, the timeline to cash flow from two cash flow from new tenants, and will there be any subdividing of the boxes? Thanks.
Ross Cooper: Yes. Great question. So on the Party City spaces, as Conor mentioned, we had 12 assigned and we had over 13 executed in the quarter. So we actually had over half of those executed or assigned, which is pretty remarkable considering it all happened in under 90 days. And then the balance of those, we almost have the remainder with LOIs are at least, so it's over that 90% basically in some form of resolution with the Joann's, your upwards of two-thirds to 70% in some form of resolution as well. And on the capital side, we're seeing it similar to what we saw on the Bed Bath's way back when. On the Party City's, it's like 40 to 50 bucks a foot for those that have new deals executed on the Joann's around 50 as well. We're targeting obviously, single tenant units. That is the priority one, two, and three initially. And then ultimately if it comes to, to slip box opportunities, it does require a little more capital, but you'll see that reflected in the rents too. So net-net, it's a really good outcome for both sides. We've also converted a handful to grocery, so back to the nine deals that we signed on grocery, a handful of those came from these opportunities that helped us succeed that 85% mark. In terms of expectation of cash flow, because we're able to execute so many, so early this year, there should be a handful that start to cash flow really at the tail end of 2025. It'll have a de minimis impact in terms of cash flow for this current year, but we'll see the full benefit of that in 2026, and then the remainder will start to cash flow in the Q1, Q2 of 2026 as well. So very encouraged by the momentum and the velocity that we're seeing today.
Conor Flynn: It really all ties back to the lack of new supply. I mean, if you think about our sector relative to other commercial real estate sectors, with virtually no new supply coming out of the ground, this is really the opportunity set for the best quality, highest credit tenants to capture market share, especially in areas where they don't currently have presence. And so that's why you're seeing so much demand for these spaces because there's not many vacancies available, especially in a quality shopping centers. And then when you layer on the fact that it's super important to pick your landlord today with a thoughtful approach that who's going to be there through different tumultuous times, retailers have proactively seen what we've been doing with our portfolio reviews, with our package deals, and have been more aggressive on why to do deals with Kimco.
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. I just noticed that the same-store pool count changed a bit quarter-over-quarter. It seems like some of that was moved into the redevelopments. Just curious, I guess what the same-store occupancy change was with and without that pool change, because I didn't see that in the [indiscernible] this quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks for the question, Juan. So yes, we're filing our definition on the same-property NOI, and our goal is really to provide a more consistent performance measure so that when you're looking at the population year-over-year, what's in there is, is providing some consistency. And so what we're doing is we're providing them with and without, which, as you saw with 30 basis points, which is a really small amount that we're showing as a differential
David Bujnicki: Juan, it's Dave Bujnicki. Also, in terms of our same-site, those properties that are excluded that are under redevelopment are flagged on our redevelopment page. We have footnotes. So you could quickly see which ones are excluded from that calculation. And again, we still disclose same-site NOI, both with and without the redevelopment, so you could still see what the impact is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Griffin with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Michael Griffin: Great, thanks. Maybe going back to the backfill strategy and clearly you guys have done a good job of finding assigners for these leases as well as getting a lot of releasing done. Can you give us a sense of how you would justify maybe assigning a lease versus saying, hey, we're going to take it back and try to lease it out. I mean, imagine it's a property by property basis. But are some just not good candidates for redevelopment, like maybe give us a sense of your thought process really between those two buckets?
Conor Flynn: Sure. When you look at the assignees, obviously, are they going to be a compliment to the balance of the center first and foremost. Obviously these are all high-quality retailers, so usually they check the box in that regard. And then when you look at the current economics of the deal, is there a benefit to recapture the space, upgrade the tenancy and drive rent further north. And is worth the invested capital to do so? Could be a consideration. Obviously, if you're taking a space and there's an opportunity to combine it with an adjacent space to accommodate a grocery store, or that space in itself could accommodate a grocer, which is first and foremost the priority for us. And a lot of these cases, that would be a consideration. So you go through the decisions where you look at the suite options that are on the table and make the best obviously financial decision. But also what's best for the long-term value of the site and the compliment to the surrounding merchandise mix to drive value in future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, so looking at the transaction market, whether acquisitions or structured investments, have there been any recent indications of weakening on pricing that may lead to more activity there yet, or have sellers taken a step back. And if cap rates remain sub 6%, does that 19.50-ish level [indiscernible] for the stock buyback remain an attractive option for this year?
Conor Flynn: Yes. It's a great question. We are seeing that in the last month or so since the announcement of the tariffs that there has been a little bit of a wait and see. When you hear – when you see a shock to the system like we had, you don't typically see the impact overnight. So it drags that over a period of time. These deals do have various timelines, so you have to look at sort of where you are in that particular deal. So some deals have still continued to go forward. You have seen other deals that have been put on pause. As it relates to our strategy, we are tasked with investing accretively at a spread to our cost. So we have to evaluate all of the opportunities for our capital. You mentioned the stock buyback and just taking a step back and looking at what we've accomplished over the last six months. We've acquired several assets including Waterford and The Markets at Town Center. We acquired the two fee acquisitions on the grocery-anchored centers in Las Vegas, a couple of structured deals in New Jersey and South Florida, as well as another one that's in the pipeline in New York that I mentioned in the prepared remarks and then of course the buyback of the $60 million of stock. So we have all these tools available to us to invest capital, and at any given point in time, we're really evaluating what is the best use of that. And I would say the beauty of our plan as an organization for 2025 in particular, is that it is not contingent upon our external growth target. So anything that we do with our capital that's accretive and additive to that we'll absolutely consider. But to the extent that it is not attractive, there's plenty of internal opportunities between redevelopment, leasing and otherwise. So it's a really good setup for where we sit today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird. Please go ahead.
Wesley Golladay: Hey, good morning, everyone. Looking at your supplement, you have about 200 million to 365 million of apartment land. Can you tell us about how much of that you'll sell this year?
Conor Flynn: Yes. I think, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that there's 100 million to 150 million of both ground lease opportunities, long-term leases that we'll look to dispose of in addition to some of the entitlements and/or non-income producing assets. What I would tell you is that the majority of that will come from the ground leases. Those are chunkier in nature just in terms of the size based upon the rents and the cap rates that we're able to achieve. So we do anticipate that we'll be able to dispose of some of the entitlements on the margin, but it's going to be a pretty small percentage of that overall land value that we have. We're really looking at each and every one of our redevelopment opportunities on the mixed use side to determine what is the activation strategy and if it's a core or non-core redevelopment opportunity. So I think that we'll monetize around the edges, but we still feel really good about the long-term opportunity of a majority of our land that we have slated for future redevelopment.
Ross Cooper: Okay. Wes, the only other thing I would add is that we feel like this is a program now that we've set up where we can do it recurring year-over-year. So the population of ground leases, the population of entitled land actually continues to grow. And so we feel like that range is achievable year in and year out. And so the mix might be a little different because sometimes the closing of entitled land takes a little bit longer. But we see a lot of opportunity to continue to mine the portfolio and we're still doing deals with ground leases with Home Depot, Walmart, Costco, Lowe's, you name it. So as we sell some of these, we're actually back flowing the portfolio with more product to be put into that 10/31 triple net market to achieve very low cap rates. And the same on the entitled side, you saw we entitled over 400 units this quarter, and we continue to look at that pipeline of opportunities as ways to accretively reinvest, which is very different from the past when we had to transform the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey guys. So following up on the recycling opportunities, obviously the ground rents, those tend to sell for 5% to 6%-ish, maybe even a little bit lower depending on where the rent is to market. Significant accretive opportunities if you were to buyback stock at a 9% plus implied cap rates or sorry, as FFO yields. If you can talk a little bit about the 100 to 150, you say this is going to be a recurring thing, what percentage of that do you estimate could be used to repurchase stock. And also in terms of share repurchases, will you set something up whereby, it's sort of on autopilot depending on the share price or will you want to have control of your share repurchases so that you determine exactly when and where you repurchase based on disposition proceeds?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I think we always want to be in control of our decision making, right? So at any given point in time, things changed pretty quickly. I think Conor outlined, how quickly the team really came together to execute on the buyback that we did just about a month ago. And conversely, I think we outlined a little bit of the thought process behind, when we issued the equity in the fourth quarter. So we really enjoy the fact that we can be nimble. We can make decisions based upon where the market is, what's happening in the macro, what we see in terms of the opportunity set. So in terms of buybacks, stock buybacks, as I alluded to before, we have a host of ways to invest capital accretively between acquisitions, structured redevelopment leasing, buyback is just one of many tools that we have in our tool belt.
Conor Flynn: I just add also, it is also a balance, right? I mean, you can't just buyback loads and loads of stock generally, right? You'll start to have impact on your balance sheet metrics. So we kind of take all the pieces into account, what we can do with the capital accretively while making sure that our balance sheet remains incredibly strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yes. Hi. I think quarter end physical occupancy was 92.9 little under 93. You noted 2Q dip. I was just curious, like where do you think you could end the year? What does guidance baked-in for ending the year on a physical occupancy basis?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. You're talking about economic occupancy right now. So I mean, right now the Joann's obviously if they all vacate as we have in our guidance at the end of May, I think it's about a 68 basis point impact to occupancy. So you're going to have to be navigating the ups and downs with some of that fallout. Obviously our goal is to sustain it and grow it as best we can, but we wouldn't anticipate a bit of a dip in the interim as we – and then offset as we start to get some of these other retailers open through a snow pipeline.
Conor Flynn: We don't embed any occupancy guidance in the numbers. But we do anticipate, obviously a lot of leasing because the momentum is there. The demand is there and we continue to think that. Where we ended last year near our all time high, obviously our goal is to lease as much as possible. And we feel good about both the demand side on the anchored boxes that we're recapturing as well as the demand on the small shop as Dave went through in terms of how far we are ahead of last year at this point in time in the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paulina Rojas with Green Street. Please go ahead.
Paulina Rojas: Good morning. Could you elaborate a bit on the two projects listed under ground up developments, Northtown Plaza and Gordon Plaza, both around 15 million. The projects seem a bit unusual in the sense that they are – they're in existing land and at least one of them seems to involve completely redoing the center. And so more color on that. And if you could indicate if you see more opportunities to pursue similar projects in the future.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Appreciate the question. Yes. So we have two projects that we listed on the stuff this quarter under ground up development. Starting first with Northtown Plaza. If Farley is very well into the five Sprout leases that we talked about earlier. This is Legacy Land acquired from Weingarten transaction several years ago. There's a bunch of vacant parcels that are yet to be developed, but the infrastructure is in place. Currently, there's lows on site. There's a handful of small shop buildings that were constructed that are partially occupied. This is an opportunity in line with Sprouts growth strategy to bring them to the center, which will have a significant upgrade in terms of our ability to lease. Now the remaining vacancy that's already been construction and been sitting there, so it'd be about 23,000 square foot Sprouts. And then we will look to most likely ground lease, the adjacent out parcels that are there. So it's just a continuation of further maturing the site that's been there for a number of years. And then on Gordon Plaza, it was actually an existing shopping center that became somewhat defunct. There was a lot of vacancy. It was somewhat obsolete in its current configuration. So what we ended – what we're ending up doing is actually demolishing the center and doing three major deals, one with Home Depot, one with ALDI, and one with Chase Bank. Our responsibility there is just the infrastructure work. So it's demoing, clearing the site, putting in the critical infrastructure, and then construction's being passed on to adjacent tenants. So both were higher and better uses for the existing land. Obviously that very much is in line with our strategy of always trying to identify highest and best use while also being risk adjusted, making sure that we're seeing the rate of return that's appropriate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. In terms of the 68 bps dip in occupancy in May from Joann, is your expectation that the dip in economic occupancy into 2Q is the trough and would you expect more discernible improvement in 3Q or in 4Q?
Glenn Cohen: I think it's going to be probably in 3Q, yes and into 4Q as you start to get the tenants open from the snow pipeline to offset some of that dip.
Operator: Here's a follow-up question from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey. Conor, just wanted to go back to the RPT and your whole sort of under promise over deliver. Just sort of curious from the time that you did the deal till now. How much extra you're getting out of it and curious, I don't know if you still break out the performance, but how the same-store of that portfolio is trending versus the Kimco portfolio?
Conor Flynn: Thanks for the question, Alex. I think when you look back at the timing of that transaction, it was really Q1 last year, so really that first year of outperformance, I give a lot of credit to the snow pipeline that was really built up by the RPT team. And this is really the first year where I think the Kimco team has been able to shine and showcase what they can do with it. Because in essence, if you signed deals last year, they're really starting to commence this year. And this quarter was the highlight for us, because RPT produced 9.9% same-site NOI for us, which is really incredible when you think about the ability of the team to execute both on the anchors and the small shops, converting a number of those sites to grocery-anchored assets. And we continue to mine for future opportunities. As you know, Mary Brickell Village is the crown jewel there, and we continue to see significant mark-to-market on leases there as well as future density opportunities. So we're excited about that transaction. We continue to squeeze juice out of it. We continue to think it's going to be a big win for Kimco share shareholders over the long-term.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I just also add that on the small shop side, that was a big point that we were highlighting when we acquired the portfolio as an opportunity to increase and just quarter-over-quarter, it's up 50 basis points, year-over-year up over a 100 basis points. So [indiscernible] doing a great job in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Gorman with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Michael Gorman: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe just quickly understanding there's still a lot of demand out there from retailers, they're moving forward with plans. I wonder if in the last month in your conversations there's been any shift in the requests for CapEx work or CapEx budgets or discussions that retailers are going to have to spend more dollars on their supply chain or on holding extra inventory and maybe requests for more build out work. Has any of that shifted in the last 30 days or so?
Conor Flynn: No, it hasn't materially. I think right now there's sort of – they're working through their supply chain issues. Obviously, there's a number of headlines with how retailers have front-loaded their inventory levels into the U.S. They've been working on diversifying their supply chains over the last several years as per the first round of tariffs in the 2017, 2018. So I think a lot of retailers have been preparing for the event. Obviously there's still disruption on their end. But from a cost standpoint right now there's no material impact.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a follow-up question from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. I just wanted to ask how much was traffic up and any differences by region and how does that compare to 1Q…
Conor Flynn: Yes. April traffic is actually up 6% year-over-year. So it's moving. We're continuing to see the activity at the shopping centers. Geographically, it is pretty well evenly distributed. Obviously the south, but also the Pacific Southwest are seeing levels slightly higher than that. So we continue to be encouraged by the activity from the consumer, the resiliency of our product.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thanks for joining our call today. We look forward to meeting a number of you at the upcoming NAREIT Conference in June. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corporation fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on a touch-tone phone. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Senior Investor Relations and Strategy, please go ahead. Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco Realty Corporation's quarterly earnings call.
David Bujnicki: The Kimco Realty Corporation management team participating on the call today includes Conor Flynn, Kimco Realty Corporation CEO, Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer, Glenn Cohen, our CFO, David Jamieson, Kimco Realty Corporation's Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco Realty Corporation's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our quarterly supplemental financial information on the Kimco Realty Corporation investor relations website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. My remarks today will cover the favorable supply and demand dynamics that continue to drive leasing across our portfolio, our well-curated tenant mix that is servicing the healthy Kimco Realty Corporation consumer, and our strategic accomplishments and future goals. Ross will provide an update on the transaction market, and then Glenn will cap things off with our Q4 and year-end results, and our outlook ranges for 2025. I first want to speak to the recently announced changes to the board and our management team.
Conor Flynn: With respect to Milton's retirement from his role as Executive Chairman and Director, on behalf of our entire organization, I want to thank Milton for his leadership, mentorship, and friendship. Milton will always be synonymous with Kimco Realty Corporation, and our ongoing success is a direct result of not only his stewardship but also the passion and optimism that he exudes every day. His enthusiasm for Kimco Realty Corporation is contagious and permeates through our entire organization. The great news is that in his new role as Chairman Emeritus, Milton will continue to challenge us every day and serve as an invaluable resource, making sure we can be the best we can be. Richard Saulsman's new role as Chairman comes at the perfect time. Other than Milton, no one understands the company's history better, and Richard brings vast experience, creativity, and insight to help lead us into the future. Additionally, I want to welcome Ross Cooper and Nancy Lechine to the board. Ross needs no introduction. His leadership role at Kimco Realty Corporation and his reputation in the industry make him a logical addition and will make for an easy transition to board member. As for Nancy, her capital markets and real estate background, along with her energetic and collaborative demeanor, makes for a compelling addition. I am truly excited about our evolving board and believe we are well-positioned as Kimco Realty Corporation moves forward. Now onto the quarter. We continue to drive significant leasing momentum across the Kimco Realty Corporation portfolio. The lack of new supply, now measured at just three-tenths of a percent of existing retail stock, combined with a near-record low national vacancy rate, continues to facilitate strong fundamental results and earnings growth. The only new shopping center development taking place is limited to third and fourth ring suburbs, where population growth has forced sprawl into new areas. Drilling down further, the favorable supply and demand dynamics we're benefiting from today is no accident. Part of our 2025-year strategic vision focused on repositioning our portfolio into first-ring suburbs with natural barriers to entry, making it difficult for new competition to out-position our assets, while at the same time producing natural pricing power advantages. Moreover, the population in these first-ring suburbs continues to grow as more and more people desire to be near central business districts while enjoying the suburban live-work-play experience. Kimco Realty Corporation's densification initiatives dovetail perfectly with the strong demand, pricing power advantages, and demographic trends enjoyed by our high-quality retail centers. More specifically, we reached our goal of entitling 12,000 apartment units a year ahead of schedule, providing the opportunity to further expand our mixed-use portfolio. We continue to believe our ongoing portfolio transformation to a grocery-anchored and mixed-use portfolio positions us to be in the sweet spot of the retail and multifamily sectors for the foreseeable future. At the property level, the Kimco Realty Corporation consumer continues to gravitate toward our merchandising mix of everyday goods and services. We continue to see positive year-over-year traffic increases, both on a quarterly and yearly basis. The average unemployment rate across our portfolio is 20 basis points lower than the national average. The strength in the employment market combined with robust traffic has led to increased sales at our retailers. Our grocery anchors, together with our off-price anchors, form the perfect blend of cross-shopping. This is further enhanced by our service-oriented retailers, including quick-service restaurants, that drive traffic at all points of the day. It's also worth noting that internet-resistant retailers, which include service providers, now make up more than 50% of our new lease volume. We have seen a surge in leasing to medical, health and wellness, fitness, medi-spas, hair, and nail salons that complement our traditional grocery-anchored tenants. In closing, we have built a portfolio in areas characterized by limited supply, high employment, and population growth, and curated our centers to meet the needs of consumers' tastes and preferences. Our portfolio is designed to generate growth and shareholder value. Our team is excited and ready to move the needle in 2025. Thank you for your ongoing support and interest in Kimco Realty Corporation. And now I will turn things over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, for the kind words. I'm honored and excited about being added to the board and cannot be more enthused about the future of our company. First, I'd like to highlight our capital allocation achievements during 2024, starting with the most notable transaction we undertook, which was the RPT Realty acquisition, as we recently celebrated the one-year anniversary of its closing. Reflecting back, the speed and efficiency of our integration have enabled us to exceed our expectations in all facets. It is even clearer today that this was an incredibly opportunistic purchase with an implied cap rate of 8.5%, equating to approximately $165 per square foot, at pricing that could not be replicated in today's market. Beyond our initial underwriting assumptions, we were able to improve cost synergies by approximately 13% to $36 million. Integral to our success was the swift disposition of ten former RPT properties, which did not fit our strict investment criteria, for $248 million for the same cap rate we bought RPT. During the year, our operations team did a remarkable job with this portfolio, signing 57 new leases with an average pro-rata cash rent spread of 52% and completed 98 renewals or option exercises at a blended 9.9% spread. Overall, we increased RPT's occupancy by 120 basis points, with anchors rising 140 basis points and small shops 50 basis points, which helped drive the RPT same-site NOI growth to 6.2%. As we put a bow on 2024, I wanted to quickly summarize our fourth-quarter activity. As previously announced, Kimco Realty Corporation acquired Waterford Lakes Town Center in October, and we have already started to benefit from the purchase. In our view, the timing of this acquisition was ideal, as larger assets and portfolios were priced at a discount compared to smaller, less complex properties. Since that time, that pricing dynamic has shifted. Throughout 2024, we talked about institutional retail capital curiosity and questioned at what point that would convert to action. The ROIC acquisition announcement by Blackstone in November seemed to be the turning point, giving the sector an aggressive stamp of approval that the shopping center sector is one of the top convictions for investment opportunities. This sentiment and excitement for our asset class have continued through year-end and into 2025. As capital has gotten more aggressive on open-air retail, and investors have greater comfort making bigger investments, Waterford Lakes would likely trade at a higher price today. On the structured investment side, we continue to see significant deal flow potential to grow this platform responsibly. Since the inception of this program in 2020, we have touted its benefits for Kimco Realty Corporation. It is a strategy that allows us to get our foot in the door on high-quality real estate, generating outsized returns on a very safe and comfortable basis, while retaining a right to acquire in the future if the borrower elects to sell. To those points, in January of 2025, we successfully converted our first structured investment into an equity ownership position. We accretively purchased the Markets and Town Center in Jacksonville, Florida, for $108 million at a low 7% cap rate using the proceeds we raised from our ATM program in December. Originally sourced as a mezzanine financing in late 2021, we underwrote this property with the premise that it would be a great core acquisition candidate and align well with our own portfolio. While our borrower did a great job in the time they owned the asset, we believe there remains a meaningful opportunity to create additional value. We see significant long-term upside as we continue to push rents and further enhance tenant quality, benefiting from the property's location, which is adjacent to the Simon-owned St. John's Town Center, and the bull's eye of the rapidly growing Jacksonville trade area. Including common area pass-throughs, the competitive advantage we have is that the all-in rents are at a fraction of what St. John's Town Center is able to command. We are confidently looking ahead to 2025 with our outlook establishing us as a net acquirer inclusive of structured investments. The Markets and Town Center acquisition has given us a strong start toward this objective. We will continue to be selective on core acquisitions and structured investments, selecting opportunities accordingly. From a disposition perspective, our portfolio is performing exceptionally well, and we don't see the need for any significant disposition activity. Instead, we will focus on the opportunity to further enhance our growth profile and accretively recycle capital with two new initiatives in 2025. The first initiative is the disposition of several long-term flat ground leases in the portfolio at aggressive cap rates. The second focuses on monetizing select development entitlements where we believe the most prudent approach is to mitigate risk and sell the rights to a developer and still benefit from the densification of our centers. We plan to redeploy the capital from these flat growth and non-income-producing assets into core investments that offer a growing recurring income stream and value-add opportunities. We will continue to provide updates on our progress as we move through the year. I will now pass it on to Glenn for the financial update and outlook.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. We finished 2024 with solid fourth-quarter results, highlighted by robust leasing activity, strong same-site NOI growth, and high single-digit FFO per share growth. In addition, our abundant liquidity position and modest upcoming debt maturities position us well as we start the new year. Now for some details on our fourth-quarter results and our 2025 outlook. FFO for the fourth quarter was $286.9 million or $0.42 per diluted share. This compares favorably to last year's fourth-quarter FFO of $239.4 million or $0.39 per diluted share, representing a per-share increase of 7.7%. Instrumental to this was a $60.8 million or 17.8% increase in total pro-rata NOI to $403.4 million over the same period in the prior year. Key drivers of the NOI growth include $38.1 million from the RPT acquisition, $7 million from other acquisitions, and $15.7 million from the balance of the operating portfolio, which benefited from higher minimum rents due to an acceleration of rent commencements. The NOI growth was offset by greater pro-rata interest expense of $16.4 million due to higher debt levels from the RPT acquisition and the prefunding of the $500 million bond that matures in February 2025. Our operating portfolio fired on all cylinders to end the year. Our year-end portfolio occupancy stood at 96.3%, reflecting a year-over-year increase of 10 basis points despite a 10 basis point sequential decline. This achievement underscores the strength of our leasing pipeline as we effectively managed to offset a nearly 40 basis point impact caused by the vacating of 16 leases associated with Lumber Liquidators, Big Lots, Conn's, and Bob's Stores in the fourth quarter. Same-site NOI growth was 4.5% for the fourth quarter. The primary driver continues to be higher minimum rent contributing 3.8%, mostly from contractual rent increases and faster rent commencements from the signed not open pipeline. In addition, overall NOI continues to benefit from lower credit loss. For the fourth quarter and full year, credit loss was 82 basis points and 75 basis points, respectively, meeting the low end of our 2024 outlook assumption. For the full year 2024, same-site NOI growth was 3.5%, outperforming our previously raised outlook assumption of 3.25% plus. Higher minimum rent was the primary contributor to the growth. As a result of the faster pace of rent commencements, the spread between leased occupancy and economic occupancy compressed to 270 basis points, a change of 40 basis points sequentially, and represents 374 leases totaling $56 million of future annual base rent. We anticipate approximately 80% of this to commence with a total of $25 million in rent being received from the signed but not open pipeline in 2025. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the fourth quarter with consolidated net debt to EBITDA of 5.3 times and on a look-through basis, including pro-rata share of JV debt and preferred stock outstanding of 5.6 times, maintaining our best levels for these metrics. During the fourth quarter, we raised $136.3 million from the sale of 5.4 million shares at an average price of $25.07 per share through our aftermarket common equity offering program. These proceeds were accretively invested toward the acquisition of the Market at Town Center in Jacksonville, Florida, that Ross mentioned. We also conducted a cash tender for the outstanding depository shares representing the 7.25% Class A cumulative convertible perpetual preferred stock, successfully tendering for just over 22% of the shares and reducing the liquidation preference to $71.9 million. Our year-end liquidity position remained very strong, comprised of $690 million of cash and the full availability of our $2 billion revolving credit facility. As a reminder, included in the cash balance is $500 million from the 4.85% long ten-year bond issued in September 2024, which proceeds were invested accretively in short-term interest-bearing instruments. We recently used the cash to pay off our 3.3% $500 million bond on February 3rd. Subsequent to year-end, Moody's affirmed our Baa1 unsecured debt rating and changed our outlook from stable to positive. Our unsecured debt is rated A- with a stable outlook from Fitch, and BBB+ with a positive outlook from S&P. Now to our 2025 outlook. Notwithstanding some of the uncertainty given the economic and political environment, and several recently announced bankruptcy filings by a few additional tenants, we remain confident about the growth prospects of our operating portfolio and balance sheet positioning. Our initial 2025 FFO per share outlook range is $1.70 to $1.72, representing an initial per-share growth range of 3% to 4.2%. Our outlook range is based on the following assumptions. Same property NOI growth of 2% plus, included in the same property NOI outlook is a credit loss assumption of 75 basis points to 100 basis points. This is a similar level to our credit loss experience in 2024 and considers the potential impact from the Party City and Joanne's bankruptcy filings. In addition, the 2025 same property outlook assumption takes into account the boxes vacated at the end of 2024 related to the bankruptcies of Big Lots, Conn's, Lumber Liquidators, and a few others. Given the strength of our leasing demand, we view the recapture of these spaces as an opportunity to further increase rents and enhance the credit profile of our tenant mix. Other 2025 outlook assumptions include lease termination income between $6 million and $9 million, as compared to $4 million in 2024. Interest income from cash on hand is expected to range between $6 million and $9 million, approximately three cents per common share less than the $26 million reported in 2024 due to the significantly higher cash balances last year. Acquisitions, including structured investments, net of dispositions of $100 million to $125 million. This is inclusive of the Markets at Town Center's structured investment acquisition completed in January. Corporate financing costs ranging from $354 million to $363 million, comprised of consolidated interest expense and preferred stock dividends. Annual G&A expense ranging from $131 million to $137 million as we expect to realize annual savings from the board leadership transition that was undertaken to start the year. Lastly, the outlook range assumes no redemption charges or prepayment charges associated with the callable preferred stock outstanding or early repayment of debt obligations and no planned issuance of additional common equity. I want to thank all our associates for their unwavering effort given each and every day a successful 2025 together. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your touch-tone phone. If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys. If at any time, your question has been addressed and you would like to withdraw your question, please press star and then two. Please limit yourself to one question and rejoin the queue for follow-ups. Our first question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question.
Michael Goldsmith: You mentioned the credit loss reserve of 75 to 100 basis points kind of in line with your historical average. Can you talk about what you have visibility to start the year where your watch list is? And then maybe try to put some context into how much exposure you have to potential trouble tenants to start the year, maybe to pre-pandemic levels, and how that I'm just trying to put to start up for 2025 into context with how it may have played out in the past.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. Sure. I appreciate it. So, you know, in terms of the watch list that obviously is going through the bankruptcy process, Big Lots, Party City, Joanne, starting beginning 2024 is about a 130 basis point impact. We already absorbed about a 10 basis point impact from Big Lots in 2024, so that's already into the portfolio. And so the remainder is in play, and they're currently going through the bankruptcy process. For Big Lots, the remaining 10 basis points that we have, bids are being collected next week. For the remaining five locations that we have. Party City, I believe the lease auction is actually running today, and then concurrently after that auction, there's still going to be an opportunity for retailers to bid for a period of time. And then with Joanne, they're currently collecting going concern bids next Wednesday. In which case, after the going concern, depending on what's remaining, they'd like to schedule an auction for late April. As it relates to our plan, we went through the portfolio. We made what we felt were the appropriate adjustments to budget, which are baked into our guidance for the year about what we assume we would either be able to backfill, we would get back, or would be assumed or purchased at auction. In terms of the demand side, it's robust. Dollar stores, footwear, books, grocery, beauty, across the board, there are a number of retailers that are looking at a variety of package deals to help absorb some of these boxes. On the Joanne side, you have a lot of the off-price guys. Grocery as well, etcetera. So we're very encouraged by that opportunity. There are a number of locations where we don't have grocery. We're able to actually backfill with groceries. When we're looking at the credit upgrade, it's significant. These are really the opportunities Conor mentioned in his script. A lack of new supply, these second-generation boxes are the opportunity for retailers to grow market share, to grow store count, which they are very focused on doing. And so I'd say the relationship between landlord and retailers couldn't be stronger today because of the collective opportunities that we have and we want to the relationship together. So in terms of the watch list and how it's evolved, it's really been status quo. When you look at those that have filed, they're repeat offenders. Right? They filed in the last two years. They came out of bankruptcy. And during the first bankruptcy, we were able to modify terms to our benefit. So in coming into this bankruptcy route, we're able to work with the, you know, new retailers on opportunities to better the terms and obviously secure better credit. So not much has really changed on our watch list, and from there, I'll pass it over to people. Sure. Hey. Let me just help frame it a little bit.
Glenn Cohen: In terms of the numbers. If you look at our expectation of revenues, it's around $2.2 billion. So at 75 to 100 basis point range, you're looking at credit loss baked in of a range of $17 million to $22 million. We feel pretty comfortable with that based on the bottoms-up budget that we ran through and just the historic levels of where we've been, you know, pandemic aside, we feel pretty comfortable where this sits as a starting point.
David Jamieson: And those $17 to $22 million credit loss that Glenn Cohen mentioned is inclusive of both just write-offs, as well as a potential loss rent you may have from some of those retailers that David Jamieson mentioned. Let me go bankrupt or during the course of the year.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please go ahead. Hey, good morning.
Craig Mailman: You guys have been a little bit more acquisitive as have some of your peers. You know, you took the opportunity to raise a little bit of equity. Just kind of curious it seems like in guidance, you just have what you've done so far this year. Kind of dialed in. But could you talk a little bit about what the opportunity set looks like today? And then maybe put some thoughts around, you know, sources of funds. Ross, I know you talked about some of the ground leases. Like, what's the magnitude of those sales? Kind of just talk through everything and also where, you know, cap rates and IRRs are.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Happy to. Thanks for the question. As you mentioned, we really have already identified and closed on sort of the net acquisition activity primarily with the market's acquisition. So as we look to the remainder of 2025, the intention is really to match fund through some of the initiatives that I mentioned. As Glenn indicated, we don't have any additional equity in our plan. But as showcased in Q4, to the extent that we like where the stock is trading, we're not shy about tapping into that. So the intent for this year, which is a little bit different than what we've seen in years past, is to recycle capital accretively. So the dispositions of old at higher cap rates that were dilutive is not something that we're planning on undertaking. We don't need to. As I indicated, based upon how the portfolio is operating. So when we look at what are the opportunities in terms of source of funds, the ground leases, you know, we have close to 10% of our income stream right now that comes from long-term ground leases. Now that's a big pool. Obviously, not all of those are going to be considered for disposition. But when you break down that bucket, and you look at what is the use, what's the foot traffic that comes from that retailer, how much term do we have remaining, do we need to go back and look at blended extends, what is the location within that center? There is a pool of those opportunities that we anticipate and that will somewhat be opportunity-driven based upon what we see on the investment side in terms of the capital that we'll need to raise. In addition, on the entitlements, Conor mentioned it, we achieved our goal of the 12,000 units a year earlier than anticipated. So again, we have a tremendous pool of potential densification opportunities. And when you prioritize that list, based upon, you know, what is compelling geographically, financially, or otherwise, there are several opportunities that we think are better suited to potentially monetize and sell to a developer versus something that we may not activate ourselves for many years. And utilize that capital to reinvest. So we feel very comfortable in terms of the sources and uses of where the capital will come from in terms of new opportunities. You know, we continue to identify and look at a wide range of acquisition opportunities. We talked about in the past. Do you think that our both geographic and format diversification allows us to be active at all parts of the cycle? So, you know, we've been more focused in the last couple of years on larger format grocery-anchored, but with a lifestyle component. That's where we found better yields over the last couple of years. Now as more capital is coming into the system and into the market, I think that that quote-unquote discount had dissipated, so we'll continue to evaluate if there are other formats or geographies where we think that we can get a little bit of a better yield or differentiation. And, of course, with our structured investment program, we continue to see opportunities to put out capital. And the nice part about the structured program is the average check size for those deals is anywhere from $15 to $25 million. So they're not tremendous capital investments. But as showcased by the market's acquisition, it can be a small investment on our side on a larger asset that ultimately can become a $100 million plus acquisition. So when we look at all of those different opportunities rolled together, we're very confident in what we're going to be able to do on the investment side.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. I would just add though, you know, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, in addition to the cash on the balance sheet, our availability of our lines, the company should generate around $140 million of free cash flow after dividends, CapEx, and TI. So that's another pool of capital, obviously, on our lowest cost. So kind of keep that in mind.
Operator: And the next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey. Good morning out there, and first to Milton. I'll let Tov. Congrats on a well-earned retirement. Ross, welcome to the board. Just a question on small shop. Sort of stagnated around 97.7, 97.8. And just sort of curious if this is sort of a frictional cap or if there are other issues going on with things given the comments about lack of supply and the robust demand that you outlined for backfilling a number of the troubled retailers, would think that small shop would be, you know, where people would be looking, especially as retailers get more flexible on their prototypes.
David Jamieson: Yeah. Great question, Alex. Appreciate it. And I know Ross appreciated your kind words, so I'll say thank you all in every word. As it relates to the small shops, the one thing to you might pull up too though is we absorb RPT, and the RPT small shop documents were significantly lower than Kimco Realty Corporation's is in 88 plus percent. So year over year, we actually grew the RPT small shop portfolio by 50 basis points. Kimco Realty Corporation legacy is over 92%. So there was a way down and that ultimately contributed to the flat year over year. As it relates to the opportunity going forward, though, you're absolutely right, though. In terms of flexibility of format, people are looking especially at that mid to larger size small shop box. So I'm thinking, like, 6,000 to 9,000 square feet. Some of the retailers I've mentioned earlier on the on our city locations, you know, are looking to optimize their footprint and could absorb, you know, some of those units which will help contribute. For us this year, we're laser-focused on how do we continue to grow the balance of the small shop portfolio. And the deal teams are incentivized to push the small shop leasing as far as we can. Our goal is to, you know, break through that sort of viewed as a ceiling right now is at 91.8 and we want to extend that further and we think there's opportunities to do that.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for highlighting some of the one-timers influencing guidance like the lease termination fee interest. Four million dollars. Curious what's driving that. Is that some capitalized interest? Then maybe some color on the one the some of the items that could be swing factors getting you to the upper and lower end of guidance. Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Great question. As far as the G&A, actually, as you see, the G&A is actually down at the midpoint around $4 million. The bulk of it is related to the transition of Milton, you know, coming off as executive and off the board. But the balance of it, really, there's nothing related to capitalized interest. We don't have an enormous amount of development, redevelopment going on. Like, the target for that range for this year is $100 to $125 million. So the cap interest component is actually very, very small for us. We really just spend a lot of time focused on controlling costs. And even with, you know, annual increases that went through, the overall G&A budget is flat. But and then last by the amount of the management transition. As far as the other things that are in the budget, candidly, there are not a whole lot of one-time things that are forecast. It is a really, really clean forward-looking year for us. We called out the items that, you know, we think that people would focus on. But it's real straightforward. It is very much walking, tackling, run the business, keep plus, maintained, acquire accretively where it makes sense, and lease and lease and lease.
Ross Cooper: Yeah. I think the spread on the earnings guidance is reflective of really sort of what may or may not happen in the market with the bankruptcy proceedings. So that is sort of what gets you to the low end. And that's what gets you to the high end in terms of starting off the year.
Operator: And the next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Hey, good morning.
Greg McGinniss: I just want to touch on the development redevelop spend again. Appreciate the clarity on what that expectation is for this year. Is this just less of a focus now and, you know, you be looking more at on the acquisition front and letting all the kind of redevelopment opportunity, mixed-use stuff just gonna be kinda sold off and joint ventured or ground leased out. And then also, can you also touch on CulturePlace where we saw the stabilized yield drop from last quarter?
David Jamieson: Yeah. Just touching on Coulter. It didn't drop from us. Quarter. All we did was we because we only have one project posted right now on the mixed-use, we just tighten the range to what it always was. So there was actually no change on yield. It's just how it was guided to for this. And as we activate more projects, you know, the range of that guide may be modified as well. As it relates to the focus redevelopment, it's always a focus. It's really retail-driven. There's opportunities as you've seen through the robust leasing program that we have that there's opportunities to backfill the existing space. We went through a very extensive redevelopment program over the years to repurpose build better build better mousetraps for retailers and all of our portfolio is such that you know, we're opportunistic in nature. If it's the best use of capital given, you know, all the other opportunities that we have, we'll pursue it absolutely and it's something that we continue to focus on. But again, it's retail-driven, so if we're able to backfill space, less investment and less disruption. To get cash flow coming sooner, that's a great option. And most likely a better opportunity. So we'll continue to focus on that. And as it relates to the multifamily program, obviously, as you saw that we've exceeded our 12,000 units that was a corporate goal. We did it a year ahead of time. We have a number of projects that we're actively looking at right now to potentially activate and I mean, year or two, whether or not we develop joint venture, monetize the entitlements, all those options are you need to be on the table, and we'll just look at, you know, the market cycle what makes the most sense for our use of funds and proceed as such.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. We still think there's a lot of upside as we outlined earlier in the call. That mixed-use, you know, when you add those residential units to your retail center, you do get a significant benefit both from the retail side and on the residential side. The challenge for us is the cost of capital and those were returns for apartment developments. Are lower than what we're seeing in the open market for other uses of our capital. So what we're trying to do is make sure we prioritize the highest returns on our capital and then look to get creative on structuring those entitlements that we get the benefit of the density around our shopping centers without potentially having a lower-yielding investment versus what we're seeing in the open market.
Operator: And the next question comes from Andrew Reel with Bank of America. Go ahead. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Andrew Reel: Just of the bankruptcy boxes you've already gotten back, and may get back this year, what's the average square footage on those? And how many would you have to really reposition maybe split up, versus what proportion do you think you could just fill as is?
David Jamieson: The majority right now we're looking at are to backfill the single-use tenants. I mean, with Bed Bath and Beyond, we were very aggressive in terms of finding single-use operators to backfill the spaces and over time, you know, a substantial majority were similar. When you look at the Party City boxes, the average is, you know, 13,000 square feet. It does range though in size, you know, to sort of the 8,000 plus square feet to slightly higher. So as a result of that, that gives us that opportunity canvassing of retailers because of the variety of square footage. On the Joanne side, you're looking at, you know, a slightly larger box around 32,000 square feet. But you know, with that, you have groceries, you have off-price, you have fitness, and a variety of others that are interested in those. And those also range in size, pretty dramatically. So I think in general, we'll be fairly successful in backfilling with single-use operators.
Conor Flynn: The only thing I would mention is to think about the lack of new supply for our sector, and then if you think of this as shadow supply or potential opportunities for growing retailers, if you took that subset and added it to the new shopping center supply that's under construction, it's still extremely modest. And it's one of the lowest, if not the lowest, of the entire commercial real estate sector. So we feel very confident that because of the range of sizes of these tenants that are giving back space, we're going to be uniquely positioned to backfill with single-tenant users at significant mark-to-market rents.
Operator: And the next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Good morning. Just hoping for a little bit more color on the assumptions on the credit loss reserves. If I just look at Party City and Joanne, that's about 1.1% of the ABR. So just hoping you could help us square that with the 75 to 100 basis points in guidance and then and kind of a Part B of to the question, is there any skew in the timing of that debt? Is it more front-half loaded given the upcoming auctions you referenced and the recent headline BKs we've seen? Thank you.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Again, as I mentioned, we do feel pretty comfortable with that with the range with dollars that we're talking about of potential credit loss, Party City is, you know, working through their auction. We'll see what happens with their GOBs when they end. Joanne's, although they filed for bankruptcy, hasn't actually even started their GOB sales yet. So you're going to have rent that runs for, you know, a minimum for the first quarter probably well into the second quarter. And then it's going to come down to is there a going concern buyer for some of the boxes? So there's a lot of variability. And, again, that's why we feel comfortable with the range that we have. It takes into account what could happen both good and bad. Both Party City and Joanne's.
Operator: And the next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. Maybe two quick ones. Guidance related. First, on the acquisitions and FFO, it seems like somebody else already mentioned, you've already met the net acquisition guidance. So are you just saying that from here, property acquisition volume would be offset by dispositions of ground leases and development entitlements, which would suggest, like, a meaningful spread. And then just on the FFO side, it seems like the range of two cents is quite tight. So wondering kind of how you're thinking about that and if it's more of what you might otherwise think of as, like, a bottom end of the range with upside potential.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. As I mentioned that and I'll take the second part first and I'll let Ross deal with the acquisition piece. But on the guidance, if you think about the range, the range really is about $20 million in total. So if you go, you know, again, we're a pretty large company. It takes $7 million of FFO for a penny. So that range, although narrow in terms of pennies, it is a $20 million range to start with. And as I mentioned, you know, we feel like we have pretty good visibility about what we're seeing in front of us. There's not a whole bunch of one-timers either way, you know, good or bad. But we feel very comfortable about where the portfolio is going. We know what we've done already in terms of this initial acquisition. And what's baked in. So it requires a little bit more of a narrow range.
Ross Cooper: Yeah. And the first part of your question, I think the short answer is yes. The expectation is a recycling of capital from some of the initiatives that I mentioned into new opportunities. So we have the ability to be patient, see what comes our way on the new deal side, new investment side, and then utilize those opportunities to source those appropriately. Obviously, to the extent that there is more opportunity at accretive yields, in excess. We have other capital sources as Glenn outlined earlier. And we'll certainly update it as the year progresses with our activity.
Caitlin Burrows: Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Good morning. Just want to go back to this one about that guidance. You know, if you can frame Party City and Joanne and some of these other couple retailers to your experience with Bed Bath. And I was curious about kind of when do you actually refer to really ramp up the marketing for these spaces? At what point during the bankruptcy process or before and what the potential rent upside looks like compared to what you experienced at Bed Bath? Thank you.
David Jamieson: Yeah. I mean, you're marketing these boxes well in front of any sort of filing. When you're looking at your watch list tenants, you're constantly looking to upgrade the tenancy and prepare for, you know, what can I believe be a bankruptcy. Obviously, with Joanne's and Party City, they're both repeat offenders. So from when the first time happened, we're already out marketing those boxes. For example, we already have a handful of leases executed for Party City boxes before they filed and it's just in our recapture. We felt confident in those recaptures because we reduced the term of those leases, so we knew an absolute end date there. And then, you know, we're constantly looking at upgrading the tenancies. So that's no different. When you look at the blend between Big Lots, Party City, Joanne's, you're seeing double-digit yield 10% plus. Over the blend of all of these. Obviously, there's higher ones and lower ones. And when you look at the Bed Bath activity that we had over the years, it was significant. The mark-to-market on those was higher just because they're more vintage leases, bigger boxes signed a long time ago. But, you know, again, most of those were backfilled with single-tenant users and then the interest was reflected.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Compass. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Capital allocation question. Maybe Ross is best suited for this. But in terms of your apartment entitlements, I think you've got 8,900 currently entitled and other similar amounts in the process of being entitled. A couple of those are, you know, more than a thousand units. I think there are four of them out there. Are those the ones that are most likely to be JV'd or sold off because of exposure? And then maybe Conor, by the end of the decade, what percentage of NOI do you think Kimco Realty Corporation is going to get from apartments contribution? Is it ten, fifteen percent in that range?
Ross Cooper: I'll start and then I can jump in. You know, when we're looking at the prioritization of the entitlements and where we want to identify, it's a pretty detailed and involved analysis that includes market feasibility studies. We're working with all of our different regions to understand where trends are happening geographically. So it's not necessarily based upon size. We're looking at, you know, what is the timing, what is the supply and demand dynamic in that particular market? What are the yields that we're looking at for creating this project? And then ultimately making a decision given all of the information that we've gathered and the market intel, given our cost of capital and other uses that we have for that capital, where do we want to put that? And which projects are best suited for Kimco Realty Corporation to invest a substantial amount of our own capital, which you've seen us do on certain projects, where is it best suited to ground lease and to retain that ROFR allow somebody else to put their capital work, you've gotten creative in terms of structuring as you've seen on Coulter and some others that we're considering in terms of joint venturing and putting our entitled land into that venture at a marked-up basis and our component being preferred equity or different pieces of capital and then, of course, we have the option to potentially sell. So we're evaluating all of those alternatives on each one of these projects. And the beauty of the program is that based upon our geographic diversification and all the entitlements that we've had, we can be very selective in where and when we want to activate and how we want to do so.
David Jamieson: So I just just to touch base on the on the two projects you mentioned, that have over a thousand units entitled. Those are both large master plans. One's in Kedlin's. The other markets were in Pentagon. And so when you go in for entitlements, there's opportunity sometimes to really to secure a large allocation of residential. That does not mean that you have to build it all at once. And so you take a thousand units and break it into five different phases of, you know, two hundred units a piece over an extended period of time. So you're managing, you know, new supply coming on, market absorption, etcetera, and then Ross' point, you can activate each of those phases. And whatever is most appropriate, you know, given the market cycle time and use of funds. So just for clarity there.
Conor Flynn: And then, Floris, I think for the long term, you know, we continue to push towards activating more multifamily entitlements where we can structure it accretively to our cost of capital. Putting a target, you know, the dream scenario would get to ninety-ten where ten percent is coming from apartments. And then build it from there. Again, where our cost of capital is today and where we can accretively deploy it, you know, it's limiting how much we can activate on the multifamily side. So we'll continue to use the structure like we have before, whether it's ground lease with the roper or it's a contribution to a joint venture, with the ROE for a bond stabilization as well. So those are ways that, again, we can take a CapEx light approach, hit our return hurdles, and still activate apartments. As you know, we've activated over three thousand and continue to take that approach to see how we can go about adding value, creating value for our shareholders over the long term.
Operator: Thanks. And the next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. I guess given the tightness in the whole industry and retailers still looking to grow and their, I guess, inability maybe to hit store opening plans. I guess, what's Kimco Realty Corporation's appetite to take on actual ground-up development in retail, and what discussions have you had, you know, with some of the bigger retailers to kind of jump-start that development process? Thanks.
David Jamieson: Yeah. I mean, you're seeing ground-up right now. In more in, like, the second and third ring. You know, as urban or suburban sprawl extends out and some of the markets in, say, like, Arizona and Texas, you're not really seeing ground-up development in, you know, first-ring suburbs opportunities. You know, rents still have to reach, you know, a higher premium to justify the underwriting for a developed development yield that's accretive. Our cost of capital so in those more tertiary market development projects where you're doing, like, a large format target or whatnot? Are necessarily in the core markets that we're looking to expand.
Conor Flynn: For us, that opportunity is really working with these retailers on the backfill of second-generation space, further identifying, you know, or markets, how do they expand market share? They are starting to look at the tightness of their radius between, you know, individual stores, and those are starting to narrow realizing that they can operate more locations within, you know, a tighter trade area than they did historically. So there's real opportunities there for them as well. And that's where we continue to see it. But, you know, we do talk to them a lot, you know, if there's an opportunity that comes about, we would consider.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. It's a good question, Steve. And I think that's what gives us a lot of confidence about our credit loss reserve of 75 to 100 because if you think about the lack of options for retailers today, you know, we don't see a huge ground-up opportunity on the horizon that either we or others will take advantage of. And so the opportunity set is really on these bankrupt tenants, these second-generation boxes that are going through the auction process. As you saw from last year, there was a tremendous amount of activity from retailers in the bankruptcy process even outbidding us on a few ones that we tried to acquire and bring back on. We feel like there's a similar backdrop today with supply and demand. And that's what gives us a lot of confidence in our 75 to 100 basis point credit loss reserve.
Operator: And the next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Quick clarification. The savings from the management changes, would that start January or at the time of the annual meeting? And then Conor, on that point you just made about bidding on boxes, do you plan on doing a lot of that?
Glenn Cohen: I'll take the first one because it's straightforward. It started at the time of the announcement, end of January.
Conor Flynn: And then on the auction process, I think again, we look at every box, we look at every opportunity set. We're talking to a lot of retailers both pre-bankruptcy auction and during the bankruptcy auction. We know a lot of these retailers will be in the auction tent. But they're also looking at doing package deals with us across multiple locations. So it really just depends on the returns that we can generate from the capital and what tenant we have to backfill that location. Where we've been unsuccessful in the auction process where others have outbid us, we were running with the grocery anchor to backfill a location that we were excited about, in another retailer that was not grocery was super aggressive for the location. And so again, not necessarily a lose-lose situation, because, obviously, the tenant that wins that bankruptcy auction has to fulfill, you know, all the back rent as well as to go forward lease obligation. So we're in a good spot where we can be selective. Really get aggressive where we think we can dramatically improve the valuation of the asset, not only on that box but on the surrounding retail that we own as well.
Wes Golladay: Alright. Thanks for the time. Take the next question.
Operator: And the next question comes from Paulina Rojas with Green Street. Please go ahead.
Paulina Rojas: Good morning. Recent bankruptcies have been significant, right? Do you believe these bankruptcies will materially impact the rents that you can achieve for new oncolysis? For new oncolysis. And I understand that the mark-to-market of rents will likely be still very significant, I'm more focused on how the market dynamics will shift and how rents might change compared to a scenario where these bankruptcies had not occurred.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. That's a good question, Paulina. It's one that I think you have to think about a little bit from the amount of supply that comes available in the certain submarket. And if that will change the supply and demand dynamic of pricing power that we've experienced over the past few years. And if you look at the amount of locations that overlap between the that are in these submarkets, it's very few that will have multiple boxes coming available in the same submarket. So in our opinion, it really doesn't change the pricing power because if it's a good location in a tight trade area, that is usually the only box available in that trade area. As you can see, our occupancies are at all-time highs. Vacancy rates for the entire sector are at all-time lows. It's a very tight market right now for good quality retail. And so when these boxes are available, there's usually not a second option for retailers to fall back into. And so that's what's driving the competitive set. Take advantage of these unique opportunities and we feel confident that, again, because of that tightness in the market, you're going to see activity both in the auction tents, but as well post-auction with retailers wanting to do package deals on a number of these locations that are spread across multiple subsectors.
Operator: And the next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller: Hi. You talked about the demand for medical and wellness. I'm curious, like, how do you size up the credits versus other national and local options? And in the past, have you had any meaningful bad debts from that category?
Glenn Cohen: I can take it if you want. I mean, the nice thing about medical is they put a lot of money in themselves to build outs that they have with the equipment. They are very, very sticky tenants. You know, they stay for a long time, and I would say the bad debt on those is really de minimis. I mean, it really doesn't even come up very often. They're really, really solid tenants.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. A lot of the push recently has been from urgent care, pediatric urgent care, some off-site facilities from hospitals, because we've always had dentistry. We've always had, you know, physical therapy is becoming a bigger piece as well. But we continue to like that use. It's a service use. It's Internet resistant. You know, it does drive traffic. It does bring people that want convenience to the shopping center. And, usually, it does drive, you know, the right shopper as well because of cross-shopping opportunities. So always look at credit quality, and to Glenn's point, we've been very successful in underwriting medical uses that have come into shopping centers and haven't had really dramatic issues in any shape or form.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from Michael Gorman with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Michael Gorman: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Maybe just circling back to the transactions for a minute here. Just a question on match funding. And apologies if I missed it. But when we think about the match funding with the sales of either ground lease or entitlements in 2025. Would those proceeds also apply to future structured investments? And I guess if so, can you talk about maybe the scale of opportunity and the strategy of selling out of understandably slower-growing, but fee positions into a more structured investment for the long-term strategy. Thank you.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yes, it does include structured investment. So we look at sort of our blended investments between the core acquisition strategy as well as the structured. You know, when we think about the structured program, as I mentioned previously, I mean, most of these investments are anywhere from $15 to $25 million. So you're looking at, you know, $15, $20, $25 million check sizes. So it really does expand and diversify the risk profile. You know, we feel very comfortable about our underwriting strategy and the basis at which we enter these properties. But to your point, we acknowledge that there is a differential between, you know, fee acquisitions of existing shopping centers and a structured investment that has a variable timeline. So as part of that program, we're constantly looking at the rollover schedule, where we might get redeemed or repaid on any of the structured investments in our building, a pipeline to consistently backfill and recycle that capital as well. So one component that I didn't mention in addition to the ground leases and the entitlement is there is always the opportunity to get capital back from prior structured investments. So as we see new investment opportunities on the structured, there is a recycling that occurs within that program as well. We feel very confident and comfortable with the size of that program right now being, you know, right around 2% of enterprise value. So we think that we can, you know, sort of responsibly, gradually grow that over time. As we continue to see more opportunity, but it's going to be, you know, at a slow methodical pace.
Michael Gorman: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Could you provide color on upcoming refi's in 2025 and then 2026? And then how to think about the timing of when you might refi and the increased cost impacts?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Sure. So we just paid off a bond, as I mentioned, so that's done. The only debt that remains outstanding or maturing in 2025 is about $290 million. There's about $50 million of mortgage debt that's going to get paid off on March 10th. Then we have a bond that matures June 1st, so it's about $140 million. We have a whole variety of ways to deal with it, whether it be from free cash flow, again, some of the it could be come from some of the disposition activity. Our line is fully available to us and quite candidly, the borrowings on our line today are priced better than where we would do something even longer range. We have a whole bunch of opportunities. As far as 2026 goes, there's about $750 million in 2026. But it doesn't really start maturing until August. We have plenty of time to address the upcoming maturities.
Conor Flynn: The only thing I would add is it's nice to be on positive watch from S&P and Moody's because if you think about the timing of when they may make a move to improve our credit rating, it lines up nicely with some of our refinancing opportunities to take advantage of that tighter pricing we can achieve.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. I mean, just in terms of pricing, like, if we would go to the bond market today, we're probably somewhere around 95 over on a ten-year. So it'd be somewhere in the, you know, I would 5.5 well, you know, 5.45% range today.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just a couple of quick ones, just some themes that's touched before. Back to the same store NOI, so sort of the 2% plus guidance. I think in the opening comments you mentioned that there was some sort of end of 2024 closures and stuff that impacted. Any chance we could sort of quantify what that hit was to 2025? And does that create an opportunity as you sort of backfill those into 2026 and 2027? Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, again, the vacancies that I mentioned, they're out now of the same side NOI number. So that's all baked into overall 2% plus starting point. So it'll vary as we go through the quarters again because we do same-site NOI. The most part, it's on a cash basis. Right? The tenants have to be paying rent. That's what goes into the number. We don't include straight-line rents. We don't include lease termination fees in it. So it's all baked into that 2% plus starting point.
David Jamieson: Yeah. And then as we backfill, you're right. I mean, it's going to be a contributor to the end of 2026.
Ronald Kamdem: Right. So if I could ask the question just a different way is like what's the bridge from 3.5% to 2%? Same store NOI? Like, what are the deltas there in the big pieces?
Glenn Cohen: Well, I mean, again, we have to take into account all the different the bankruptcies we have to really see what we get back, what we don't get back. If we don't get a lot of the boxes back from whether it be Joanne's or Party City, there's more upside in that number, which is the plus point of it. So we're just trying to use we feel very comfortable that 2% is the floor. That we'll see how the rest of the year goes. And as we go through the year, we'll make adjustments to that guidance.
David Jamieson: Ron, I'll also say we start the year out with a little more ambiguity. Right? Because last year, even when we started out, assuming how much we would get from the snow pipeline, it was between $15 and $20 million. We ended the year close to $35 million. Somewhere between $33 and $35 million. Same thing. We're starting the year up, making an assumption of the snow pipeline. We're going to have about $25 million. So that's sometimes an estimate you make and as we go through the course of the year, that can change and that can move from where you start the year out in your same site guide. So there's a number of different levers, but to Glenn's point, you feel confident where the floor is. It's just a question of how high the ceiling could be.
Ronald Kamdem: That makes a ton of sense. If I could just sneak my second one in, it's just on the net acquisition guidance. Obviously, the opening comments about selling sort of flat leases and so forth. Just a sense of the quantum of dispositions because it's hard to tell from the guidance is what could that look like this year? Like, is it a is it $50 million, $100 million? Could it be $300 million? Just how big is that opportunity on the sales side? Thanks.
Ross Cooper: Yeah. As I mentioned, I mean, it's having close to 10% of our income from ground leases. There is a large pool but it really is intended to be a match funding mechanism. So it's going to be very much dependent upon what we see on the new investment side as to how much we want to push into the market to potentially sell. But we'll be relatively measured to start the year, and then as we progress and we see opportunity, we'll update you and the market on what we're seeing and how much we anticipate doing there.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Omotayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Omotayo Okusanya: Yes. Good morning, everyone. You guys historically have been well known to come up with creative ways to create shareholder value. As you look at the landscape for retailers and as well as retail real estate over the next twelve to eighteen months. You just talk about, you know, the probability that you guys could do something of that nature as well, whether it's something Albertsons like, whether it's more of the SIP loan to own program or maybe something totally new and out of the box.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. I think we always look for opportunities. I think as you've seen us do in the past, our best deals typically when or occur when there's dislocation in the market or mispricing that we can take advantage of. We're excited that our balance sheet continues to improve and put us in a position that when the next cycle occurs, the balance sheet strength usually is rewarded. I think that's at a time where, you know, when the tide goes out, usually balance sheet strength, it becomes an advantage. So, you know, where we sit today, obviously, with the economy is today. There's not a tremendous amount of mispriced or dislocation occurring. Our sector because of the health of the cash flow growth that's occurring across portfolios. When you look at some of the individual retailers that are in trouble that we've talked about, not a tremendous amount of owned real estate in those portfolios. We really look for real estate-rich retailers, not where we can take advantage of owning or repurposing the properties. But that being said, we always take a look for unique opportunities. Albertsons obviously a complete home run. That we were able to achieve. We continue to look across the relationship spectrum that we have. And every deal is a little different, a little different shape or size. But our team is always looking for those unique opportunities to take advantage of. Create shareholder value.
Omotayo Okusanya: Okay. Thank you. And then a quick modeling question, if I may ask. On the Waterford acquisition, the interest rate on the assumed debt.
Glenn Cohen: The interest rate on the loan was 4.86%.
Omotayo Okusanya: Thank you. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Oh, hi. Quick one. I know over time, CapEx has been a big topic for certain property types including retail. So it looks like the midpoint of your CapEx guidance for 2025 is lower than 2024 actual was. So wondering what's driving that, and is it more timing-related or run rate improvement or any other details?
David Jamieson: Yeah. I mean, as the tenants come online, obviously, the funding's been processed, and now you're getting the compression of the snow pipeline. So that's what we're seeing in 2025. Obviously, with these bankruptcies, right now, you know, we'd anticipate, obviously, investment would have to occur, but that would be more of a 2026 don't.
Caitlin Burrows: Thanks.
Operator: And the final question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks for logging back in. Just a quick question on Daniel Point. I remember one of your office tenants was Spirit. Can you just remind us the structure of that deal? I can't remember if you sold that building to them. But just overall, curious about the potential impacts from their bankruptcy.
David Jamieson: Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, Spirit does own their own headquarters. They purchased it from us early on in the project, and then they built it and opened it. We do have a ground lease with them on the multifamily which they're current on. They are anticipating to come out of bankruptcy. If you may have read the headlines that Frontier is, you know, now going back and looking at Spirit as well. Currently, though, it's open and operating. There's, you know, nine hundred or so employees there, you know, that occupy Danny every day.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki.
David Bujnicki: Just like to thank everybody who joined our call today. We look forward to getting together with a number of you in the upcoming several weeks and at the same time have a wonderful weekend. Thanks so much.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Kimco Realty Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the call over to David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco's quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco CEO, Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer, Glenn Cohen, our CFO David Jamieson, as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our quarterly supplemental Financial Information on the Kimco Investor Relations website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. I will begin with an update on the great progress we have made in 2024 and provide an update on our RPT integration which has gone extremely well. Then I'll highlight the favorable supply and demand dynamics for our sector and our company and conclude with brief insights on some key leasing metrics. Ross will follow with an update on the transaction market and our exciting new acquisition, and Glenn will close with our financial metrics and the full year guidance range we again have raised. We believe it is important to call out some of the great progress we made on building on past year's success, both with enhanced internal growth as well as being a net acquirer for the year, which will benefit external growth we're also proud to highlight another accomplishment this quarter, achieving our goal of securing 12,000 multifamily unit entitlements a year ahead of schedule. These entitlements, valued at an estimated $175 million to $325 million, offer us significant flexibility whether we choose to self-develop, contribute to a joint venture, ground lease or even sell them outright. These entitlements enhance our long-term growth potential. Turning to our RPT acquisition, I want to thank our integration and operating teams for their extraordinary efforts. We continue to exceed expectations with respect to the pace of integration and performance of this portfolio and are ahead on both operational synergies and NOI projections for the year and we continue to close the gap on the spread between RPT's small shop occupancy and Kimco's occupancy. Specifically, RPT occupancy increased 40 basis points quarter-over-quarter driven by a 50 basis point increase in small shop occupancy and a 30 basis point increase in anchor occupancy. Another key attribute providing us with additional confidence in our portfolio platform is the current supply and demand dynamic for high quality retail which continues to favor Kimco. According to several large national brokers, vacancy levels and new shopping center construction remains at historic lows, leaving prospective tenants limited options in obtaining space for high quality locations, particularly in the most sought-after markets. To underscore this limited availability, retailers are proactively reaffirming or assigning leases during the bankruptcy process to secure prime locations. In 2024, 50 out of our 56 leases with tenants who declared and emerged from bankruptcy were either assumed or acquired by creditworthy tenants. Even more encouraging for our portfolio is that leasing demand continues to be broad based and diverse. Off price grocery, beauty, health and wellness, fitness, medical and services all continue to compete for space in our centers. All of this affords our team the ability to push economics, enhance our merchandising mix and further increase the value of our best-in-class portfolio. Turning to our leasing metrics, we are proud to report that our team achieved another milestone this quarter with occupancy up 20 basis points sequentially and 90 basis points year-over-year to 96.4%, matching our all-time high achieved in the fourth quarter of 2019. Anchor occupancy was up 10 basis points to 98.2% which was 100 basis points higher year-over-year. Small shop occupancy was up 10 basis points to 91.8% which is also a record high and up 70 basis points year-over-year. New lease volume totaled 119 deals totaling 543,000 square feet for the third quarter. The rent spread for new leases was an impressive 41.9% in our 12 consecutive quarter of double digit rent spreads. Positive drivers include a new Target lease in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, a new Lidl grocery conversion in Staten Island, New York, as well as a new Tesla dealership in Miami, Florida. Renewals and options volume was 332 deals totaling 1.9 million square feet for the quarter. The renewals and Options spread was 6.8%, with renewals increasing by 6.9% and options growing at 6.6%. Combined third quarter 2024 lease volume was 451 deals totaling 2.4 million square feet, with a combined spread of 12.3%. We also added four grocery anchors to the portfolio this quarter, improving our percentage of annual base rent from grocery anchored assets to 84%. These results continue to distinguish our solid and unique operating platform, supported by a highly engaged and aligned team which we believe provides meaningful relative differentiation. In closing, we are encouraged by the momentum that our team and platform have built and are excited about where we go from here. And while we have built a business designed to withstand any economic cycle, we look to benefit from the continued strength of the employment market, healthy consumer spending and the dampening of inflation. We have been executing on our strategic goals to improve organic growth and add accretive external growth when the stars align. We remain disciplined on capital allocation and balance sheet management, giving us the ability to weather any storm and pounce when the opportunity presents itself. I want to thank our dedicated colleagues for continuing to raise the bar at Kimco. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Good morning, everyone. I hope you have a safe and happy Halloween today. I'm excited to discuss Kimco's recent investment strategy and expectations as we close out the year and look ahead to 2025. In the third quarter, we made a modest level of new investments as we shifted our acquisitions focus back towards owned assets, moving away from the highly selective structured investments approach we took in the first half of the year. With today's more favorable cost of capital, we are pivoting back to evaluating owned acquisition opportunities, including larger format properties. As we assess a number of opportunities, we will remain very disciplined in our external capital allocation. With respect to our newest acquisition, Waterford Lakes Town Center in Orlando captures the essence of why we are excited about these types of large format opportunities. In terms of the benefits, there is less competition for higher price point assets leading to advantageous pricing and better going in yields. Additionally, our platform's strength includes the skilful management of Kimco’s existing collection of lifestyle assets which features its own dedicated operations team which is well equipped to drive growth at these differentiated dynamic properties. Waterford stands out as a market dominant asset with multiple retailers boasting some of the highest traffic counts and sales performance in their respective chains in both Florida and nationwide. The open-air grocery format has a highly complementary tenant mix of discount and full line soft goods, entertainment, dining, health and wellness and fitness options that perfectly caters to the local demographic. Waterford's value proposition extends beyond the low 7% going in cap rate we underwrote. The property built in 1999 has significant near, medium and long-term upside. With several junior anchor leases expiring with no further options after 25 years we have substantial mark to market opportunities over the next five years. Our ability to continually upgrade the calibre of tenants at market rents commensurate with current sales performance, supports a robust growth trajectory and compound annual growth rate we rarely see needless to say, we couldn't be more enthusiastic to add this to our portfolio and expect it to be a major contributor for our company for many years to come. As we shift our focus to 2025, the other initiative that's beginning to take shape relates to our Structured Investment program. Since inception in 2020, we have touted the program as an opportunity to get our foot in the door on high quality real estate at attractive returns while having a writer, first offer or refusal providing the potential to ultimately own the asset. We are now seeing this opportunity materialize as we conduct due diligence on a few existing investments with the potential to convert from mezzanine financing to outright ownership while still early in the process, this could solidify our view of these structured opportunities as a future long-term pipeline to ownership. Turning to the Transaction Market with continued retail optimism and capital expressing a strong desire to own and invest in open air retail, we have seen an uptick in higher quality product hitting the market. We believe the bid ask spread will continue to narrow into 2025 with transaction volumes increasing to levels we haven't seen in the past couple of years. We look forward to finishing the year strong and getting 2025 off to a running start and with that I'm now happy to pass it off to Glenn to provide the financials and updated outlook.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Ross and good morning. Our strong third quarter results continue to demonstrate the strength of our operating platform and our high-quality open-air grocery anchored investment portfolio. Highlights for the quarter include all time high leased occupancy, impressive positive leasing spreads and solid same site NOI growth. In addition, our significant liquidity capacity and well positioned leverage metrics provide us optionality on growth opportunities. Now for some details on the third quarter results. FFO was $287.4 million or $0.43 per diluted share representing per share growth of 7.5% compared to last year's third quarter. For some further color we generated $394.1 million of total pro rata NOI in the third quarter, an increase of $51.3 million or 15% over the same period in the prior year. This growth was driven by $39 million from the RPT acquisition and $12 million from the balance of the operating portfolio, primarily driven by higher minimum rents fueled by quicker rent commencements. The NOI growth was offset by greater pro rata interest expense of $16.3 million due to higher debt levels that I'll touch on momentarily. Turning to same site NOI, we generated positive 3.3% growth for the third quarter. The primary driver continues to be higher minimum rents contributing 3.9% driven by contractual rent increases and faster rent commencements from the signed not open pipeline which compressed 10 basis points from last quarter. Also, overall recoveries impacted same site NOI growth by 50 basis points, mostly attributable to seasonal spending. In addition, our overall NOI continues to benefit from lower credit loss. For the third quarter and the first nine months our credit loss was 45 basis points and 73 basis points respectively, which is comfortably at the lower end of our assumption. I want to take a moment to provide some additional detail on our signed but not open pipeline. At the end of September, the signed not open pipeline represented 310 basis points of occupancy related to 399 leases totalling $61.2 million of annual base rent, including $5.1 million from the recently acquired RPT portfolio. New leases totaling $13.6 million were added to the snow pipeline, offset by $15.9 million of ABR that commenced during the third quarter. Of the $61.2 million of the snow pipeline, approximately 90% is expected to commence by the end of 2025 and generate about $40 million during 2025, providing us healthy momentum as we look ahead. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter 2024 with consolidated net debt to EBITDA of 5.3x on a look through basis including pro rata JV debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding, net debt to EBITDA was 5.6x, the best level since we began reporting this metric in 2009. During the third quarter 2024 we increased our term loan from $200 million to $550 million, adding five additional lenders to the facility. The blended all-in rate for this facility is 4.61% with a final maturity in 2029. Separately, we issued a new long 10-year unsecured bond which matures in 2035 at a coupon of 4.85%. The proceeds from this issuance are currently invested in short-term interest-bearing instruments pending the February 1, 2025 maturity of our 3.3% $500 million bond. Also, during the third quarter we received an A minus unsecured debt rating from Fitch with a stable outlook and S&P raised us to a positive outlook from stable, achieving another of our 2025 goals. The A minus rating is very impactful as it has lowered the cost on the $860 million of term loans outstanding as well as on our $2 billion revolver, which currently has zero drawn on it. These cost improvements are in addition to the reduction received from achieving our scope one and scope two greenhouse gas emission reduction targets associated with our $2 billion revolver and $310 million of term loans. Now for an update on our outlook based on the strength of our year-to-date results and expectations for the fourth quarter, we are again raising our FFO per diluted share range to $1.64 to $1.65 from the previous range of $1.60 to $1.62. Our increased FFO per share outlook range incorporates the following updates to our full year assumptions. Same site NOI growth of 3.25% plus from the previous range of 2.75% to 3.25% and is inclusive of the RPT assets. Interest income is expected to be between $20 million and $22 million and as previously announced, we increased our investment guidance to a range of $565 million to $625 million, which includes the fourth quarter acquisition of Waterford Lakes for $322 million. We also lowered our disposition outlook by $50 million to $250 million to $300 million. Looking ahead, we plan to provide our 2025 outlook when we report our fourth quarter results, but wanted to call out the following we do not expect to realize the same level of interest income in 2025 as we plan to maintain approximately $100 million in cash on a go forward basis. As I previously mentioned, we will use our existing cash on hand to pay off the $3.3% $500 million bond due on February 1, 2025. And with that I want to thank all of our associates whose unwavering commitment drove these outstanding results and positions us well to continue our growth. We are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb : Hey, good morning. Morning out there. Conor, you mentioned the outperformance of RPT. And I have to believe it's probably similar for Weingarten. As you guys sit here today and think about those two transactions, is there a way to quantify how much both transactions exceeded your original underwriting? I mean, whether it's basis points or in actual dollars or FFO or some metric, just so we have a sense of the magnitude of how those portfolios perform versus your original underwriting.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Alex. Obviously, we're enthused by the results. RPT has been ahead of expectations. I think when you look at our underwriting for large transactions like that, you can see from really the implementation and the execution that both on the synergy side, we've been able to outperform our underwriting as well as the NOI assumptions. I think for this quarter, actually RPT's same site NOI was 10.3%, which is a very strong number. Again, a lot of it is driven by the belief that it's not about getting big to be bigger. It's really about what enhances the growth profile of the organization. And if you look at when we did Weingarten and when we executed RPT, I think both transactions really helped improve the growth profile of Kimco. And that's what's shining through, I think, today. And we're really enthused about, you know, going forward, integrating every asset into our platform, because again, I think that's where the Kimco platform really shines, is where we can get into the asset, use our platform, use our team, and really continue to unlock a lot of value for our shareholders.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Sticking with the RPT theme here seems like a big step forward in the RPT small shop leasing. So, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing with that portfolio? Do you still see that large opportunity to close the gap, how your relationships and scale are helping here? And does that really set up 2025 to be a year where you, where you truly kind of compress that gap to the core Kimco portfolio? Thanks.
Ross Cooper: Yeah, no, great question. Appreciate you asking it to all the above. Yes, I mean, we definitely see the opportunity to continue the momentum that we're starting to gain now that we have three quarters behind us absorbing RPT. The operating team is firing on all cylinders. The core portfolio that we retained with RPT, after we dispose of a handful of sites, it's extreme, extremely strong, not only in the Sun Belt markets in Florida, obviously, but the Midwest Portfolio is doing exceedingly well. The demand drivers are real. We talk about it a lot. It's real for our portfolio, the Kimco core as well as RPT. The lack of supply, the enhanced just sort of operating team that we're really focused on driving the small shop initiative is having an impact and you're starting to see that flow through the numbers. The big contributor too is obviously getting the rent flowing. We significantly compressed one of the largest snow pipelines very quickly upon the close of that transaction through the first part of the year. And I think that's a contributor to some of the outperformance on the same site side in Q3 and will continue along the way. We also acquired with the transaction some excellent personnel, excellent team members and they're doing an incredible job, you know, now nine months into the organization. So, we couldn't be more thrilled by, by the activity.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. Just hoping you could talk a little bit more about the structured investments opportunity, about the rights that you have there and I guess how big the quantum of opportunities for traditional fee simple acquisitions could be on a, on a net go forward basis.
Ross Cooper: Sure, happy to. So, as you know, we're really enthusiastic about this program for a variety of reasons. One, first and foremost, the real estate itself are assets that we're very comfortable with. That again we'd be happy to own if the opportunity presented itself. But if it doesn't, we get very attractive returns in the interim at a very comfortable basis. So, every deal, every partner has a little bit of a different life cycle, little bit of a different strategy. But what we are starting to see on a few of these deals that we've been in for a couple of years, two, three, four years, is that they are starting to get towards the end of that life cycle. So having that right of first offer that write a first refusal is presenting itself as an opportunity. There is one particular asset right now that we're working very closely with our partner on a potential acquisition of the fee. So that might be something that we'll be able to see materialize in the beginning parts of 2025. But we have about $470 million outstanding in that program right now, which is spread between a couple of dozen assets. So, it really has the ability to be a big pipeline if that does materialize. But we're starting to see the first couple come to fruition so we're excited about that.
Operator: The next question comes from Dori Kesten of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good morning. As you continue to add to projects now entitled, how are you thinking about the timing to activate these over the next few years? Or as you said before, JV or Marcel, I guess, are you able to provide some guardrails around just total costs and potential timing?
Ross Cooper: Yeah, I mean, we're going to preserve the discipline that we've always had with all these opportunities. And so now that we've had 12,000 units entitled, which is an extraordinary effort over the last eight to nine years, starting from zero, we'll now continue our process in terms of looking at activations. Obviously, you know, we have Suburban Square under construction right now and our preferred structure, which yields attractive returns for us and enables us to activate that project with a very sound partner. We have a handful of opportunities that we're closely monitoring and looking at market fundamentals as costs start to come down and rebalance. Could be potential opportunities in '25, but we want to preserve and maintain this strict discipline. So, it's always accretive to the organization. But between that potential ground leases, which we've already done before, maybe the potential monetization of some of the entitlements of third-party developers, those are all real options on the table that we're considering. Yeah. I would just add to see you have some frame of reference. Today we have 3,500 units that are actually operational in the form of some that have been ground leased where the parties built them and operating on our land and the projects that we have both at the Milton and the Whitmer and we have a project currently at Coulter that's in the process of being built. So, we activated them one, two projects a year. So being very disciplined about how we put them out.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeff Spector of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeff Spector: Great. Good morning and congratulations on the quarter. I wanted to focus on your comments around lifestyle centers and the importance they're having across different markets. You know, in terms of acquisition opportunities, are you focused on select markets and demographics or dominance in a market fit the criteria for Kimco? Thank you.
Ross Cooper: Yeah, it's a great question. I think one of the benefits of Kimco and one of our differentiators is our diversification. And you think about geographic diversification and the importance of that as well as diversification of formats and we're able to create value with our platform in all formats in all geographies. So, some of it definitely has to do with driven by opportunity and where we see deals in certain markets that we like. But it also very much has to do with the team and the performance with the, with the leasing team, the operations team, the management. When you put it all together, we've seen great opportunity to create value on these assets, which is again, you know, when you think about the competition for this, it is very much limited compared to the neighbourhood grocery anchored shopping center where there's a significant amount of capital that's chasing those deals. So, for right where we stand today and where we sit, we think that the larger format, higher price point assets is where we can differentiate our team and our capital. But again, you know, there's a variety of opportunities in various formats that we've been able to take advantage of over various parts of the cycle.
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore ISI, please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Hey, good morning, everyone. I guess Conor, you know, with the focus being on '25 now, just maybe walk us through kind of the, the building blocks for growth. I know you talked about the upside to occupancy in the shop side, but help us think through. I mean this year you're generating pretty solid growth here at three and a quarter. So, are we setting up for another year of sort of plus three or is this even a further acceleration in next year? Help us think through growth for next year. Thanks.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, we're not going to be giving guidance for next year on this call, but we are going through the budgeting process now. We are looking to see how we enhance the growth going forward. Clearly this has been a good year operationally for Kimco. If you look at the bankruptcy season, as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, it's been pretty muted. And those that have gone through the bankruptcy process, those leases have become assets and been acquired by other retailers that are credit tenants. So, I think a lot of it has to do with obviously there's a massive election coming up. The consumer continues to be resilient. The retailers continue to want to expand in shopping centers of high quality with really strong operators. And we continue to see the outreach pouring in for spaces that we have available. So, you know, the backdrop is one where we continue to see supply being muted going forward and the demand being diverse. And so, as we continue to hopefully enhance the growth profile, we'll be looking at ways to compress the sign but not open pipeline, enhance the same site NOI growth for the organization and continue to push FFO growth. So, we've got the ingredients, we've got the portfolio, we've got the team. And now again we're looking at how do we incrementally improve the growth profile and some of the differentiators that Kimco has that others don't. We talked a little bit about the 12,000 entitled apartment units. We may look to monetize some of those and recycle those accretively into operating shopping centers. We also may look to recycle some flatter high-quality assets where we can recycle into again a higher growth shopping center. So those are the types of opportunities we look at and try and see that there's going to be significant opportunity in '25 to continue to enhance the growth profile.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris van Dijkum of Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey guys. Morning. So, Conor, following up on what you were just talking about, monetizing some assets, I mean you have obviously you've got a lot of potential things you could monetize, including your apartments, entitlements, your ground rent. Do you see as you look at opportunities to deploy that capital into higher growth assets, are they going to be smaller transactions in your view, or do you see bigger opportunities out there as well where you might do a larger transaction, particularly as you try to match fund some of these things as well?
Conor Flynn: Yeah, I think it's a good question, Floris. I think the way we look at maximizing price and maximizing value, we seem to be achieving that on the one-off basis. So, on a one-by-one deal, whether it's through, each of those are unique circumstances, whether it's an entitled piece of property that's ready to be built and monetizing that to selling it to a developer. Or it's a long-term ground lease with a credit tenant that again might suit a 1031 buyer or a triple net type of investor. So, each of those are unique, the ingredients are unique on each parcel. So, we've been combing through that looking to see obviously what's the best results we can and then match funding that into a higher growth shopping center. And we're excited about, you know, the raw ingredients we have to work with.
Ross Cooper: And I would just add, I think that we're really excited to be at a point in the evolution of the company and our asset recycling where, you know, long gone are the days where the higher cap rate dilutive asset sales were leading the charge. Now it's really focused on accretive asset recycling. So, looking at these opportunities that we mentioned with the ground leases or monetizing some of our entitlements is a really strong way for us to accretively redeploy that capital versus years past, which wasn't quite the case.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Mailman of Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Hey, good morning. Just kind of curious if your internal views of inflation have changed at all, particularly some of the different policies from different administrations and how that could potentially be impacting how do you guys view kind of the price appropriate pricing for the real estate going forward if for instance, inflation stayed a little bit higher than it has? It seems to have been a tailwind the last couple of years here for everyone's ability to push rents.
Ross Cooper: Yes, inflation is still very much a focus. I mean, if you look at sort of the policies of both candidates, I think there's probably inflation issues on both sides. So, I think when we look at our assets and the growth profile and making sure that we continue to outpace inflation, I think that's critical for us. You know, clearly inflation for retailers that own a lot of inventory is actually a good thing. It's one of those situations where the consumer continues to gravitate towards the shopping center. The employment market is still very strong. Our traffic is up 2% year-over-year. I think when you look at the forward projections of inflation, it seems to be that the Fed is confident in their, in their positioning there of bringing it back down to their targeted levels. But again, it's something we're going to have to watch closely.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Ravi Vaidya: Hi, good morning, this is Ravi Vaidya on the line for Hendel wanted to ask you about transactions here. Can you discuss the competitive dynamics in the acquisition market? You raised acquisition guidance. We also raised the cap rate by 50, 60 bips. Are there smaller buyers at these check sizes and what specifically is driving the upward cap rate projection?
Ross Cooper: Sure. So, the cap rates are reflective of the transactions that we've completed this year. So, it's been a mix of our structured program which are higher octane, higher yielding investments and then of course layering in Waterford in the low seven. So, when you get that blend, that's where we settled in terms of the cap rate range. There's a lot of competition out there for transactions, there's no doubt about that. We've talked about the retail and capital curiosity from large institutions and investors that maybe have been on the sidelines for the last several years as it relates to retail that are now jumping back in. So, we're seeing a lot of competition, particularly for the neighborhood grocery anchored shopping centers. And frankly it's all across the country. A few recent examples of some transactions that just occurred. There was a grocery anchored shopping center in Las Vegas that just traded in the mid fives. We were looking at a deal in suburban Detroit in Michigan that was just recently awarded at a sub six cap, which is a very aggressive price for that part of the country that we haven't seen in quite a while. So, it's very clear to us that cap rates are going to continue to be very stable, if not continue to compress. Some of that is clearly going to be dependent upon where the rate environment goes. We've continued to see the volatility. In fact, you know, since the rate cuts, which I think the market really anticipated was going to lead to lower interest rates, we've actually seen the longer end of the curve expand 50 to 60 basis points depending on the day. So, you know, as long-term investors, you know, we're focused on what is the long-term growth trajectory of those assets as opposed to just to going in cap rate. But that's very much a consideration and we'll just continue to pick our spots and be disciplined.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinniss of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey. Hey. Good morning, Ross. I just want to touch on transaction volume again. I mean you mentioned that we could see greater investment volumes than we've seen in recent years. What's driving sellers to the market? I know you mentioned that there's a lot of competition for deals. But curious, what's driving sellers to be selling right now. And does this remain the case despite recently rising interest rates? And finally, if you could just touch on cap rates and how they may have moved since you guys initially agreed to the Waterford transaction a few months ago. Thanks.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yeah, I mean, I think every seller, every selling entity has their own rationale for why they might look to move an asset. I think in this environment, as we talked about, there's a lot of capital, a lot of demand. So, depending on what the profile of the seller is, if there's liquidity needs or any sort of redemptions, if it's part of some funding, the most liquid assets today at the pricing that most likely is closest to where their basis is, tends to be in open air, grocery anchored shopping centers as opposed to some other asset classes. So, we've seen investors or institutions take advantage of that and we've been the beneficiary of that in some cases. In particular, Waterford. You asked about the pricing on Waterford. As I mentioned, every deal has its own sort of life cycle. This was one that we've been working on since the first quarter of this year and didn't close on it until the fourth quarter of the year. I mean, there's a variety of reasons for that. One in particular being the CMBS loan that we assumed, which when you look at the rate there at 4.86% for the next five years happens to be right on top of the bond that we issued. Somewhat of a coincidence, but that had to do with the timing. So again, we look at these things as long-term holds. So, the fluctuations in the market and the pricing environment over the course of that six- or eight-month period, you know, it's really something that, over the six- or eight-month period, it's something that we. So anyway, yeah, so for, for that particular asset, I would tell you that today the pricing would be a little bit different from where we were at the beginning of the year. But again, as a long-term owner investor, it's not something we look at a point in time. We're just really excited about that asset at that pricing for decades to come within the portfolio.
Operator: The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the leasing environment. I feel like it doesn't come up as much because it seems to be a given that it's strong these days. But how would you characterize new leasing interest and tenant demand versus the recent past. And how do you expect that to translate to cash spreads and lease bumps? Maybe tenant turnover or whatever else it might be relevant too. Thanks.
Conor Flynn: Thanks for asking. You're right. I feel like it's an afterthought at times, but obviously starting with the supply demand, say it all the time, muted supply, high demand is sort of the driver to I think, the success of the leasing environment. When you look at the go forward. When I look at our '25 rollover schedule on the anchor side, you know, we have over 70% of our first half rollover schedule in '25 either resolved or in the process of getting resolved with the lease or renewal. And that's well ahead of plan to where we were last year. So, when I look at comparative statistics to historic trend rate to where we are today, we're ahead of plan in that regard. And then on the overall rollover schedule for '25, we're just slightly ahead of plan to as where we were at this time last year. In terms of, you know, the use categories obviously have hot off price as your leader for us. So, this year on the anchor side, you know, grocers are number two at almost 20% of our deal flow for, for the anchors on the new deals. So, it's just a demonstration that that product category continues to excel and they're really looking for market share, growth opportunities and also expansion into new markets as they build out their distribution facilities. I think when you listen to some of the retailer commentary as well, you're hearing some of these comments come out that, you know, they're trying to hit their store count and they're still struggling to hit their store count at times, creating new opportunities for us to step in and help facilitate that engage. So, we're working very, very closely with our retail partners to achieve that opportunity. And so, we're also now looking at '26 and '27 and our rollover schedule. And how does that match up well with their intentions and their growth strategy. So, we can get well ahead of plan here. As that ties to obviously rent growth. As you can see through our spreads, we've continued to excel and exceed prior quarter spreads. On the new deal side, our renewal side this quarter, the vast majority, over 90% were on the small shop side closer to market. But we'll continue to have that opportunity to push those spreads as well. So, net the environment still remains strong. We always look for cracks in the system, but currently we don't see anything that's material. And lease costs, as you know, we've continued to hold steady. Again, a good majority of the deals this quarter were on the small shop size that drive lower costs.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Yes, hi. Question for Ross. Regarding the mezzanine investments, $470 million spread across a couple dozen assets you've highlighted a few times their long term holds. Can you give us a flavor of what those properties look like, where they're located and how they fit in from a quality and location perspective?
Ross Cooper: Sure, absolutely. When you think about the composition of the structured program, it really does mirror, I would say, the composition of our greater owned portfolio. It's geographically diverse. We have some neighborhood grocery anchored shopping centers as well as some larger lifestyle assets. So, it does reflect what we're very comfortable owning and operating in the event that we were able to get our hands on them. So it's consistent and I think that there's probably going to be some opportunity within each and every format.
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Golladay of Baird. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hey, good morning, everyone. We have a residential opportunity at the Orlando asset. And then can you quantify or maybe give us a view into 2025 as far as how many big chunky assets may be in the pipeline?
Conor Flynn: Yes. On the residential side for Waterford, I mean, it's something that we, our team, our development team will be jumping all over day one. Obviously for us right now, we didn't underwrite any opportunities as it relates to that. Our focus is really enhancing the quality of the retail that's at the center and continuing to see that near term upside. So that will be our priority one. But as always, we do with all acquisitions as we look deeply about the other opportunities that we can unlock and mine for over the long-term. Yeah, I think with all of these larger assets, when you look at a larger land mass, it creates additional opportunity. We take a conservative approach in terms of our initial underwriting and we don't anticipate or include any future growth opportunity for densification. But what we have come to see is that those opportunities do exist and it's upside on top of what we've underwritten. Not too dissimilar from the Stonebridge asset that we acquired last year. That has multifamily opportunity in the future as well. And then on the second part, question about potential larger assets to be acquired in the future, again, those are lumpy. Typically, we look at everything that's in the market and Ross has mentioned previously that we're really looking at some of the structured investments as potential fee investments now as another opportunity going forward for us next year.
Operator: The next question comes from Paulina Rojas of Green Street. Please go ahead.
Paulina Rojas: Good morning, Kimco’s NOI gross CAGR over long periods, I'm looking at 10 years and five years as being two to two and a half. But recently we have seen a remarkable shift to the positive in fundamentals retailer demand stronger than in prior years. So how sticky do you think these strong fundamentals will be and how likely do you see materially beating these two to two and a half historical CAGR in Hawaii CAGR over, let's say the next five years.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it's a really good point and I think it's really sort of the very early innings of this type of retail revival that we're experiencing right now. And a lot of that outsized growth that we're experiencing today is driven by the lack of new supply over the last 13 years and then the rebound in demand. And so, when you look at where the percentage of CapEx is on an NOI basis today, and then you look at it next year, you're going to start to see that inflection point. If the momentum continues, where we don't have a lot of turnovers, we don't have a lot of bankruptcies and retention rates remain high, where you start to have a much stronger growth rate because there's lack of turnover in the space, there's lack of CapEx needed to build out space and you start to see the renewals taking up the lion's share of the deal volume, which has no tenant improvement allowance or landlord work. So that's really sort of the start of what I would anticipate to continue. As we continue to monitor the vibrancy of retail, there's really just a diverse set of demand drivers we're experiencing today and again, we don't see the supply side changing anytime soon just because of the return on cost that you need. There's still a long way off in terms of making those development deals. So that's what we continue to watch as we go into next year and if that pace continues, you'll hopefully see an improved growth rate going forward. That's exciting to Kimco.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yeah, hi. Was the decision to lower disposition guidance just timing or is it a view that you just need just want to sell fewer assets today?
Ross Cooper: Yeah, it's a combination of a few different factors. You know, we're in close conversation with all of our joint venture partners. Some have different viewpoints and I think hold strategies. You know, we have a few assets, particularly on the west coast that have currently been in the market with one of our joint venture partners sort of leading that charge. And so, there was a little bit of uncertainty earlier in the year as to how much of that might actually transact. We have a lot more clarity and transparency in that now, which enabled us to lower the guidance. And I think also just a combination of, you know, the performance in the portfolio, in particular some of the RPT assets that significantly outperformed initial expectations created a desire to take a pause and hold those assets longer term. So, a combination of those two factors gave us a lot of confidence to hold the portfolio longer.
Operator: The next question comes from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just going back to the same store question, just asking in a different way. When we're looking at sort of the three and quarter for the year, as you sort of flip the calendar, you've talked about occupancy and potential to gain more sort of good releasing spreads. Is bad debt really the only thing we should be focusing on for next year to maybe slow things down or are there any other considerations we should think about?
Glenn Cohen: You know, it's a good question. Look, the same site has been strong as we all talked about. There's a lot of good things that are happening, you know, and just, you know, for us in terms of rent, commencements have been quicker. The pipeline as we talked about is pretty strong. So that snow pipeline, we think 90% of the snow pipeline will commence during 2025. So that's going to be a real driver. We have very much focused on credit loss. So, you see credit loss has come down. Historically though credit loss has been in that 75 to 100 basis point range at the very low end of that range today. And we'll continue to monitor it. But based on where things are today, I think that's probably the right starting point for us.
Operator: The next question is a follow up from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thanks. Glenn, hey, just a question on maturities in '25. You obviously pre funded part of the maturities, but I think there's another bond, $250 million from Weingarten that has, I think it's a sub two coupon because of the gap mark to market. Can you just talk about that bond and you know what your thoughts are?
Glenn Cohen: Sure, Alex. So, we have $290 million of remaining maturities to address in 2025. $240 million is a 3.85% Weingarten bond, to Alex's point, has an effective interest rate of 1.48%. And then there are three mortgages that will be paying off in March that have a coupon of 3.5%. Again, we'll look for the right opportunity to probably go back to the bond market or we'll see where other things are. But we're in really good shape. We have full availability on our revolver today. So, there's $2 billion available there. We have lots of different options about how to approach and address the maturities. And as you've always seen, we try to stay ahead of them. And having a very, very well staggered maturity profile has served us really, really well, especially as you go through inflationary times like these.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: I'd like to thank everybody that participated on today's call. We look forward to getting together and seeing a few of you at the upcoming Nareit conference in November. As Ross mentioned, just anybody who's going out and celebrating Halloween, have a happy and safe day today. Thanks so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Kimco Realty Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bushnicki, Senior Vice President and Investor Relations Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco's quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our quarterly supplemental financial information on the Kimco Investor Relations website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. I will begin with an overview of the Kimco consumer, provide an update on the favorable supply and demand environment for our business, and then share some highlights on our strong operating results, all of which will underscore the resiliency of our high-quality, grocery-anchored, and mixed-use portfolio. We'll also cover the current transaction environment, and Glenn will provide additional financial metrics, report on our balance sheet position, and provide our updated outlook. We continue to navigate an economy that gives off mixed signals. A recent Bloomberg report noted that the American consumer savings have declined with the excess savings cushions that have been built up during the pandemic and used to offset rising prices that are no longer available. On the other hand, the labor market remains strong, reflecting both job growth and wage growth in the areas of our portfolio as situated. This has led the consumer to remain resilient, as they've tempered spending but not retrenched. As JP Morgan recently reported, the consumer is now rotating towards staples and seeking value at Walmart, Costco, and off-price retailers who are gaining market share. As such, we've benefited from the needs-oriented nature of our portfolio, as over 83% of our annual base rents come from grocery-anchored, open-air shopping centers. It is also why traffic at our properties has increased both sequentially and year-over-year. This has translated positively to our operating fundamentals, as our leasing team is firing on all cylinders. Demand for our well-located product remains strong, as tenants seek to retain existing space or add new locations. Our retention levels are near all-time highs, with heavy competition for any vacancies, generating increasing rents, better credit, and higher valuations. Nationally, store openings are outpacing closings, and the lack of quality retail is having a positive impact in tenant bankruptcy auctions, as leases are being acquired by healthy tenants striving to meet their expansion goals. In terms of new retail supply, the outlet remains in our favor. It has been well-documented that shopping center development, which currently stands at approximately 0.2% of existing inventory, remains exceedingly low. The shopping center sector has been sub-1% since 2010, and has provided the retail sector a meaningful tailwind to drive record-low vacancies across the country. More importantly, we don't see this dynamic changing anytime soon. As we have previously noted, rents would need to increase upwards of 35% to make new development investment worthwhile. This assertion was recently validated by a notable equity research firm, which calculated that the range of rent increases required to stimulate a creative development in the top 50 markets needed to be between 35% to 55%. All of this highlights the strength and unique position of our portfolio. As I noted, with our focus on grocery-anchored necessity-based off-price retail, we are able to generate solid results in all kinds of economic weather. This includes uncertainty of national elections and potential policy shifts, predictions of hard or soft landings, and the like. Our company, which features a resilient, well-located portfolio and strong demographic trade areas, solid balance sheet, and best-in-class team, stands out. To further illustrate this point, now let me touch on a few operating highlights. During the second quarter, we signed 144 new leases, totaling 669,000 square feet of pro-routed GLA with rent spreads of 26.3%, our 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit new leasing spreads. Renewals and options continued their positive trend, with 338 renewals and options completed at a spread of 9%. Overall deal volume totaled 2.3 million square feet, with combined rent spreads of 11.7%. Leasing velocity and retention drove pro-routed occupancy higher by 20 basis points sequentially to 96.2%. Pro-routed anchored occupancy increased 30 basis points from last quarter to 98.1% and was up 40 basis points year-over-year. Small shop occupancy increased 20 basis points sequentially to 91.7%, matching our all-time high set in Q4 of 2023 and representing an increase of 70 basis points year-over-year. Of note, we continue to derive meaningful outperformance from the RPT portfolio, which further validates our acquisition thesis. We executed 9 new leases in Q2, with comp rent spreads of 146%, driven by a grocery anchor replacing a furniture store and a strong fitness operator replacing a weaker fitness credit. We also executed 24 renewals and options during Q2, at a 17% average spread. Year-to-date, we have executed 19 new leases at former RPT sites with spreads of 87% and 46 renewals and options with spreads of 14%. The former RPT portfolio also produced same-site NOI of 4.5% for the quarter and 3.7% year-to-date, meaningfully outperforming our underwriting. We also increased our cost savings synergies to be realized this year as well as additional future revenue opportunities, stemming from increasing the RPT small shop portfolio, which currently sits at over 400 basis points below Kimco's. Additional growth in ancillary income will also be generated by our specialty leasing program. In closing, we are enthused by the performance of our team and our portfolio, resulting in increases to our FFO and same-site NOI outlook. The growth profile of our portfolio continues to trend up, and our team continues to look across the investment spectrum for new growth opportunities, all while remaining vigilant on costs. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Ross? Thank you, Conor, and good morning. I hope everyone is having a wonderful summer. On last quarter's call, we talked about the solid fundamentals of the open-air retail format. We further discussed the volatility in the capital markets and how it has tempered the transaction environment. While those same themes continue to persist, we are positioned to take advantage of dislocations within the market to invest accretively, given our favorable access to capital and multiple investment platforms. We continue to see unique opportunities on both the structured investment side, as well as via targeted acquisition opportunities for larger format open-air centers. And in the second quarter, we funded several new structured investments that all have unique attributes but share a general theme of high-quality real estate, accretive yields, and a right to acquire if they are marketed for sale in the future. I'll touch on three of the more significant transactions. We provided $8 million of mezzanine financing for an infill core Giant Foods grocery-anchored regional center in the dense market of Alexandria, Virginia; $10 million of mezzanine financing for the acquisition of Sprouts grocery-anchored center in Atlanta, Georgia; and we also funded a senior loan at The RIM in San Antonio for $146 million at 9% interest rate. We also converted our existing $50 million preferred equity position in The RIM to mezzanine financing, giving us greater control of the capital stack on a trophy asset that is one of the most visited properties, not just in Texas, but all over the U.S. On the acquisition side, we are encouraged by the deal flow and the possibilities as pricing is moving closer to our hurdle rates. While neighborhood grocery-anchored centers in our core markets remain aggressively priced in the 5% to 6% cap rate range, larger format assets in similar geographies with solid demographics and densification opportunities are trading at higher cap rates due to their operational dynamics and the larger check sizes. These unique attributes align well with the Kimco platform and is a differentiator that we believe allows for a better risk-adjusted return for our shareholders. We remain confident in achieving our 2024 acquisitions range of $300 million to $350 million that is inclusive of structured investments. As it relates to dispositions, following the completion of the $248 million of RPT asset sales in the first quarter, we have substantially completed our 2024 plan. Any dispositions in the second half of the year will be very modest and at a much lower cap rate. Therefore, we have reduced our disposition guidance for this year to a new range of $300 million to $350 million, which is net neutral with our 2024 acquisition target with a slightly lower blended weighted average cap rate. Now on to Glenn for an update on the financial aspects of the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. Our high-quality operating portfolio generated strong second quarter results as we maintained a strong balance sheet and enhanced our liquidity position. Highlights for the second quarter include continued positive leasing activity, producing increased occupancy, another quarter of double-digit leasing spreads, and solid same-site NOI growth. Now for some details on our second quarter results. FFO was $276 million, or $0.41 per diluted share, as compared to last year's second quarter results of $243.9 million, or $0.39 per diluted share, representing per share growth of 5.1%. We produced $387.9 million of total pro rata NOI in the second quarter, an increase of $45.8 million over the same period in the prior year. This growth was driven by $38.3 million of pro rata NOI from the RPT acquisition, $12.8 million from higher minimum rents, and $1.6 million from higher net recoveries from the balance of the consolidated portfolio. These consolidated NOI increases were impacted by lower percentage rent and other income of $3.5 million, which was mostly due to timing, and higher credit loss of $1.4 million. Our credit loss for the first half of the year was 86 basis points, the midpoint of our bad debt assumption. The net NOI increase was offset by greater pro rata interest expense of $14 million due to the higher interest rate on the $500 million bond issued in the fourth quarter last year related to the refinancing lower coupon debt, $510 million of additional debt in connection with the RPT acquisition, and lower fair market value amortization related to the payoff of a Weingarten bond. The operating portfolio continues to produce strong results as Conor outlined. Same site NOI growth was positive 3% for the second quarter. The primary driver was higher minimum rents contributing positive 3.4%, driven by quicker rent commencements from the signed not open pipeline, which compressed 10 basis points from last quarter to 320 basis points. At the end of June, the signed not opened pipeline represents 426 leases and $63 million of ABR, of which $30 million is expected to commence in the second half of the year, generating $8 million for the remainder of the year. For the six months of 2024, same site NOI growth was positive 3.4%. These results demonstrate the continued strength of our well-located portfolio. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter 2024 with consolidated net debt to EBITDA of 5.5 times. On a look-through basis, including pro rata JV debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding, net debt to EBITDA was 5.8 times. These metrics would have been one tick better if we included the full quarter of income from the $146 million structured investment in The RIM Shopping Center made in late June. Subsequent to quarter end, we increased the size of our $200 million term loan by an additional $300 million. The term loan has a final maturity date in 2029, and we swapped the $300 million to a fixed rate of 4.78%, including our credit spread for the full term. We used the proceeds to repay $220 million outstanding on our $2 billion revolving credit facility, which had a borrowing coupon of 6.19%. The balance of the funds was invested in an interest-bearing account earning in the mid fives pending use for investment. Separately, we achieved the high end of our sustainability goals by surpassing our required scope one and scope two greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. As a result, the borrowing spread on our $2 billion revolving credit facility and our $310 million term loan is reduced under the green pricing feature. The reduction is 4 basis points from the stated credit spread for both facilities, and we get a one basis point reduction in our facility fee on our revolving credit facility. Now for an update on our outlook. Based on our strong first half results and our expectations for the balance of the year, we are again raising our FFO per diluted share range from $1.56 to $1.60 to a new range of $1.60 to $1.62. Our increased FFO per share guidance range incorporates the following updates to our full year assumptions. Same site NOI growth of 2.75% to 3.25% from the previous level of 2.25% to 3% and is inclusive of the RPT assets and a credit loss assumption of 75 basis points to 100 basis points. Full year cost saving synergies from the RPT acquisition improving to $35 million to $36 million. Interest income expected to be between $13 million to $15 million and lower disposition guidance of $300 million to $350 million. Our other full year guidance assumptions remain intact. I want to thank all our associates whose efforts significantly contributed to our outstanding results. We are well positioned to deliver growth. And with that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. My question is on the guidance. And you took the FFO guidance higher to $1.60 to $1.62. And that was supported by both the higher same property NOI expectations as well as some other moving pieces. Can you just walk through how much of a contribution of the FFO guidance is driven by the same property NOI? And then what are the other pieces that are driving the forecast higher?
Glenn Cohen: Sure, Michael. The primary driver really is the operating portfolio. Again, our rent commencements have been quicker than what we had originally forecasted. That's a major driver. And that also drives same-side NOI growth because it's cash-based. Expense control is another piece. We've been really very focused on expense control both at the property level and the G&A level. Those are the primary drivers, but it's really coming from the operating portfolio.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, I would also say, Michael, that as we talked about, it's also the RPT. We've had better execution than planned. So that's doing well for us as well from the guidance increase.
Michael Goldsmith: Just as a related follow-up here, you've done same property NOI of three, four for the first half of the year. The guidance assumes that decelerates in the back half. Can you kind of walk through what are the factors that are going to drive that deceleration in the back half of the year?
Glenn Cohen: We've increased the guidance range of same site now twice during the year. Again, the portfolio is performing very well. We do have a tougher comp in the third quarter of last year based on some one-time things that were in there that has a little bit of an impact. But overall, we feel very comfortable with the revised guidance range that we've put out.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, and we look at same site as an annualized number. There's always, as Glenn mentioned, there's noise quarter to quarter, timing of expenses, recoveries, et cetera. It really is always intended to be an annualized number. So when you look at the annual outlook and we've increased that guidance, it's a good indication of the direction we feel we're going.
Michael Goldsmith: Got it. Thank you very much. Good luck in the back half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Good morning, everybody. Hey, Conor, you spoke about the RPT portfolio, the 400 basis point spread and shop occupancy. I was just trying to understand kind of the ability to close this gap. I mean, what's the timing on this? Considering that I would imagine some of that is probably harder to leave space, right? You need some capital spend on that for anchor repositioning. So help us walk through kind of how to think about that closure of the gap over the next several years. Thanks.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, happy to, Samir. We look at that vacancy as real upside. So when you look at the SNO pipeline or the signed not opened pipeline of the former RPT portfolio, that's really getting compressed. So we were driving that the first two quarters. And that's why you saw over 4% same site NOI in that portfolio for the second quarter. Now, as those anchors start to come online, that's when you're going to start to see the pickup in the small shop leasing. Because typically, you want to have an operating anchor that's easier to fill around where you can mark to market those rents around the former vacancy. Whereas previously, if you have a vacant anchor box, it's a lot harder to lease the small shops around that vacancy. So we do anticipate, because we've seen it in our own portfolio, the small shop leasing continuing to show the strength and the acceleration. And we are very focused on driving the small shop occupancy in that portfolio. Because again, that's where we see upside. That's really sort of the investment pieces that we continue to focus on and execute on.
Operator: The next question comes from Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good morning. The Strip had a nice run earlier this week. Based on your discussions with private equity peers, how would you describe interest in the Strip today versus six months ago? And then how are you viewing your own NAV today versus where you're trading?
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dori. We've been pretty consistent this year that capital formations continue to accelerate for open-air shopping centers. I think when you look at the recent transactions that have been announced, Cohen & Steers obviously coming in in a joint venture to buy a grocery-anchored shopping center. When you look at the amount of capital formations from the institutional investors, private equity, it's very clear the supply and demand that we've been talking about is starting to come into focus because it's showing up in the numbers and it's really producing significant growth. And I think the other big piece of it is the cap rates for the product are still relatively attractive when you look at other sectors. And I think that is really driving a lot of interest because of the lack of new supply on the horizon. I feel like that really opens people's eyes back up to the shopping center sector.
Ross Cooper: I would just add, we have a pretty strong purview given the joint venture partners that we have that are all pretty diverse and have different views on retail. And across the board, what we're seeing is a lot of private equity and other formation that have really gone from, I would say, retail curious to retail active. And that really is something that we think is going to push both cap rates activity, and investment in the back half of the year and beyond that.
Operator: And the next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks for the time. Just curious on the structured investments, if you can comment on the types of opportunities incrementally you're seeing in the market yield expectations. And you kind of mentioned as well, maybe more opportunities for some bigger centers and how we should think about incremental deal flow second half and going into 2025.
Ross Cooper: Absolutely. The structured investment is a unique product that every deal is a little bit different. I indicated three of the transactions that we closed on in the second quarter, it was a combination of a recap of an existing owner. One was acquisition financing. And then, of course, The RIM was an exciting, unique opportunity where we have the ability to further strengthen our position in a dominant asset that has a tremendous amount of equity embedded in it and ultimately could become an acquisitions target. So whatever the outcome of that asset investment is, is going to be a positive for Kimco. I think that on a go forward basis, as we look at the third and the fourth quarters, our expectation is that our investment activity will be more heavily weighted toward core acquisitions as some of the structured investments have been completed. And again, they're sort of one off and unique in nature. But there's definitely a place for our capital within the stack, whether it be repositioning, financing, new acquisitions, as we've seen volumes starting to increase and a lot more optimism. As the rate environment, there's an expectation that the cuts might be coming and there just seems to be a bit more stability and optimism in the environment. I think that the back half of the year is going to be positive for Kimco.
Operator: And the next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning. Ross, just to better understand on that acquisition guidance, the 7.5% blended cap for the year on midpoint $325 million of investment seems to imply a 0% cap rate on the remaining $80 million. It sounds like you're talking about core assets, but are we missing something on the map there or is there a plan to buy land?
Ross Cooper: It's certainly not a land plan. I think when you look at the guidance, it is a blended spread between our structured investments and our core activity. As you've seen clearly, the first half of the year has been heavily weighted towards structured investments. We do anticipate that in the second half of the year, there's going to be more activity on the core acquisition. So as we have a little bit more color and clarity on the specifics of the deal that we're looking at now, we'll certainly update that guidance in that range. But with where we sit today and what we know is in the pipeline, we're comfortable with where we sit.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. And on the development side, Coulter Place seems to have pretty limited investment this quarter. Is there a slowdown to development happening there? Any color would be appreciated.
Conor Flynn: Right now, we've poured the foundation for the parking, the subterranean parking, and then the ground floor retail, construction's underway. Just as a reminder for us, it's a preferred equity structure, so our capital investment is limited.
Glenn Cohen: As a matter of fact, I'll just add that our capital is actually fully in, so you won't see any increase going forward.
Operator: And the next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Hey, guys. Just to go back to maybe The RIMs a bit, you guys are about $200 million of the capital stack now. Could you give us a sense of maybe what the LTV of that overall property is, given the 9% rate, it seems like, and versus what others are getting for high-quality kind of Strip and open air that seems kind of a high coupon it is? I know you alluded to you guys always look from loan to own, but is this something in the near-term you guys could get an equity stake in? How should we kind of think about this particular investment?
Conor Flynn: Sure. Happy to. Yeah. The RIM is really an exceptional asset. It performs really well. Our partner/borrower has executed on the business plan exceptionally well. Leasing is strong. We're right around 100% occupied there. Our expectation in terms of recent valuations is that there's at least $50 million of equity in that deal. So when you're looking at it from our position, being just under $200 million from an LTV standpoint, we're right at that 80%, which is really where the structured investment program is intended to cap out. So, we feel very comfortable with where we sit. As I mentioned, it's still a little bit unclear as to ultimately where that shakes out. But whether we get repaid and keep our position in the deal or ultimately own it, I think that either outcome would be a fantastic one for Kimco. You are correct that the coupon is fairly high. It is intended to be relatively short-term, while I think the borrowers consider what the next step is there, whether it be a refinanced or sale or otherwise. There are some moving pieces there, but we're in a really strong position.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexandra Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. I'm still Alexandra Goldfarb. I don't know. I guess I'm a new-age fluid person. So a question for you. On the small shop, because that's where a lot of the juice is coming from, not sure if you've quantified, but maybe you could. The impact to FFO or NOI margin as the small shop leases up, becomes occupied, paying rents, you mentioned 400 basis point, lower small shop occupancy in the RPT versus Kimco. And obviously in the release, you highlighted the record least rate in the Kimco portfolio, 91.7%. Can you just give some framework around what the earnings benefit as the small shop takes effect, maybe every 100 BPs of small shop occupancy versus the larger boxes? Because I've got to believe that the earnings impact is superior, just given the better economics.
Ross Cooper: Yeah, great question, Alex. Doing the math quickly, so you have about 25 million square feet of small shop space. If you take 100 basis points of that, it's about 250,000. Average rent for our small shops is around $32 a foot. So multiply the two, you get around $8 million of AVR from that and that excludes obviously any recovery benefit you would get from that as well. So if you take that, quantify it into the FFO gain, there's obviously significant upside. And when you look at how we've been trending, obviously on the small shop activity for Kimco, and what we anticipate, what we could potentially do on the RPT side, we see real benefits going forward. On the snow pipeline, that's $63 million. On the non-anchor side, it represents about 47% of that total $63 million. So you're starting to see real meaningful contribution from the small shop growth.
Conor Flynn: Small shops also typically take less time and less capital to come online. So really it's a focus. Clearly we understand the upside, and we continue to ride the momentum.
Operator: And the next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey, guys. Following up on the small shop concept, obviously it's a huge earnings driver and upside potential. I know you guys are around 49% of ABR from shop space today. Where do you think, once the portfolio stabilizes, that percentage of ABR from shop space goes to or can go to?
Conor Flynn: It's a good question, Flores. I think we are laser focused on driving that small shop occupancy. Obviously we're in uncharted territories, because if you think about the drag that the RPT portfolio had on Kimco's small shop occupancy, we're setting records this quarter. So we have the ability to continue to push. We don't see any hurdles in front of us that should sort of derail the momentum that we're seeing. And trying to generate as much growth from the small shop side is really the focus. The occupancy on the anchors is over 98%. There's still a lot of demand there, as I mentioned earlier. A lot of leases that are in bankruptcy auctions are being acquired because they can't find good quality retail space. So they're acquiring it out of the bankruptcy process. But I think when you look at the small shop occupancy side, we're not sure how high we can push it, but we're going to push it as hard as we can to all-time highs.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeff Spector: Good morning. Conor, just based on your opening remarks around the economy, mixed signals, the consumer, what are the marching orders to the leasing team at this point? Are you changing your leasing strategy or staying at the pace? Thank you.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Jeff. It's pretty consistent. I think when you've got the advantage that we have in terms of advantages of scale, we try and be proactive and work with our partners, our retailers, to try and make sure that we are the first call and looking out two, three, five years even for their growth strategy. So the benefit of Kimco's portfolio is a lot of our retailers are regional, and some of them have yet to even consider some of our target areas where we have phenomenal portfolios. So when you look at some of the retailers that have done quite well recently, like Sprouts, Farmer’s Market, for example, they have yet to even really penetrate some of our markets. And the same goes for some other grocers. We did five grocery-anchored leases this quarter, five. And we feel like that demand is still accelerating. And when we look at our portfolio, a lot of our strategy is to utilize the platform and the team to go and unlock more value by adding groceries to it. So there's a lot of momentum there. The focus is on executing. We've got a lot of tools at our disposal. We just designed a brand-new interactive site plan that we're really excited about that actually links to all of our data. So, it's really a unique tool that allows our field team to be able to utilize it in the field with the retailers to be able to generate more leasing opportunities. So, a lot of things clicking on all cylinders right now, and obviously, you can tell we're super excited to continue the momentum.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, just got two quick ones. One on the RPT. Just looking at the slide on the deck, which was really helpful, I think we talked about the 420 basis points, small shop occupancy. But can you hit on just the Mary Brickell Village redevelopment, just the timing? I know it's farther out, but how is that sort of progressing? How are you thinking about executing on that would be question one. And then the question two is just on the breadcrumbs on same store and why? It seems like you're going to continue to gain occupancy from here. The portfolio is pretty full. With sort of similar bad debt assumptions as this year, as last year, is there any reason you can't do another sort of 3% long-term going forward? What are the puts and takes there? Thanks.
Conor Flynn: On the Mary Brickell side, you're right. I mean, there is a tremendous amount of opportunity there. Right now, near term, the reinvention of the merchandising plan and the releasing opportunities are significant. You're seeing rents go from the 40s up into the triple digits. And so our focus right now is near-term opportunities to re-merchandise, reposition healthy portions of that asset. And that will be the focus in the near term. As it relates to your other question.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, as it relates to the same site, again, we are very comfortable with the guidance range that we have. So you're doing 2.75% to 3.25%. Looking at longer range, obviously, our intent is to continue to drive same site growth as much as we can. But again, it's an annual number. Quarter by quarter makes it a little tricky quarter by quarter every 90 days. But the team is incredibly focused on generating leases quickly and getting those tenants open as fast as we can. We've dedicated a lot of resource to helping our tenants get those stores open and getting the rent commencement as quick as possible. So that's the driving force today.
Ross Cooper: The only other thing I would add on Mary Brickell Village is you've probably seen a lot of the news headlines of all the development going up around Mary Brickell Village. And the demand there from the retailers continues to accelerate. Market rents continue to accelerate. And Mary Brickell Village was obviously part of the RPT portfolio. And that price per square foot for the whole portfolio was $165 a foot, which included Mary Brickell Village.
Operator: Next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. Maybe just a little bit more on the leasing side. It feels like the environment's been pretty good for a while. What are some of the key steps you guys use to gauge leasing interest and activity, like the size of the pipeline, number of lease proposals, et cetera? How are they trending? And has there been any change to who the active tenants are?
Ross Cooper: First, start with retention. Obviously, our retention rates right now are about 90%, which are exceeding our historic highs over the last several years. So the demand for existing tenants to remain in place and want to renew and continue to operate their business with us has been really, really encouraging. On the new lease side, the acceleration of both the anchor and the small shop activity, again, as Conor mentioned several times before, the all-time highs, I think that's your best indicator of showing the demand side. So you're retaining and then you're growing. And then in terms of how you're looking forward in terms of new retailers that are looking to expand into the portfolio, you're seeing a lot of ethnic grocers being very proactive in the sector right now, which is great. And they're looking not only one to two years, but really three-plus years out now and planning for well into the future because as we mentioned earlier, there is no new development supply on the horizon in any meaningful way to create new inventories. So, it's all about second-generation space. All of these retailers need to hit their mark and hit their own growth strategies. So, they want to be as proactive with us as we are with them. And you're seeing that, too, in terms of obviously deal terms and the flexibility of the space in which they target. Prototypes were something coveted in the past and now they've become much more flexible in how they utilize the space and either expand or contract to fit into the opportunity that's presented in front of them. It's developed really strong partnerships with all of our retailers and resulted in all of us having to get creative to help achieve both collective goals.
Operator: And the next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Two-part question. You mentioned SNO getting open faster. Is there any way to quantify how much more quickly this is happening and do you think you have the ability to move it even faster?
Conor Flynn: Sure. In the first part of this year, we anticipated our SNO contribution at $25 million to $30 million. We're now at the upper end of that range, so $30-plus million for the year, as Glenn mentioned in his prepared remarks, about $8 million coming online for the second half of this year. And then when you look ahead in terms of what's going to be contributed as it relates to that $63 million, between ‘24 and ‘25, about $30-plus million will start to come online in ‘24, and then another $20-plus million will come online in 2025. So that's almost 85-90% of that SNO pipeline starting to flow over the next 12 months. How we're doing this is just exhaustive work. It's simply put that the tenant coordination, the construction team, leasing team, property management are all exhausting all of their efforts to help solve problems in the field challenges, and develop opportunities to open them sooner. That's the only way you can get it done.
Linda Tsai: And then just to follow up on the transaction environment, how much has cap rates compressed since the beginning of the year, and then what's the level of compression you might expect over the next 12 months?
Conor Flynn: I think in the first half of the year, it's been fairly consistent. As we talked about, transaction volumes have been lower this year compared to 2023, but the deals that are getting done continue to be at fairly aggressive rates. So, we haven't seen much movement or comparable product in terms of the cap rates that they're trading at. That being said, there is a fair amount of optimism that the back half of the year and into 2025 with the amount of capital that's been on the sidelines that's ready to invest, and with the expectation that the rate environment is stable, if not moving lower. The anticipation is that there's going to be more capital, which inherently should push cap rates down gradually over time.
Operator: And the next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hey, good morning, everyone. It looks like just under 30% of the anchor leases expiring through 2025 have no option. It looks like their older leases, about a 40% mark to market. Ho should we think about retention here? Do you look to force move-outs to get more relevant tenants in?
Conor Flynn: Right now, you're right. It's about 52 leases that are rolling with no options in 2025. We've resolved or are in the process of resolving about half of those already. So, it's a combination of identifying new opportunities to backfill space at higher rents, retaining the existing tenants in place at a market rent. What we do is we look at, in today's environment, is the merchandizing mix and what is best for the asset long term to drive shareholder value and best support the needs of the shopping center itself. So, it's a combination of all those activities. But again, we're already looking ahead into 2025 and feel very good about the outlook.
Operator: And the next question comes from Paulina Rojas with Green Street Capital. Please go ahead.
Paulina Rojas: Good morning. As you described, the sector's background is clearly very solid. And based on your experience, what level of year-over-year rent growth should these solid fundamentals translate into if you think about the next 12 to 24 months? And also, if you could comment on how is your negotiating power evolving with anchors? It seems to me that most of the rent growth is coming from the shop side of the business. Thank you.
Conor Flynn: I think what you've seen is the trajectory of the same site NOI growth continues to improve. When you look at the components of that, as you know, a lot of it has to do with retention because we're so highly occupied. So as retention rates remain high and we're getting the incremental growth from new leasing, you're seeing 3% plus over the past three quarters that we've been able to produce. So, when you look out, it's hard to extract exactly what the new glide path looks like. Historically, our sector has produced around a 2% same site NOI growth profile. Obviously, we're treading towards higher than that. But we like just executing on where we are today and continuing to look at the opportunities that are going forward. Clearly, we've talked a lot today about the small shop opportunity we have. We think that will continue to manifest in our numbers. And then on the anchor side?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, on the anchor side, the conversation, we sort of break it into three broad categories. Obviously, on the terms, you mentioned growth. We're continuing to push rent escalations, both in the primary and the option period, ensuring that we retain as much control as we can into the future. When we look at the space, I mentioned this before, growth also comes from the accommodation of being more flexible with the space in which they're willing to occupy. If you're able to show some flexibility and modify that prototype to get them in place, you then also get the halo effect benefit from the balance of the center with a tenant open and operating. And then finally, with timing too, as I mentioned, we're building a very robust pipeline into the future. And so we're working with our retail partners and our anchors to look well out in front 12, 24, 36 months and beyond to help achieve both collective goals. So we're seeing the conversation evolve pretty dramatically in several broad categories.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning. First question I have maybe for you, Ross. I guess I was surprised a bit in the reduction in the dispositions here. I know it's not a sizable amount, you're not in a position needing to sell assets, but we've heard of scarcity premiums, increased buyer interest. So I guess, can you add a bit more color on why you're pulling back here? You're not getting the demand or pricing you want? Are the assets perhaps better than you appreciated? Are you preferring to keep the cash flow? What are we not appreciating or what's changed since you first contemplated the sale of a greater portion of these former RPT assets? Thanks.
Ross Cooper: Sure. It's just looking at the outlook of where we are right now. The First of August, we completed the vast majority of the dispositions that we had planned. We were really excited with the execution on the RPT dispose. And when we look at the performance of the portfolio that we have right now, there really isn't a need to further dispose. We have the availability of our full credit facility, so liquidity is in the best shape that it's been in, so it's not a capital need per se. We do have several assets that are within our joint ventures that are currently in the market. We're not certain if a few of those or any of those may or may not transact, but if they do, they'll certainly be at significantly lower cap rates than where we've been, which is sort of what prompted the decision to drop the upper end of the cap rate range on the dispositions. So, it really is just a combination of the entirety of our capital plan and our outlook and the performance of our portfolio that we feel really good about where we are. And we'll revisit where things shake out when we go through the budgets for 2025, but at least through the end of 2024, that's where we feel most comfortable.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Hi. Just a quick one on bad debts. For the 86 basis points that you had in the first quarter or the first half of the year, you talked a little bit about the makeup of that how concentrated or diverse was it, types of tenants, anything notable there?
Conor Flynn: Yeah, thanks so much for the question. So you're right, the credit loss for the year to date is at 86 basis points. There's really nothing, no current tenants that are having concern inside that number that would make us go outside of our projected credit loss guidance of 75 to 100 basis points. For the quarter, there's definitely an impact of timing in there. So we bill a majority of our CAM bills as well as some real estate tax bills during the second quarter. And as such, any tenants that are cash basis, you have to put up 100% reserve right away. It's definitely a timing impact. But overall, we're not seeing anything in the AR in terms of creep or any acceleration on year-over-year levels that are pretty stable and flat. So we're very comfortable with our 75 to 100 basis points that we have in guidance.
Conor Flynn: Next question.
Operator: And the final question comes from Michael Gorman with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Michael Gorman: Sorry if I missed it, but can you just talk for a minute about the occupancy cost ratio that you're seeing as you're out there doing the new leasing? And I guess specifically the reason I'm thinking about this is obviously from the traditional real estate supply-demand perspective, there's a lot of strength there. I'm just wondering how much continued strength and rent growth the tenant environment can support here and has there been any shift in the tenant thought process in terms of how much of their cost structure can go towards rent and towards real estate?
Conor Flynn: Yeah. Occupancy cost ratio is very sector-to-sector, retailer-to-retailer, because it's a culmination of really how they run their business and the margins associated with the products they sell. But it's always a continued dialogue between what is the all-in costs for our leases, both on the base rent and the CAM associated with that rent. And it's a negotiating point, obviously, when you have multiple bidders at the table, you have that opportunity to push those rents higher. But it's something that we're mindful of, they're mindful of. But right now what we're seeing is we're still continuing to see very healthy, strong rent growth from where we were historically and are encouraged by the direction.
Ross Cooper: Yeah, Mike, don't forget that now most of brick-and-mortar retail is used as a distribution and fulfillment point. So the occupancy cost of the old days of just the four walls has changed dramatically. And I think honestly, we're just scratching the surface in terms of value proposition of the store and the true occupancy cost, because the margin gets enhanced if you can run the e-commerce sale through the store and most retailers have that as their business model, which continue to show why they're putting a lot of capital towards expansion goals today.
Conor Flynn: It's actually a great point because they're now looking at it like trade area in its totality and how much market share they're grabbing out of the entire trade area. So the way in which they're viewing the world is very different than just the days of old where it was just four-wall EBITDA growth, but instead where it's the larger catchment area that this store can fulfill.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: I'd just like to thank everybody that participated on our call today. We hope you enjoy the rest of your day as well as the rest of the summer. So thanks so much.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Kimco Realty First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. 
 I would like now to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. 
 As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. 
 During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our quarterly supplemental financial information on the Kimco Investor Relations website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. 
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor. 
Conor Flynn: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. I will lead off today with an update on the RPT integration, a summary of our significant first quarter leasing accomplishments and a brief review of our strategic direction and goals. Ross will follow with an update on the transaction market, and Glenn will close with a summary of our financial results, major metrics and the specifics behind our increase to guidance. 
 After a seamless close on our acquisition of RPT on the first business day of the year, the integration is now complete. Most important is that in almost all aspects as it relates to RPT, we are ahead of our underwriting expectations in terms of timing, performance and the select monetization of their assets. The new portfolio is performing well, producing over 3% same-site NOI for the quarter and revealing exciting growth opportunities that were either not previously underwritten or had overly conservative assumptions. This includes greater ancillary income, better-than-expected credit loss and in the lease-up of shop space. We are very excited about the prospects for the new combination going forward, and many thanks to our talented team, including our newest associates on this smooth integration. 
 From a cost synergies perspective, at this early point in the year were ahead of expectations and anticipate reaching the high end of the stated range of $34 million in 2024. 
 The better-than-expected results are attributable to our execution of planned dispositions ahead of schedule as well as the implementation of lessons learned from Weingarten, including accurate underwriting of hiring needs and a more rapid approach to decommissioning office space and eliminating duplicative services. 
 Kimco's operating platform is delivering efficiencies due to the clustering of additional assets in our core trade areas as well as the strategic investments we've made over the past 5 years: technology, talent and other areas. 
 Turning to our first quarter leasing results. The portfolio generated same-site NOI growth of 3.9%. The increase includes 2.8% growth from higher minimum rents and a combination of lower landlord expenses, lower credit loss and higher net recoveries. Pro rata occupancy came in at 96%, which represents a decrease of 20 basis points from last quarter, but also an improvement of 20 basis points from a year ago. 
 The change from last quarter was primarily due to the RPT merger and the vacating of 4 Rite Aid locations. Pro rata occupancy was also up 20 basis points to 97.8% and flat from a year ago. Small shop occupancy was down 20 basis points from last quarter to 91.5% as a result of the RPT merger, while still up 80 basis points from a year ago. Excluding the impact of RPT, small shop occupancy actually would have increased 20 basis points sequentially and represents future upside. 
 During the first quarter, we leased over 4 million square feet, including 143 new leases signs of positive leasing spreads of 35.5%. We continued our strong trend with over 400 renewals and options completed at an overall positive spread of 7.8%. Overall combined spreads were 10.2% on 583 deals. 
 Our leased-to-economic occupancy spread now stands at 330 basis points, representing a 20 basis point compression from last quarter as leases commenced and represents $63.4 million of annual base rent with about $18 million expected to come online during the remainder of 2024. 
 Our strong quarterly results give us confidence to raise our full year guidance for both FFO and same-site NOI, which Glenn will provide further color on, recognizing the importance of growing in a high inflation environment, we remain focused on trimming noncritical expenses. 
 Further, we have strategically positioned our open-air grocery and mixed-use portfolio in firs-ring suburbs of select vibrant major metropolitan areas. These high barrier entry markets continue to represent the sweet spot of the retail landscape as new supply remains constrained and demand from our best-in-class tenants remain strong. Ross? 
Ross Cooper: Thank you, and good morning. It was a busy quarter of execution for Kimco, and we're pleased with our current positioning and what we've accomplished year-to-date. Just 3 short months ago on the fourth quarter earnings call, I mentioned the optimism in the transaction environment coming off of a dip in the treasury rate and expectations for the Fed rate cuts in 2024. 
 The optimism was short-lived as inflation has remained sticky dampening the prospect of interest rate cuts and transaction activity. Notwithstanding the macro challenges, we were able to successfully complete the RPT sales consistent with our underwriting expectations as Conor shared. We sold 10 former RPT centers in the first quarter with the level of sales and cap rates in line with the previously provided guidance ranges as well as a similar cap rate on the overall RPT company acquisition that was completed this January. 
 In addition, we negotiated to retain a slice of the capital stack on 8 of the sold assets in the form of mezzanine financing which allows us to continue to earn a double-digit yield on a secure income stream. With these sales completed ahead of schedule, we have executed on the majority of our disposition targets for 2024. We can now focus our efforts on new investment activity throughout the balance of the year. Glenn will soon provide more details on this. 
 Speaking of investment activity, we have also closed on a pair of structured investments, one during the first quarter and the second subsequent to quarter end. Both properties align with our strategy of investing in high-quality real estate, supported by strong tenancy and demographics with seasoned operators. We also have a right of first offer or refusal embedded in our position. 
 Total Kimco investment in the 2 properties was modest at $17 million, but the value of the 2 centers combined is upwards of $175 million allowing us to get our foot in the door on a potential future acquisition opportunity. We expect there will be additional unique and attractive structured investment opportunities as our capital remains in high demand. 
 On the core acquisition front, we have maintained our disciplined approach to investing at a spread to our cost of capital. Asset pricing remains strong as we have seen major market infill grocery and high-quality convenience centers still trading at plus or minus 6% cap rates and in some cases, even below that. While this is a testament to the fundamental strength of the open-air retail platform, it has not been easy to find accretive opportunities through the first 4 months of the year. 
 We remain confident in our ability to source and secure properties that align with our return thresholds and given our selective approach, it will likely push more of our acquisition activity toward the late second half of the year. 
 Now off to Glenn for the financial results and updates to our outlook. 
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. 2024 was off to a strong and active start. As Conor mentioned, our first quarter results are highlighted by solid leasing activity, double-digit leasing spreads and robust same-site NOI growth. These positive operating metrics drove our strong FFO per share growth, excluding merger costs.
 All our metrics are inclusive of the $2.3 billion RPT acquisition, which we completed on the first business day of 2024. While we are providing insight on the RPT contribution for the first quarter, we do not plan to continue breaking out that performance as operations are fully integrated. 
 Now for some details on our first quarter results. FFO was $261.8 million or $0.39 per diluted share, which includes merger charges of $25.2 million or $0.04 per diluted share. Our strategic and timely acquisition of RPT resulted in several significant contributors to our improved performance, primarily on higher pro rata NOI. 
 Importantly, RPT is running ahead of all our underwriting expectations as Conor highlighted. Excluding the merger charges, FFO would have been $0.43 per diluted share for the first quarter as compared to $238.1 million or $0.39 per diluted share for the first quarter last year representing a 10.3% per share increase. The primary driver of our improved performance was our higher pro rata NOI of $53.7 million of which $38 million was generated by the RPT sites. Pro rata NOI also benefited from higher minimum rents coming from commencements from the signed-not-occupied pipeline and lower credit loss. 
 Credit loss for the first quarter of 2024 was 62 basis points as compared to 92 basis points for the first quarter last year. In addition, included in the NOI increase is GAAP income of $1.1 million from the RPT acquisition related to straight line and above and below market rent amortization. 
 FFO also benefited from higher interest income of $7.4 million attributable to the higher cash balances during the quarter. We view this as a nonrecurring item and do not expect this to continue for the remainder of the year as we have significantly utilized most of our cash in the first quarter towards the closing of the RPT acquisition and debt reduction. 
 These increases were offset by greater pro rata interest expense of $14.6 million, resulting from the higher interest rate on the $646 million of bonds that were recently refinanced, lower fair market value amortization related to the form of Weingarten bonds and higher rates on the floating rate debt in our joint ventures. Our FFO for the first quarter also includes about $0.01 per share of other nonrecurring income items with a onetime benefit of $2.4 million in below-market rents from 2 tenants that vacated early and $2.5 million of other income. 
 It was a very active quarter from a balance sheet perspective, primarily resulting from the RPT acquisition, much of which was already addressed on our last earnings call. Just to briefly summarize, we issued 53 million common shares and 953,000 OP units and replaced RPT's 7.25% convertible preferred stock with a liquidation value of $92.5 million, with a new Kimco convertible preferred issuance with similar terms. 
 We also repaid RPT's $130 million revolving credit facility and their $514 million of private placement notes from cash on our balance sheet. Amended and assumed $310 million of RPT term loans, which have staggered maturities from 2026 to 2028 at a blended weighted average rate of 4.77% and issued a new $200 million term loan with a final maturity in 2029 at a fixed rate of 4.57%. 
 As previously mentioned, we monetized our remaining shares in Albertsons earlier in the quarter, receiving nearly $300 million in proceeds and recorded a $72 million tax provision on the game. At the end of the first quarter, our liquidity position remained very strong with over $2 billion of immediate availability and no remaining debt maturities for the balance of the year. 
 Our balance sheet further strengthened as the company's leverage metrics improved once again. We ended the first quarter with a consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 5.3x and on a look-through basis, including pro rata share of joint venture debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding of 5.6x. The look-through metric of 5.6x is the best level Kimco has ever achieved and an improvement from the 6.2x reported a year ago. 
 Turning to our outlook. Based on our strong first quarter results, the successful integration of the RPT acquisition and our expectations for the balance of the year we are raising our FFO per diluted share range from $1.54 to $1.58 to a new range of $1.56 to $1.60 inclusive of $0.04 per share for RPT merger costs. 
 Excluding the merger costs, this represents a 3.2% annual FFO per share growth at the midpoint of the increased guidance range over last year's results. 
 Our increased FFO per share guidance range incorporates the following updates to our full year assumptions: higher same-site NOI growth of 2.25% to 3% and from the previous level of 1.5% to 2.5% and is inclusive of the RPT assets and a credit loss assumption of 75 basis points to 100 basis points; interest income of $10 million to $12 million based on the interest income earned during the first quarter and RPT related noncash GAAP accounting income comprised of straight-line rents; and above and below fair market value rent amortization of $4 million to $5 million. 
 Our other full year FFO guidance assumptions remain intact, including our disposition range of $350 million to $450 million inclusive of the $250 million completed during the first quarter, and investment range of $300 million to $350 million weighted toward the late second half of the year. 
 I want to thank all of our associates whose incredible effort efficiently completed the integration of the RPT transaction and contributed to our strong first quarter results. And with that, we are ready to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dori Kesten of Wells Fargo. 
Dori Kesten: You left your credit loss guide unchanged, but had a relatively low Q1. Can you just remind us of your [ 10 ] exposures that are built up to the annual assumption? 
Conor Flynn: Overall, we look at just the entire portfolio when we're doing the assumptions. And again, the 75 to 100 basis point credit assumption is really back to more historic levels. And the first quarter is clearly lower at 62 basis points. But there are some potential bankruptcies potentially during the year that could impact it. And we think it's more prudent to just leave the current guidance assumption, even though we still have been able to increase the same-site NOI guidance pretty significantly. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith of UBS. 
Michael Goldsmith: On the integration of RPT, you said initial G&A synergies of $30 million to $34 million, you took it up to $34 million to $35 million. So in terms of realizing the synergies, what's driving them? What's driving the upside to your initial guidance? And where have there been positive surprises as you've started to put the plan into action? 
Conor Flynn: Sure. Thanks, Michael. Obviously, we're off to a great start with the integration. Clearly, we have a great blueprint and the muscle memory from Weingarten certainly helps. I'll have Will Teichman comment a little bit about the G&A synergies and what's helped there. 
 But on the revenue synergy side, we're obviously seeing a lot of deal flow earlier than anticipated. Just for the quarter, 10 deals were signed in the RPT portfolio at rents of $31 a foot, 36% new leasing spreads, 10.8% renewals, so for a combined 14.1%. So when you look at those numbers, it's obviously enhancing to the Kimco portfolio. 
 And the business plan was always set up where we would execute on a strategy where we could buy the portfolio at a, we believe, an attractive cap rate and a need-to-have cap rate and then selling off the lowest tranche at similar cap rates we felt like it would allow us to really retain a very high-quality, high-growth profile portfolio that with our platform could be enhanced over time. And so Will, I'd love for you to comment quickly on the G&A synergies as well. 
Will Teichman: Sure. Thanks, Conor. As Conor said, we concluded the integration of portfolio operations, systems and human capital. We did it within a matter of weeks, saving about 2 months off the time line versus our prior transaction with Weingarten. And as Conor mentioned, the playbook that we established post Weingarten has really been key to that developing an integration governance model, tools and processes that are repeatable for future transactions.
 On the expense side, as with any M&A transaction in our sector, human capital is always the most significant driver of G&A. And so speeding up the pace of integration activities avoids carrying necessary expenses during the transition period. A few drivers of note that I would call out. First, the quick execution of the 10 asset sales that Ross mentioned in his comments, allows us to hold to a more conservative staffing plan as we don't need to staff positions necessary to operate these assets. And secondly, a more rapid pace of integration allowed us to minimize the need for transitional employees over the first few months of the year. 
 Overall, our underwriting assumptions for permanent associates were on target, and we filled all of the incremental positions, solidifying our go-forward G&A expense levels to operate the portfolio. And finally, beyond staffing, one of the other noteworthy areas where we've exceeded underwriting is around professional services and subscriptions. Our IT and legal teams led an effort to quickly exit over 100 service agreements. And as a result, we're seeing faster accretion in this important area. 
David Jamieson: Thanks, Will. I also just comment that with the execution of the 10 dispositions, the grocery percentage of the RPT portfolio is up to 85.5%. So it's obviously enhancing to the Kimco portfolio as well. We even have activity on a few of the 9 remaining sites that don't have grocery anchors to potentially convert those to grocery anchors as well. So Will, do you want to comment a little bit on ancillary income as well? 
Will Teichman: Sure. With respect to ancillary income, it's one of the areas where, as a company, we've been working to build out a national specialty leasing team that's exclusively dedicated to this important area. That's not the case with all of our peers, and it wasn't the case with RPT where they had only recently established a focus around ancillary revenues. 
 We have a 10-year track record in this area, and as Conor referenced in his remarks, we started off the year with double-digit growth relative to first quarter of 2023 in terms of RPT's performance in this area. And it really comes through a variety of different strategies. We track probably over a dozen different ancillary revenue income streams. And it's a combination of strategies that we have employed across our portfolio to monetize common areas, as well as tactics to monetize and lease-up on a temporary basis, vacant in line space. 
 And knowing that the vacancy is a little bit higher in the RPT portfolio provides some near-term upside for us in terms of temporary leasing. 
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. 
Alexander Goldfarb: So Connor, clearly, RPT, it sounds like whether very conservative or sandbagging, you guys were pretty cautious on how you underwrote it. It sounds like there's a lot of operational synergies on the cost side, but maybe you could just outline a bit more on the NOI side, what the upside is. 
 And it sounds like there's -- I don't know if it's 50 basis points or 100 basis points better on the yield, but just sort of a magnitude of this sort of NOI performance that you're seeing out of it in addition to what you're seeing on the cost savings and synergy side? 
Conor Flynn: Sure. Happy to, Alex. And again, I gave you some stats there on the RPT portfolio. But we gave ourselves, I think, a nice runway to execute and we've obviously been ahead of that assumption. So for the first year, we had -- we thought there would be a ramp-up in terms of leasing, and they thought there might be, again, a transition period where we wouldn't have similar Kimco velocity on the RPT portfolio. 
 And that just hasn't been the case. We've been able to transition very quickly. We've been able to lease up a lot of space relatively quickly and retain tenants at higher rents as well. So the original underwriting had a 6- to 12-month period of ramp transition to Kimco and we've been able to exceed the leasing velocity on that. 
 And there's some hidden gems as well that we didn't originally anticipate uncovering. So a lot of those deals that we're working on, like I mentioned on transitioning some of these assets to grocery-anchored assets take time, but we're ahead of anticipation on that as well. 
David Jamieson: Yes. I'd also mention when we took over the portfolio, there is always a risk in transition, especially on the construction side when you hand off projects from one company to the other. And despite the handoff period, these projects still need to get done. There's still targets that need to be met. There's still lease obligations to fulfill. 
 And as a result of that, from day 1 and really prior to the transaction, we were preparing for that, and that enabled us to meet and exceed some of this new pipeline compression as well that we saw this quarter with RPT and able to get some key tenants open very early in the year that will now benefit from through the balance of the year. 
 So obviously, in our SNO, we saw some good comprising about 20 basis points, but we saw more compression on the RPT side just because a few big anchors actually opened in the beginning part of the year. So again, hats off to everyone. It's not easy sometimes. We never want to take it for granted on the integration side. But really, team is laser-focused not only doing that, but then also executing just fundamentals in the core business with Kimco to make sure we had an outstanding quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Floris Van Dijkum of Compass Point. 
Floris Gerbrand van Dijkum: Nice positive results, I guess. A couple of questions, but I guess I'm going to focus my question to Ross. I know you mentioned, Ross, that the cap rates for grocery-anchored are pretty tight in particular. 
 As you think about deploying capital going forward, can you maybe talk a little bit on your views on lifestyle centers? And why wouldn't you pivot more -- why would not -- why wouldn't Kimco pivot more towards lifestyle acquisitions or are you wedded to acquiring and increasing your percentage of grocery anchored in your holdings? 
Ross Cooper: Yes. Thanks, Floris. It's a good question. I think one of the benefits when you look at Kimco is that we do own and have operational expertise in sort of all formats of open-air retail. We do love the grocery-anchored and with lifestyle as well. many of those assets have a grocery component that you get the benefit of. 
 When you look at the acquisition that we made last year with Stonebridge, that's a prime example of a dominant Wegmans-anchored center that's had a lifestyle component, and based upon the size, we were able to buy that at a high cap rate north of 7% because the deal size was a bit larger and because of the operational expertise that it requires to manage and operate those assets is a more limited buyer pool that we think gives us a differentiation. 
 So we're absolutely looking at those types of assets in this environment because of how tight cap rates are on neighborhood grocery anchor, the unanchored strip center segment, you've heard a lot about. There's a lot of capital flowing into that. You've seen cap rates continue to compress on that product type. 
 We believe that our differentiation is utilizing our platform for more complex and sometimes more difficult operational assets that we can create value that we don't believe others can. And that doesn't mean that we're not going to continue to pursue more neighborhood grocery-anchored opportunities when the pricing aligns with our cost of capital. But where we are today in the cycle, that's just what we're focusing on. 
 And the other component is, of course, our relationship with our joint venture partners that we can continue to look at opportunities alongside to help enhance our yield, utilizing the platform with the joint venture. So it's certainly something that we continue to look at. And as the market continues to evolve, we'll deploy our capital the best way possible. 
Conor Flynn: Floris, the only thing I would add to that is you've seen for a while the lines are blurring across all different retail formats. And what I mean by that is really the merchandising mix. And so you've seen sort of the best-in-class mall tenants gravitate towards open-air shopping centers. 
 You've seen certain lifestyle centered retailers gravitate towards all formats of open air centers. And so I think with our operating team, we really focused on, again, enhancing the Rolodex we have. And so looking across all the different formats, they are starting to look similar to one another and making sure that we have the Rolodex across all those formats have been so critical to our success. 
 And I think that's what we do well is look at how do we go about extracting the most value having enhancing the merchandising mix by utilizing that Rolodex across all different formats. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. 
Juan Sanabria: Just wanted to switch tack here. in terms of the Q&A. Just wanted to get your strategic views or sense of the pharmacy and kind of health and wellness business trends and credit there, just we've had Rite Aid, BK, Walgreens is shrinking and Walmart is now pulling out. So just curious on how you see the space evolving and how you're positioning the company just to deal with the changing landscape. 
David Jamieson: Sure. I think each of those have their own story. And as we know with Rite Aid and having to settle a lawsuit was a big disruptor for them, but it's no secret. Obviously, there is disruption, and I think a shifting landscape in the pharmacy business and how it services the customer. 
 That said, health and wellness, I think, is more at the forefront now than it ever has been with consumers, both in how they maintain themselves with fitness, mind and body really been a focus. Food, what they're eating, how they're eating, what they're consuming. You're seeing a lot of innovation and creativity in the F&B world, new concepts, Cava just went public. 
 No too long ago, seeing good growth and expansion there. You're seeing some more of the traditional format F&B QSR concept evolve their menus to accommodate the new consumer case. And then you do see continued opportunity with the Med Spa concepts, urgent care and the services business is related to the customer and then to what fits well in the open-air sector. That said, individual businesses have different business models, individual businesses, the opportunities while others see some disruption. 
 But I think you have to look at it more holistically where is the macro trend going? I think it's still very much supports it. But again, trends are cyclical, and there's always moments of disruption. And obviously, that also creates opportunities for newcomers and other entrants to evolve their business to capitalize on that. 
Conor Flynn: Juan, I think from a merchandising mix standpoint, the pharmacy has evolved almost like become a mini mart in so many ways. So when you go into a pharmacy, the script business is always in the back and then you walk through all the aisles of higher-margin items. And I think what happened there is the script business got disrupted and then their pricing on the, call it, traditional grocery items, were elevated versus other options that the consumer had. 
 And so clearly, they're going through a transition period of having Amazon and others come into the prescription business and then what the front of the house looks like. 
 So the good news from the real estate point of view is typically those deals were done on ground leases, and were done pads or positions up in front of the shopping center that are highly valuable. So I think we have the ability to recapture some of those with drive-throughs, repurpose and actually get a significant mark-to-market on spaces that we get back. It's probably unlikely we'll see a lot of them coming back to us because they typically are the most valuable pieces of real estate in the shopping center, but it is one that I think we have the opportunity to reset if we do get our hands on a few of them. 
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore ISI. 
Samir Khanal: Conor, just looking at the shop occupancy for the RPT portfolio, I think sequentially, was down 40 basis points here. Is there something to read into that, considering that we've seen sort of sequential increases for a while now? Or is that sort of you being more proactive as you sort of de-lease space for greater opportunities? 
Conor Flynn: That was the upside of the deal for us. We actually think that, that's really sort of the juice to be squeezed because we see the small shop momentum continuing. If you look at the Kimco portfolio and the sequential gain we had there, and some of the -- obviously, the leasing we had on the RPT portfolio out of the gates was way ahead of our anticipation.
 So clearly, when we look at the upside of the deal, there's going to be a lot of momentum on the leasing side on the small shops because some of those shopping centers that have lower small shop occupancy are actually where we're building out anchor spaces. And so for example, in Florida, we've got a Publix under construction, a Trader Joe's under construction and a lot of those small shops are baked-in because there's no anchor there yet. We know the momentum of having those types of grocers open are going to be significant to the leasing momentum. So it gives us a lot of cautious optimism that we're in the right spot. The business model is working well. We can continue to focus on executing and building out those spaces efficiently and then lease up the surrounding spaces. so far, so good in terms of the integration. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I would just add that when we acquired RPT, their small shop occupancy was over 200 basis points lower than ours. So when you blended it all together, again, because it's obviously a much smaller portfolio, the impact at the end is only about 40 basis points. 
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. 
Haendel St. Juste: I wanted to follow up, Ross, on some comments you made about the transaction market, the challenge of redeploying capital into dispositions from the dispositions here. Can you talk a bit about the range of cap rates you're seeing out there for the quality you want to buy versus what you need to see to be more active? 
 And maybe why do you think cap rates will move higher in the back of half the year or perhaps seeing more opportunity, trying to get a better understanding of why you're not getting more active now and if the JV capital could play a role as well. 
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yes. I mean the JV capital can certainly play a role. But to answer your question, we're fortunate that we have a variety of ways to put out capital. So the acquisition, the core acquisitions, we continue to be very disciplined. You saw last year a very modest amount of traditional core acquisitions because when the market is not where our cost of capital is, we stay patient, we lean into structured, we lean into leasing, we're leaning to redevelopments, and we have other ways to place capital. 
 So today, as I mentioned, the core kind of neighborhood, grocery-anchored shopping centers are in that plus or minus 6 cap range. With where we are today, that doesn't necessarily fit for us. But our hope is that, that changes either with our cost of capital being more aggressive as the year progresses or a little bit of a softening in the pricing depending on macro conditions. 
 You've seen one of our peers out in the market with a substantial amount of, call it, more commodity power. Those are still trading in the 7% to 7.5% upper 7% cap range. So there's clearly capital that's chasing those assets. We're not really focused on commodity power today that doesn't have the growth profile that we're looking for. to Floris' earlier question, you've seen some sort of lifestyle type assets. Those are, as Conor mentioned, really lending into a lot of the other categories. So it is a bit of a hybrid, depending on whether there's a grocery component, what type of shop space you have. So the pricing levels there and the cap rates really range pretty significantly. 
 Where we see opportunity for us, again, I'll reference the Stonebridge assets that we acquired last year. Some of the larger check sizes really eliminates a significant amount of the bidder pool. We can utilize our platform to be a bit more aggressive on those types of assets, but still maintain yields that are attractive to us. 
 And the CAGR on the deal, that the growth rate is really critical to us. That's not simply just the going-in cap rate, but where can we actually utilize our team to move that cash flow and increase it. So that's something that we're very focused on. If we don't believe that we can do that, it doesn't really matter what the going-n cap rate is we're not going to acquire it. 
 So as I mentioned in the remarks, the structured investment program is one that we continue to field a lot of questions, conversations, interest level. I think there's going to be a bit more activity there. Where we can participate in assets that perhaps have a broken capital stack, but not broken real estate, we like those opportunities, and we think there's going to be more of it. So on a blend, we're still confident that we're going to be able to put out capital at accretive rates even if the core acquisition opportunities remain pretty tight. 
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Mailman of Citi. 
Craig Mailman: I just want to go back to kind of the small shop commentary, maybe ask a quick 2-parter here. But you clearly have some good commentary around the progress at the RPT assets. I'm just kind of curious, as you'd mentioned some grocery anchors coming on and maybe timing-wise, is helping. 
 But how much is just your kind of probably broader tenant relationship an asset there versus just the overall kind of pace of the market? 
 And also, just in general, kind of what small shop -- has there been any change in kind of mix of activity among small shop tenants that are looking to take space. 
David Jamieson: Yes, great question. So with -- obviously, the broader market is doing quite well. But for us specifically, we've launched a variety of programs to really activate our small shop effort and to drive demand and drive demand into our portfolio. 
 We've launched a national account management program that's really piloting and targeting those fast-expanding retailers, F&B operators that are looking to hit open air and we make regular stops and visits with those retail tenants showcasing the opportunities within the portfolio, really have a considered effort to try to grow market share with those individual retailers. 
 We sit with franchisors. We do seminars with them to help introduce Kimco to the franchisees within that concept so they understand what they can do and what they get when partnering with Kimco and all the services that we can provide as a best-in-class landlord operator and partner to them. 
 We develop form leases to help make the experience as seamless as possible when engaging with Kimco. So then the operator themselves can really focus on developing and delivering the business. And I think what we saw through COVID was the interview with the landlord is almost as important as the interview with the tenant, especially when the market is constantly changing. You need to make the critical investments into the site to make sure you're building the best mousetrap evolving with the local community and providing those essential services to allow the small shop operators to survive and thrive. And I think that's been acknowledged and represented in some of the activity that we see as well. 
 In terms of uses, you continue to see growth in the F&B. I mentioned, Cava and others earlier in the call. You're also seeing a continued growth in dollar store concepts, DAISO was one that was really on a growth path. I wouldn't say they're necessarily a small shop, but they are taking and combining some spaces, creating new opportunities there, so. But holistically, we're seeing in personal care services. So within the individual retail verticals, it's pretty broad reaching. 
Operator: The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs. 
Caitlin Burrows: Occupancy's on the rise and same-store -- sorry, not same-store, the SNO pipeline is still pretty wide. But I guess, looking forward, it looks like you leased 4 million square feet of space in the first quarter, but that's down from 1Q '23 and 1Q '22 despite now having a larger portfolio. So wondering if you can talk about what's driving that leasing volume lower? Realize it could be for a number of reasons. 
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean, right now, it's obviously -- our occupancy is also at 96% or all-time high 96.4%. So you're obviously looking at the opportunity set does change as well with that. As it relates to the volume, it's still pretty much in line with prior years, and it's also Q1. 
 And timing of deal execution can vary throughout the cycle quarter-to-quarter. And I wouldn't say there's any slowdown in the deal velocity nor the interest in space. We're seeing actually interest in space and some of our longer-term vacancies now, which is really interesting to see. And the continued conversation that we have with the retailers about where is the next set of inventory come from, they're continuing to try to hit there and find their opportunities to hit their market share targets, their store opening targets. 
 And we're not just looking at current year, but obviously, 2 years out on the rollover schedule. So we're very encouraged by what we've been seeing in the market and it's pretty far reaching in terms of geography. It's really not isolated to any one particular market. Obviously, Florida and the Southeast has seen its fair share growth over the last several years. That continues, but you're seeing really across the board activity, which is very encouraging. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg McGinniss of Deutsche Bank (sic) [ Scotiabank ]. 
Greg McGinniss: Sorry, a little thrown by the bank there. Looking at the guidance update, it's just under $0.02 from interest income, non-GAAP income and around $0.015 from higher same-store NOI growth, at least based on our math. What are the offsetting factors on the $0.02 guidance range. Is that just earlier dispositions than initial plan? Or any color would be appreciated there. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, again, it was a very strong quarter. There is, as I mentioned, just under $0.01 of I'll call nonrecurring or onetime things that are in there. But the balance of the year is shaping up very well. So we increased the guidance by the $0.02 that we saw so far and feel good that we're in good shape to reach towards the upper end of that range. 
Greg McGinniss: Okay. And then on the 10 RPT dispositions, how important was providing the seller mortgage financing on those transactions to getting them done at the 8.5% cap rate? I mean if the buyer had to go elsewhere for financing, where do you think those cap rates might have trended? 
Ross Cooper: Yes. I mean I really don't think that it impacted the pricing or the execution at all to be completely transparent. That was a structure that we were excited about and pushing on to the buyer because we really wanted to retain a slice of those assets at yields that are really attractive for us. 
 So as it relates to the transaction itself, at the risk of repeating a little bit of what Conor said, we really tried to telegraph early on what our strategy was on the company and on the acquisition. And we were buying into a great portfolio at a mid-8 cap where we acknowledge that there was a tail in the portfolio. And we're really excited that we were able to sell that sale at the same cap rates that we bought the whole company. 
 So with what we're left with, Miami, Boston, Atlanta, Austin, Denver, Nashville, just to name a few at the same blended cap rate that we went into the company and the acquisition. So we feel really good about that. We feel good about the execution on that deal. And we think that it was a win-win for us and the buyer on those 10 assets. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan. 
Michael Mueller: I guess looking at the full year planned dispositions, it looks like another maybe $100 million to $200 million and those, I guess, the guided to cap rates look to still be in the mid-8s. Just curious what's making up that remaining disposition bucket? 
Ross Cooper: Sure. We frankly don't have anything specifically identified for that. We've executed, as we talked about on the 10 that we really wanted to get done, and we got done with it quickly. So on a go-forward basis, our goal is really to improve the quality portfolio and the growth profile. And frankly, it doesn't matter if that's a Kimco legacy asset, RPT, Weingarten JV, wholly owned. 
 Our job is to identify those assets that have some movement in the direction that is not in line with where we're trying to go with the portfolio and remove them before they do so. So these assets are very dynamic and changing at all times. The vast majority of our portfolio continues to improve, and we're able to add value. And then occasionally, there's an asset here or there that doesn't fit that profile that we look to prune. So we really are back to just the normal course pruning of the portfolio, again, regardless of when we bought it or where it came from and we'll selectively identify those, but we do expect that we would be on the lower end of the range. 
 Anything that we do look to sell going forward, while the cap rate range on the overall blend remain the same in our guide, we wouldn't anticipate selling anything that is not at the low end or below that end of the range. There may be a couple of joint venture assets that end up going into the market and those would be at much tighter cap rates in that range. So we kept the range intact just because we don't know what exactly that portfolio looks like, but we do know that going forward, anything that we sell would be below that range going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Powell from Barclays. 
Anthony Powell: You mentioned you saw a lower, I guess, landlord expenses than you expected and we noticed that, too. Maybe talk about what drove those lower and your opportunity to continue to control expenses going forward. 
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean, our team has done an exceptional job just really looking at every expense line item and finding opportunities to either do it more efficiently, find ways to save and just make adjustments in terms of our operating strategy. And so I have to commend the team and just really digging deep line by line and really finding a better way to manage the business and manage the sites locally. As a result of that, that helped drive our expenses down for the quarter. 
 There is some seasonality there, too, just in terms of timing of when things actually hit and in our book. But in general, that was sort of the broad effort that occurred. 
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Golladay of Baird. 
Wesley Golladay: I'm just looking at the presentation, and you have about 6,500 multifamily units entitled. Do you have any interest in starting developments this year to deliver to the -- like a low supply market a few years from now? 
Conor Flynn: It's a good question, Wes. I mean, we've always looked at optionality as being a benefit to us on the entitlement program. We do believe that future value creation is embedded in our portfolio. Unlocking that is a good way to sort of set up different levers for growth when supply and demand and cost of capital is in your favor.
 It's hard to see sort of putting a shovel on the ground today, making a ton of sense where our cost of capital is. So what we've elected to do, as you've seen in the supp is contribute entitled land into a joint venture as our capital and then put in preferred equity that has a higher yielding return on it. That being said, we do like the ground lease approach where we have no capital outlay and a multifamily developer can come in and develop the entitlements and we retain the ownership of the fee position. 
 So we have a number of different ways to do it without having a significant amount of capital going out that's not returning anything day 1. And we'll continue to take that approach being very selective and understanding that. We've also monetized entitlements where we don't see fit in terms of developing it ourselves like office entitlements. 
 So there's a number of different ways we can look at it and every single asset is its own analysis. And so we try and take it 1 by 1 and identify what's the best way forward for that asset. 
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai of Jefferies. 
Linda Yu Tsai: As you look at the SNO pipeline, you have good lease-up opportunity you had still. Do you expect the SNO pipeline to be higher or lower by year-end versus now? 
David Jamieson: Yes. Good question. Obviously, this quarter, we did compress at 20 basis points. We also absorbed the RPT portfolio. We compressed that pipeline actually significantly. As I mentioned earlier in the call, a couple of big deals started to cash flow in Q1, which was driving that benefit there. 
 That said, we do continue to see upside on the continued lease-up. I mentioned earlier that we're seeing opportunities on some vacancies that have been baked in a little bit longer than others now and as well as sort of the Tier 1 inventory that we have that continues to get absorbed. 
 So when you roll it all together, and I would anticipate that our SNO pipeline will remain slightly elevated as a result of the continued lease-up activity. But when you look at what we're contributing in terms of new cash flows, we obviously had about just over $2 million contributed in Q1 from new openings, about 150-plus leases that commenced from there. They'll contribute about $15 million in total for the balance of the year. 
 And then in addition to that, we're targeting around $25 million to $30 million to be contributors for the balance -- in totality for this entire year. So we're starting to see those benefits, as you saw with our Q1 results that it is contributing to the bottom line but we continue to see opportunities in the lease-up side. So that's why I think it probably will remain a little bit elevated for the short term. 
Conor Flynn: Linda, a lot of it is event driven as well. So when you get a number of spaces back at once, and then you have a lot of leasing activity backfill those, you can elevate the SNO pipeline. But if you don't have an event that gives you back a lot of space that you can release quickly, it should compress. 
 So with the JOANN bankruptcy coming out of bankruptcy and emerging with no leases rejected, no boxes coming back sort of showcasing that, and even they said it's about market share and they wouldn't want to give any end of the spaces back because they would lose market share. It showcases the supply and demand dynamic that we're experiencing today where with no new development going on in our sector and demand being so robust, the existing leases are worth more than they have been in a very long time. 
 And so when you see that, there's unlikely going to be a slew of boxes coming back at the same time that would then cause a spike in the SNO pipeline. It's going to be more blocking and tackling, filling up the small shops that we have left to go and filling up the remaining vacancies on the anchor side, which we have good activity on. 
Linda Yu Tsai: And I think you mentioned...
 [Audio Gap] 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. 
Ronald Kamdem: Just a quick 2-parter for you guys. So on the same-store NOI guide raise, is it fair to say that it's basically earlier commencements that drove the upside? And what is driving sort of the expected deceleration in the rest of the year, is part 1? And then part 2, on the acquisition guidance, just how much of that is identified already versus speculative? 
Glenn Cohen: Sure. So as it looks to the rest of the year, we're still comping against some of the Bed, Baths in the second quarter. So that's going to have some impact as we go there. The guide increase really is we have further commencements that came online quicker, as Dave alluded to. 
 And again, the credit loss has been performing very well so far. So again, we are more comfortable towards the lower end of the range. So that's really what's built into the guide. 
Ross Cooper: And related to your acquisition question, we're always hesitant to talk about deals before they're really firmed up and closed. But what I can tell you is on the core acquisitions, we do not have anything under contract today. 
 We are pursuing a few opportunities that we hope will move ahead, but stay tuned on that. And as it relates to structured investments by nature, those deals are really driven by other parties, whether it be buyers, sellers, owners, senior lenders. So those deals are always a little bit fluid until the very end of the process. 
 But as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing a lot of demand for our capital and having some really dynamic conversations with owners and buyers that are looking for us to help secure a piece of the capital stack in those deals. So we're pretty confident that there's going to be some more activity there as the year progresses. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tayo Okusanya of Deutsche Bank. 
Omotayo Okusanya: I wanted to go back to Wes' question, but rather I talk about multifamily, talk a little bit more about just the retail redevelopment. You do have in your supp, a fairly expansive list of potential new retailers you could start. I'm just kind of curious about potentially starting those up, just kind of given the overall development pipeline, is probably not as large as some of your peers, but everyone is getting really good yields on that. 
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean we always look at it as opportunistic in nature. Those are entitlements that we have in our back pocket that we can pull off the shelf when the timing is right. And honestly, when we look at all of our use-of-fund opportunities and determining where the best use of capital is at any given point in time. 
 So we look at it holistically. And that's how we've always approached the multifamily entitlement program. We selectively activate them. As you know, we have a couple underway right now. But just going to be very prudent on when we activate the next tranche. We're seeing great returns right now on retail repositioning, retail redevelopment. That's the core. 
 You're seeing double-digit yields on those investments. And then obviously, leasing, when you look at the elevated activity on the leasing side, it's the best use of our capital. And if we can continue to do that and drive high returns and yields for the investor base, we continue to do that all day long. So for us, it's just another tool in the toolkit, and we'll activate it when timing is appropriate and the market cycle makes sense. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paulina Rojas of Green Street. 
Paulina Rojas Schmidt: You talked about tight pricing in the transaction market for certain assets. And I'm thinking more about geographies. Are there any markets or regions standing out for being less crowded, but that, in your opinion, could offer some opportunities? And I'm basically thinking that regions such as the Southeast being so hard. 
 I wonder if that is opening opportunities somewhere else, even in markets that traditionally have not been sought after by most investors even the Midwest, for example. 
Ross Cooper: Yes, it's a good question. And we always do look at new markets that might make sense for us. As you know, San Antonio is a relatively new market for us that we continue to lean into. Nashville is a market that we really weren't in before that we have acquired a few assets via the RPT transaction. So we're open-minded as it relates to new markets. even in the Midwest, which over the last decade, you've seen a lot of institutional capital sort of outflowing. 
 You are seeing more demand in some of those markets and pricing that is getting tighter and where it's been compared to some other markets. So we really have the benefit of our geographic diversity that we can look for opportunities really anywhere in the country where we have boots on the ground and we have conviction. 
 So we're keeping an open mind for those markets. We have our structured investment program, which also allows us to be a little bit more creative and opportunistic as opposed to just core acquisitions. So -- we'll continue to keep our eyes open. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Spector of Bank of America. 
Jeffrey Spector: Maybe let's turn back to the transaction market. Ross, you said at the top of the call, just given what's happening with the Fed view on rates, there's a dampening in the transaction market. Has anything changed, let's say, in the last couple of weeks? And maybe you could touch on the structured investment pipeline. 
Ross Cooper: Yes. I don't know that I would identify the last few weeks, just any different than sort of the volatility that we've seen in the first 4 months of the year. There was a lot of hope going into the year that there would be some more stability. 
 And really, we can live and there can be a market that's efficient in a higher interest rate environment, but there just needs to be some stability there. So with the uncertainty, it just makes it very difficult for any investor that is looking for financing because there is a lag time between when you shake hands on a deal and when you actually go in and operate or close on that loan and the buyer and the seller expectations oftentimes change accordingly. 
 So the hope is that there's a little bit more stability to that. And then on a go-forward basis, we can see the transactions start to increase over the back half of the year. And I think that, that will happen, but there's still just a lot of unknowns at the moment. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Just a quick follow-up on the heels of Linda Tsai's question. Do you think that we're being lulled into complacency on the strength of the retail market, the fact that JOANN basically had no downtime. Bed, Bath was almost a nonissue. 
 Just curious if you think that we're being lulled into complacency or for the next few years, you see this low-credit, high-demand environment enduring it's certainly quite a contrast to what we're used to pre-pandemic? 
Conor Flynn: A lot of it, Alex, I think, ties back to supply and demand. I mean if you look at the lack of new supply for the last decade plus, and then the evolution of the omnichannel approach by retailers and how important the last mile is with their store located close to where people live, work and play, I think that model has won out. 
 You've seen an exit of a lot of pure-play e-commerce players, especially in the grocery business. And you've seen a lot of the pure play e-commerce players, the larger ones lean into their stores now that they have to utilize them as distribution fulfillment and an in-store experience. 
 So I think that combination is really what is leading to a resurgence of the importance of the brick-and-mortar world and the integration of the e-commerce platform has been a big boost. Whereas at one point, it was David versus Goliath that it was going to be -- one was going to win and one was going to lose where now it's obviously the combination is the winning model that everybody is following. 
 So all those ingredients, I think, lead to the environment that we're in today. Lulled, I think, is not the right word. I think we're in a situation where higher rates have impacted all of commercial real estate. And so I think when you get through this noise and stabilization period of where rates may settle out, there's going to be, I think, a differentiation in sectors of really who has pricing power, who is able to outgrow interest expense. 
 And I think there's only going to be certain categories that are going to be able to do that, and I think we're in the right one. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bujnicki for any closing remarks. 
David Bujnicki: I'd just like to thank everybody for joining today's call. We look forward to seeing a number of you at the upcoming NAREIT conference in June. Please enjoy the rest of your week. Thank you. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Kimco Realty's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David F. Bujnicki, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco's quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; and Dave Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our quarterly supplemental financial information on the Kimco Investor Relations website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us. I will lead off today with a summary of our stellar Q4 leasing results and then provide some strategic updates on our completed RPT acquisition. Ross will follow with an update on the transaction market, recent activity and plans for 2024. Glenn will then cover our financial metrics and provide 2024 guidance. We concluded 2023 on a high note with record-setting leasing activity and a deeper, broader and more resilient tenant base for our grocery-anchored and mixed-use portfolio. We've built on this positive momentum kicking off 2024 by closing our acquisition of RPT on the first business day of the year. I will provide additional perspective on RPT shortly. Let's start with our leasing accomplishments. For the quarter, overall occupancy finished up 70 basis points on a sequential basis to 96.2% on a pro rata basis. Importantly, the 70 basis point gain is our highest quarter-over-quarter uptick in occupancy going back more than 15 years. Our year-over-year overall occupancy increased 50 basis points. Anchor occupancy grew a record 80 basis points sequentially to 98% and finished flat year-over-year. Smaller shop occupancy was up 60 basis points to 91.7%, surpassing our previous record high of 91.1% and ended up 170 basis points year-over-year. We signed over 1 million square feet of new lease GLA in the fourth quarter, the highest quarterly level in over 10 years. We also maintained our strong pricing power as the spread on new leases was 24%, marking our ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit leasing spreads. Our retention levels were equally strong as we signed 321 renewals and options totaling 1.7 million square feet, surpassing our 5-year fourth quarter historical average. The fourth quarter renewal and option combined spread was 7.8%, with renewals ending at 8.5% and options at 7%. Overall, fourth quarter leasing volume totaled 480 deals for 2.7 million square feet with a combined spread of 11.2%, a phenomenal effort and a tremendous team accomplishment. I'd be remiss to mention that what makes our leasing efforts in 2023 more impressive is that we've absorbed the vast majority of our Bed Bath & Beyond spaces at spreads that far exceeded our initial expectations. Just to recap, we started 2023 with 29 Bed Bath & Beyond locations, representing approximately 70 basis points of pro rata ABR exposure. During the year, we resolved 21 leases with a combined pro rata spread of 43%. Of those 21 leases, 4 were signed in the fourth quarter at a combined spread of 57%, demonstrating the strong demand that remains for these high-quality locations. This includes our remaining 8 boxes which we're confident that will resolve as we move through the year and believe that our strong overall leasing success in 2023 will continue into 2024. Looking ahead, with the RPT deal closed, we are excited about our new team members who are fully engaged and seeking to add further value to the Kimco platform. Integration of the new portfolio is well underway and we expect it to have a positive impact on our overall strategic plan throughout the year. Over time, we expect to benefit from the upside in the RPT portfolio as we mark-to-market leases and take advantage of the supply constrained environment using our best-in-class platform to raise occupancy levels. Glenn will provide additional color on the financing of the transaction and how it has positively impacted our balance sheet. We also see redevelopment and mixed-use opportunities in the RPT portfolio that will complement our existing pipeline and further contribute to our long-term growth. One particular example of incremental value that can be created through redevelopment is Mary Brickell Village, a one-of-a-kind mixed-use property located in Miami. As we look to the future on an asset such as this, we believe there's a lot of upside and opportunity to use our platform to unlock meaningful long-term value and expand Kimco's Signature Series portfolio. Ross will discuss our 2024 transaction strategy in more detail. But I did want to highlight our plans to recycle lower growth centers, especially those with high CapEx loads and lower-than-acceptable returns. These anticipated dispositions have already been incorporated into our model and strategic plan which is further supported by improvements in both the transaction and financing markets since we first announced the RPT transaction in the third quarter of 2023. We believe we are well positioned for 2024 with significant opportunities for both organic and targeted external growth. Our pipeline of leases that have been signed but not yet open shows strength in the quality of our portfolio and visible cash flow growth. Additionally, history has shown that our platform is ideally suited to take advantage of market dislocations and generate growth. In the end, we pride ourselves as being one of the most efficient operators and are laser-focused on driving total shareholder return. That said, despite improved conditions, the macroeconomic environment remains temperamental. Inflation, interest rates, employment, credit card delinquencies and the election cycle all have the potential to impact our sector over the course of the year and beyond and that is why underlying our overall strategy is an emphasis on building a portfolio that is both resilient and able to generate steady and reliable growth. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor and good morning, all. I'd like to quickly reflect on 2023 before sharing some perspective on the year ahead. As Conor noted, the leasing environment for our asset class was very positive in 2023 but volatility in the capital markets significantly muted transaction activity. Through the first 3 quarters of '23, underwriting was difficult and lender financing was inconsistent at best. That said, Kimco successfully turned the sluggish environment into opportunity. Using our advantageous liquidity position and balance sheet, we were able to acquire several joint venture partnership interests, a new signature series asset in Stonebridge at Potomac Town Center and an exciting portfolio via the acquisition of RPT Realty. In our view, these were timely deals that would price more aggressively in the current market. In the fourth quarter, sentiment began to improve with the 10-year treasury dropping more than 100 basis points and currently hovering in the 4% range. This created renewed optimism, a more vibrant financing market, additional deal flow before year-end and a further increase in activity at the start of 2024. We were able to take advantage of the more positive environment, selling 3 challenged joint venture sites in our portfolio in December. We also provided mezzanine financing for a new partner before year-end and now anticipate potentially pursuing additional structured investments with the same group. Turning to 2024; we are confident that the healthy fundamentals in open-air retail, coupled with a more favorable macroeconomic backdrop will present opportunities that we can leverage to enhance our performance and success. We will continue to primarily focus on sourcing off-market and core grocery-anchored shopping centers that become available. On the structured investment side, we expect additional investment opportunity for preferred equity and mezzanine financing for high-quality real estate. The stabilizing of interest rates and improvements in the capital markets should lead to more opportunities stemming from acquisition financing of new deals and debt paydowns on maturing loans. We continue to maintain a disciplined approach with these investments and as such, we expect them to be bespoke investments with unique attributes. On the RPT dispositions, as previously indicated, there are a select group of assets that do not align with Kimco's long-term geographic and/or growth targets. We have initiated the strategic process of trimming these properties from our portfolio and we are confident that we will successfully execute on this plan, predominantly in the first half of the year. To provide a bit more context, we aim to sell between $250 million to $350 million of former RPT centers at a blended low to mid-8% cap rate in that timeframe. It's worth noting that the blended cap rate of the RPT properties being sold matches the cap rate for which we acquired the entire company, further cementing our belief that RPT is and will continue to be an extremely successful acquisition for Kimco. In 2024, we have already closed on our first RPT disposition in Carmel, Indiana, within this cap rate range. As part of the disposition structure, we retained a piece of the capital stack in the form of mezzanine financing. This not only helps to ensure a successful transaction but also presents an opportunity for Kimco to earn an attractive yield at a safe basis in a passive structure while focusing our team's efforts on our core properties and markets. You will likely see us structure additional transactions in a similar manner. And to be clear, this is factored into the 2024 guidance that we've provided this morning. We are excited about the prospects for 2024 and look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress. Now off to Glenn for the financial results and full year outlook.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross and good morning. We finished 2023 with solid fourth quarter results, highlighted by very strong leasing activity, increased occupancy and improved positive same-site growth. In addition, we bolstered our liquidity position ahead of our upcoming 2024 maturities and the closing of the RPT transaction. Now for some details on our fourth quarter results, the financing of the RPT transaction and our 2024 outlook. FFO for the fourth quarter was $239.4 million or $0.39 per diluted share. This compares favorably to last year's fourth quarter FFO of $234.9 million or $0.38 per diluted share. The primary driver of the increase was higher pro rata NOI of $10 million generated by a high-quality operating portfolio. Our pro rata interest expense was up $8 million, resulting from the issuance of a $500 million unsecured bond to prefund our upcoming '24 maturities. We invested the proceeds in short-term money market-type funds earning $7 million of interest income which mitigated a large portion of the dilution. In addition, during the fourth quarter, we incurred $1 million of merger-related expenses for the RPT transaction. Our operating portfolio continues to deliver positive results. Same-site NOI growth was positive 3.2%. And if we exclude our redevelopment sites, would have been 3.5%. For the full year 2023, same-site NOI was positive 2.4%, exceeding the top end of our same-site NOI range of 2.25%. Higher minimum rent was the primary driver of the growth. As a result of our strong leasing production, the spread between leased occupancy and economic occupancy grew to 350 basis points, an increase of 30 basis points sequentially and represents $57 million in future annual base rent. We anticipate approximately 70% of this rent to commence during 2024 providing approximately $15 million to $20 million. Turning to the balance sheet; we ended the fourth quarter with consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA of 5.6x. And on a look-through basis, including pro rata JV debt and preferred stock outstanding of 6x, maintaining the favorable end of our target range for this metric. As mentioned previously, at the beginning of the fourth quarter, we issued a new 6.4% $500 million unsecured bond which matures in 2034. This issuance addressed our 2024 bond maturities comprised of $246 million at 4.45% with an effective interest rate of 1.1% which was repaid on January 15, 2024 and $400 million at 2.7% due March 1, 2024. Our year-end liquidity position remained very strong, comprised of over $780 million of cash and the full availability of our $2 billion revolving credit facility. Subsequent to year-end, we monetized our remaining 14.2 million shares of Albertsons, receiving nearly $300 million in proceeds. We will record a $75 million tax provision on the gain in the first quarter which will enable us to retain $224 million for future investments and debt reduction. Similar to last year, our shareholders will be eligible for a pro rata credit of the federal income tax Kimco will pay. Now for some details of the financing for the $2.2 billion RPT transaction. We issued 53 million common shares to the RPT shareholders and an additional 953,000 OP units for an aggregate value of $1.2 billion. We also converted each share of RPT's 7.25% convertible preferred shares into newly issued depositary shares representing 1/1,000th of a share of Kimco 7.25% class and convertible preferred stock. The class and convertible preferred stock has a liquidation preference of 92.5 million and is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Each 7.25% class and depositary share is currently convertible into 2.3071 Kimco shares. On the debt side, we paid off $130 million outstanding on RPT's revolver, repaid $514.4 million of RPT's outstanding private placement notes, including accrued interest and amended and assumed $310 million of RPT term loans. We funded the repayment of the revolver and private placement notes from cash on the balance sheet and a new $200 million term loan with a final maturity in 2029. The $200 million term loan was swapped to a fixed rate of 4.57%. The $310 million of amended and assumed term loans are comprised of 4 tranches with $50 million maturing in 2026, $150 million in 2027 and $110 million in 2028. Each of the tranches has been swapped to a fixed rate with a blended weighted average rate of 4.77%. Overall, the total debt related to RPT added to our year-end balance sheet is $510 million, with us using $440 million of cash on hand. Now to our 2024 outlook. Notwithstanding some of the macro factors that Conor mentioned earlier, we remain confident about the growth prospects of our operating portfolio and are enthusiastic about unlocking the potential of the newly added RPT assets. Our initial 2024 FFO per share guidance range is $1.58 to $1.62 before any RPT merger-related costs which we expect will be in the $25 million range or $0.04 per diluted share. Our guidance range is based on the following assumptions: same-site NOI growth of positive 1.5% to 2.5%, inclusive of the RPT assets. Included in the same-property NOI guidance range is a credit loss assumption of 75 basis points to 100 basis points. This is a similar level to our credit loss experience in 2023. Lease termination income between $1 million and $3 million. This is compared to $7 million in 2023. Interest income between $2 million and $4 million as compared to $19 million in 2023, as we had significantly higher cash balances during '23. Acquisitions, including structured investments ranging from $300 million to $350 million, weighted toward the second half of the year. Dispositions ranging from $350 million to $450 million weighted toward the first half of the year, comprised primarily of select RPT assets. Corporate financing costs ranging from $319 million to $325 million, comprised of consolidated interest expense and preferred stock dividends. Annual G&A expense ranging from $133 million to $139 million. The G&A range is inclusive of the expected cost savings synergies from the RPT transaction ranging from $30 million to $34 million. Our guidance range also assumes no material impact from RPT-related noncash GAAP accounting income comprised of above and below market rent amortization, straight-line rents and fair market value adjustments to debt. Lastly, the guidance range assumes no redemption charges or prepayment charges associated with callable preferred stock outstanding or early repayment of debt obligations and no planned issuance of additional common equity. I want to thank all our associates whose tireless effort brought the RPT transaction to a successful closing and drove our strong results to end the year. We look forward to a successful 2024 together. And with that, we are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: On the acquisitions and dispositions. One, do the dispositions that you have in your guidance, does that represent the entirety of the expected noncore properties that you're selling from RPT? And then two, are the cap rates of the acquisitions, is that indicative of where you see the market today?
Ross Cooper: Sure. Happy to take that. The dispositions that we've outlined in the first half of the year represent, I would say, the vast majority of the dispositions that we have planned. Like we always do, we'll continue to monitor the assets, see how they perform, see where there's growth, where there's risk. And we may look to prune additional assets in the future as we would with any Kimco asset. But once we complete these, we'll feel like we've really taken care of the bulk of the immediate needs on that front. As it relates to the acquisition cap rates, I would say that really is a blend between cap rates on true sort of core grocery acquisitions as well as our structured program. So when you put those 2 together, we're very confident that we'll be able to achieve turns that really minimize any sort of dilution and continue to enhance and grow our FFO accretion as we go forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America.
Jeff Spector: I don't know if there's a limit of questions but my first question would be, can you break down the 1.5% to 2.5% same-store NOI outlook? I don't know if you can provide some of the building blocks to that, please?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Again, like anything else, again, a good portion of it is really driven by increases in minimum rents, that's the primary driver. And then you'll have a small amount that's in there for credit loss. Credit loss for the most part should be pretty similar, as I mentioned, to 2023. And then there is some lease-up that's built into it as well. So those are really the primary drivers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo.
Dori Kesten: We appreciate the detailed guidance. Excluding merger costs, it looks like the midpoint of your FFO guide implies around 2% growth. Can you just remind us what your long-term expectations are for either FFO or NOI growth for the company now with RPT?
Conor Flynn: Yes, happy to take that one and I appreciate the question. That is the targeted FFO growth for the year ahead. Clearly, that's below the longer-term growth rate that we're anticipating for the company of between 3% to 5%. And when you look at the components of the FFO growth for this year, we do have a few onetime headwind items impacting us this year. But overall, the strength of the portfolio, the strength of the platform continues to shine. I mean, obviously, everyone's dealing with headwinds from increased interest expense but we've prefunded and taken out all the maturities for this year and believe if the momentum continues, the growth rate should continue to accelerate. Obviously, that growth rate for this year is above last year and we think that, that should continue to accelerate in this environment.
Glenn Cohen: I can just add just a little bit in terms of some of those headwinds that Conor was mentioning. We're still dealing a little bit with the fair market value amortization related to the Weingarten bonds. That's about another $8 million difference for this year. So that's a little over $0.01. So that's 1 thing that's certainly impacting us. Again, as I mentioned, if you look at the lease termination income, again, it's pretty modest in terms of what's built into the guidance versus the $7 million that we had last year. And again, we were benefiting also from a pretty significant amount of interest income, that's going to come off. So if you put all together, you have somewhere around $0.02 or $0.03 of headwind. But again, the portfolio is in great shape and we expect to be able to grow here.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Floris van Dijkum: So you -- obviously, incredibly robust retailer leasing demand here. You talk about the best environment in 15 years or something like that. You've got this very significant SNO pipeline, $57 million. It's, call it, 4% of NOI in that neighborhood. Your guidance only implies 2% growth. What is the timing? Maybe if you can walk us through when that income is going to come online? And is that going to be back and weighted for this year or is that going to impact '25 going forward?
David Jamieson: Yes, all great question, Floris. Thanks. Yes, as Glenn mentioned, about 70% of that pipeline, we anticipate commencing this year. It's representing about $15 million to $20 million, it's obviously less than that $70 million on the total ABR. So it is back half weighted. And the team, based on last year's performance, did an incredible job meaning exceeding those targets and we'll continue to push the envelope and get those stores open as quickly as possible and get the cash flow going. So you will see it towards the back half. And then as you alluded to, you will see that benefit come in '25 as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: So a question on cap rates. In the guidance, you have dispo cap rates sort of in the mid 8s, acquisitions in the mid 7s. One of your peers has been quite active in selling, has been selling in the mid-6s. So how should we interpret the different cap rates that we hear the different REITs talking about? And presumably, the asset quality is all fairly similar, although maybe there's some debt or something specific. But how should we interpret the different cap rates we're seeing to understand sort of what the "real" cap rate where shopping centers are trading today?
Ross Cooper: Yes, sure. Happy to take that. I think when you look at our disposition guidance for this year in the cap rate, it is on a very select portfolio of assets geographically as we've talked about, are primarily in the Midwest. More boxy, lower growth, potentially higher CapEx in the future. So when you look at the specifics, I don't necessarily think it's indicative of where cap rates are trading for a product across the board. It's clearly selective to geography, format type, whether or not there's a grocery component. So from that perspective, this is sort of a one-off unique year for us. And frankly, it was all baked into the plan and the underwriting with the RPT transaction. So this is very much on target and expectation for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss: I'm looking at the pretty substantial sequential lease improvement, could you just provide us some details in terms of the types of tenants that are taking that space, whether or not you expect that level of demand to continue into 2024 and if maybe that will result in some wider lease spreads as occupancy continues to tick up?
David Jamieson: Yes. Thanks for the question. We've continued to see activity across a really broad set of categories, start with grocery first. We signed a lease at Natural Grocers this last quarter. Several other specialty grocers are extremely active on the mainstream side. Those grocers are pushing as well. Formats, vary. You are starting to see a lot of flexibility with retailers willing to expand and contract the size of their square footage in which they operate to penetrate the supply-constrained market. And so when you look at the forward-looking forecasts, let's start with supply-demand imbalance. That continues at record low supply development. So you'll have nothing new coming online. You'll have basically second-generation space to backfill. And as Conor mentioned earlier in his comments, our Bed Bath absorption was quite robust this last year with 21 to 29 being occupied. Then you have the demand on the retailer side appreciating the efficiencies, the margin improvements and the gains that they're seeing by utilizing brick-and-mortar to service their customer both on the last mile side and as well as some form of distribution. So you have that demand side continuing to push through. And then you have the consumer side that obviously sees a great utility in the brick-and-mortar format as well. So when you mix that all together, when you look at the '24 forecast, you're continuing to see that those demand factors work in our favor. So we've been encouraged by the pipeline that we currently have and we'll continue to push as hard as we can as we move through this coming year.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi.
Craig Mailman: Just looking at the guidance and Glenn, I appreciate the calling out to $0.02 to $0.03 for onetimers. But just as we look at that top end of the range, what gets you there? Is it just the timing on the capital recycling kind of maybe not happening so early in the year on the dispos? Do you have potential upside from leasing that you can actually get open in time for it to hit number? Just trying to get a sense of -- I know it's early in the year and there's some macro uncertainty out there. So just trying to see where there is some potential conservatism in the numbers or just mass delusions that timing would kind of take care of?
Glenn Cohen: Sure, Craig. I would say, again, things that can get you to the upper end of the range, we have a credit loss range, that 75 to 100 basis points. So if credit loss comes in better than that, that's definitely a help. That 75 to 100 basis point range is between $16 million and $22 million. So again, improved credit loss is an opportunity to help get there. Clearly, the timing of the acquisitions and dispositions plays into this as well. As we mentioned, the dispositions are more front loaded where the redeployment of that capital is more back-end loaded. If the timing of that shift is clearly an opportunity to further improve towards the upper end of the guidance.
Unidentified Company Representative: The other aspect, Craig, is also the timing of getting leases to start cash flowing as Dave Jamieson said, there's about $15 million to $20 million that will be coming in this year that we anticipate. But if we have better execution and we could see that some of those rents could start sooner, that will also help us achieve the high end of the guidance range.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: I wanted to ask a question on new lease rents here. Leasing spread has certainly been on a steady upward trajectory the last couple of years but new lease rents and new lease spreads this past quarter were down versus the prior quarter, while TIs were up. So I'm curious if there's anything unique that's worth calling out here or maybe if there's a broader read that perhaps rents could be at or close to peaking and where do you think new lease spreads can be over the near term?
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean as I mentioned, quarter-over-quarter, spreads are really indicative of just the population of that given quarter and what qualifies as a comp spreads, so it can be volatile at times. But when you look at the overall ABR growth, we continue to see us moving upwards in that trajectory from quarter-over-quarter where it was year-over-year. So we're encouraged, obviously, by that direction, I think we're at $20.32 at this point. And in terms of the TI allocation, we look at the all-in cost, so landlord and TIs collectively. The distribution between those 2 categories is dependent on the type of deal structure you cut. So when you combine those and you look at the trailing 4, we're right in line there. And there were a couple of deals this quarter that were more as-is structure, so higher TI allowances were given to those tenants. If you strip those out, you're around $26 versus that $33 that we posted. So you're pretty much in line, slightly better than what we've seen in the past. And as we look forward into '24, we do have 29 anchor boxes, I think, that are naked with no options. They do have the highest rent per square foot at $18. We've executed 6 of those in the last quarter and those were as-is rents above that and we still had a high double-digit mark-to-market adjustment on that. So you're seeing room for opportunity to grow in the coming year as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore.
Samir Khanal: I guess, Conor, you had a very strong 4Q operationally. And clearly, occupancy continues to move up, both on the anchor and shop side. I guess what's the potential upside from RPT as we think about maybe the shop space or even occupancy pickup in '24?
Conor Flynn: Yes, happy to take that. Thanks, Samir. So the small shop, I think, is the real upside there on the RPT portfolio. They're about 30 basis points below the Kimco portfolio. And when you look at the momentum we're experiencing in the small shop side, we're very confident that we should bring that up to the Kimco portfolio relatively quickly over the next 1 to 2 years. We've done the same with the Weingarten portfolio and we feel very confident in the team that we have on the ground and the leasing the momentum that we're continuing to experience today. RPT has a number of upside opportunities. We're obviously digging in right now and getting very excited. Mary Brickwell Village is one that I mentioned earlier in the call. The mark-to-market spread there is significant on deals that roll to market as well as some leasing upside and some potential future redevelopment density plays. But it's not just that site; we have a number of assets in Florida and Boston and other great trade areas that have significant leasing momentum that we think we can execute on. And if the dispositions come across the tape at the time, we think we're going to be able to showcase RPT dispositions with -- once you take those out of the combined portfolio, both the Kimco grocery percentage increases as well as the Kimco's mixed-use percentage increases. So two strategic accomplishments very early on, hopefully, this year. So we're excited, obviously, about that opportunity.
David Jamieson: I'd also just add that their lease economic spread is currently 570 basis points relative to their portfolio which is about $12 million of annualized base rent. So we'll get the benefit of some of that coming online this year as well to complement what we currently have in our SNO pipeline. And then the ABR per square foot relative to ours is a little bit lower. So I think there's room to run there and benefits to be had. And based on their the spreads that they posted in their Q4 filings, we're encouraged by the direction of the real estate.
Operator: The next question comes from R.J. Milligan with Raymond James.
R.J. Milligan: Two-part question here on CapEx and I'll try and get it all in. First, for the Bed Bath & Beyond spaces, you resolved 21 leases. Spreads much better, I think, than anyone expected but I'm curious what the average TI package was per foot and how did that shake out relative to expectations? And then second part, more broadly, I think you're expecting an increase in CapEx spend in 2024 and I'm just curious what's driving that? Is that Bed Bath & Beyond? And how much of that is RPT?
David Jamieson: Yes, sure. On the Bed Bath, we've been pretty consistent around $55, $60 a foot on the backfills dependent on the structure. Most of these have been single-tenant backfills but if you do look at some slip boxes in the future or a different type of operator, it could be lower or slightly higher but it's been fairly consistent. Yes, on the CapEx load for '24, obviously, we have one of the largest pipelines in the sector and one of our largest that we've had. So it's primarily driven by deal cost and execution there. It's our highest return on capital in terms of any investment we can really make. So we see it's a great use of funds. And RPT will be -- with their SNO pipeline, as I just mentioned, at 570 basis points in their lease economic, obviously, there will be a contribution there as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Maybe kind of on the watchlist side, Michaels, Jo-Ann's and AMC are top 50 tenants of Kimco, each with a credit rating in the CCC range. So I was wondering if you could go through your outlook for the 3 companies? Or if you don't want to talk about specific names, just broadly, the lower credit quality tenants, kind of how they're performing in your portfolio and how that factored into the credit loss expectation in guidance?
David Jamieson: Sure. Yes. We can start with Rite Aid. So last year, we had 21 locations. At the end of the year, we ended with 16. We do anticipate another 5 coming back this quarter. The leasing activity and LOIs that we currently have on those locations are very encouraging and we're seeing mark-to-markets in the double digits. So again, second-generation inventory is really where the opportunity is to push rents today and that's what retailers see it. And so that's -- to my earlier comments, you're starting to see retailers flex on their format to try to work themselves into some of these boxes. As it relates to Jo-Ann's, that has been another topic of the day. We have 21 locations. And currently, they're looking at just rightsizing their operating business. They obviously had a great COVID run. Top line revenues were growing fairly significantly and I think they're seeing a bit of a reset back to pre-COVID and trying to stabilize their business there. So it's something that we're closely watching. Limited rollover in '24. But again, when we stay close with those operators as well. As it relates to the broader pipeline, it really hasn't expanded all that much. I think the general health of retailers has been fairly significant. We are active in the pre-leasing side of that equation to get out in front of any opportunities to recapture space. And in some cases, we're really pushing it to upgrade the quality of the tenancy. Because you do have on the other side of the spectrum, high-quality investment-grade tenants that are looking to grab space. So they're also becoming more aggressive in that regard. So right now, we feel pretty good.
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird.
Wes Golladay: I just want to maybe talk about Mary Brickell Village. I know RPT has some big plans there, they're already starting to do a lot of work there. Are you changing any of those plans?
David Jamieson: Yes, great question. Appreciate it. I know there's been a lot of focus in the first part of the year on Mary Brickell. We're just over a month of ownership. So we've got deep into the investigation of both short-term and long-term planning. And right now, the real focus is the upgrading of the quality of the tenancy. There is a tremendous upside potential there and some of the existing rents we're in the 40s and 50s. And prior to close, you're getting rents in the high 100 or 120-plus range. So you're seeing a huge mark-to-market adjustment just on the retail side alone. As we look at forward-looking longer-term plans, we're still in the early stages of the investigation of what we want to do. But if you've been down there, you realize it's the hole in the donut, right at the heart of Brickell with $20 million visitors walking past that site on an annualized basis. So there is tremendous opportunity long term at that site and we're very excited about it.
Operator: The next question comes from Paulina Rojas with Green Street.
Paulina Rojas: The lack of new supply is a key driver of the positive background in the sector. And if demand continues strong, rent should continue to rise. My question is how much rents would have to go up for development to start to pencil for you? I'm not sure if you have looked at this from this perspective but I think it would be an interesting way to frame the risk of new supply coming.
Ross Cooper: Yes, I'm happy to take that. I think when you look at the fundamentals of our business and why we're so bullish, it is because the challenges of penciling on new development are significant. We estimate, based upon what we've seen in costs and land values, that to develop a new shopping center today, you're well north of $400 a square foot. In many cases, $450 to $500 square foot. So when you think about the yields that any developer would reasonably require, your ABRs really need to be $35 to $40 a foot on average to pencil a new development. When you think about the replacement cost of the shopping centers that we own and the rents that we have, in many cases, we could be half of where replacement cost is today. So from that perspective, it's hard to envision that there's going to be any meaningful new development in the near term and it makes you very comfortable with the rents that we have in place today and our opportunity to continue to push that.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller: What are you expecting for overall redevelopment spend in 2024? And are you close to activating any major projects that could cause that number to accelerate materially in '25 and '26?
Glenn Cohen: Michael, the redevelopment spend is somewhere between $100 million and $150 million. It's pretty similar to where it's been running really for the last few years and we continue to look for any place we can because that's -- it's really an area of great return for us. We wind up in high single digits, sometimes low double digits on those redevelopments. But that's the range right now.
Conor Flynn: Michael, I will add that we've been prioritizing the retail redevelopments because clearly, the returns there are much stronger and that's where we see significant returns and upside in the portfolio. So if we're going to activate new projects going forward, that is still a priority for us and continue to mine the portfolio for upside.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Gorman with BTIG.
Michael Gorman: Just wanted to circle back to the growth potential within the RPT portfolio. And I just wanted to clarify, when we think about the 1.5% to 2.5% that's inclusive of RPT, what is the impact of the portfolio you're having on that? And how does that break out between kind of legacy Kimco and RPT as we think about 2024?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean it has a minor impact. Remember, the overall part of the portfolio, 92% of the portfolio is all the Kimco assets. So it doesn't have a major impact to it. Really, the bulk of the growth is really coming from the legacy Kimco assets today. It does have some impact. Again, as Dave mentioned, their SNO pipeline is 570 basis points, it's about $12 million. So there is some of that $12 million that we're expecting to come online during the year as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: Any thoughts on where occupancy ends up year-end between anchor and in-line? And would you expect the remaining 8 Bed Bath & Beyond boxes to be leased up by then?
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean that's our goal is obviously to resolve the Bed Bath boxes in '24 based on the demand that we're seeing, we feel encouraged by that. I also want to note that we're inheriting 3 additional boxes a result of RPT, so on a go-forward now, we'll have 11. And again, we're encouraged by the activity there. As it relates to occupancy, I'm always challenged to push the envelope higher and push the mark higher. I mean, exceeding 91.1 and getting to 91.7 on the small shop side was a great milestone at the end of the year. And I do just want to like put into context, this was all in the midst of merging another company into Kimco. So I can't thank our broader team enough on the execution that they've done in executing over 1 million square feet of leasing. So we'll continue to push as hard as we can on the anchor side. We're at 98%. Our all-time high was 98.9%. And so we have room to run there, too which is encouraging. And then bringing on RPT, as Conor mentioned, there is additional upside to on a relative basis from where our occupancy in theirs is. So we'll have our work cut out for us in '24 but we feel encouraged.
Conor Flynn: Linda, if you remember, Q1 typically obviously has the holiday hangover from some of the tenants that close after the holidays. So resetting the occupancy with RPT and the holiday impact and then growing the occupancy through the year is typically how the year commences. And obviously, with the momentum we're experiencing, the diversity of demand, we're confident that we should be able to grow the occupancy throughout the year after Q1.
David Jamieson: Yes. And just one last note on that. It's not only just the new lease side but it's also the retention side which is so important in terms of preserving and then growing your occupancy. And right now, when you look at the first half of the year, we're tracking around 70% of our rollover right now getting resolved. So we feel pretty encouraged by the momentum as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell: Just a question on the rent bumps signed on your leases in the fourth quarter. Where were they? And where do you think -- and when do you think this effort to increase your contractual rent bumps will start to have results in higher minimum rent growth for you in the future?
David Jamieson: Yes. Our -- we continue to push bumps obviously on the anchor in the small shop side. I think you're seeing different opportunities in different parts of the market. In some areas, you can push north of 3% or in the 4% range in other markets might be a little bit different. But we're challenged to grow as much as we can on an annualized basis. And we're seeing, again, a good response because of the supply-demand imbalance right now and the multiple bidders at the table.
Conor Flynn: I would say just the small shop side continues to improve quarter-over-quarter. I think we've been tracking that diligently and pushing that hard. The anchor side is still aware there's some friction and we're trying to improve that if we can. But again, there's still, I would say, some modest improvement there but not as significant as the small shop side.
Operator: The next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Just two quick ones for me. The first is just on the dispositions guidance, is that all RPT, number one? And number two, is that -- should we be expect -- is that everything that you wanted to sell? Or should we be expecting sort of more as you get through this first batch?
Ross Cooper: Yes, the guidance is the vast majority of RPT dispositions. We always have some smaller land parcels and clean-up items but it's primarily in a meaningful way RPT. As I mentioned before, once we complete these dispositions in the first half of the year, we believe that we've successfully executed on the plan. And then on a go-forward basis, we'll just look at pruning as we do any Kimco asset that reaches the end of its life cycle.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Floris Van Dijkum: Just a quick follow-up question. Shop occupancy, Conor, you've talked about this and this is one of your biggest opportunities here. And clearly, there's upside you talked about in the RPT portfolio, in particular. Maybe if you could also give a little bit of flavor on why your mixed-use presents an opportunity for your shop. And is your shop occupancy higher in your mixed-use assets versus your stand-alone retail assets?
Conor Flynn: Sure. Happy to, Floris. I think when you look at the small shop occupancy upside, it's significant because that's really where if you look at sort of the anchor occupancy reaching like, in essence, relatively full, that's where we see a lot of upside on the small shop side. I like the diversity of demand that we're experiencing as well right now in small shops. If you think about our percentages of small shops, restaurants and entertainment are still pretty sizable. They're about 1/3. Personal care services are up to about 15%. We're seeing the service industry really come back. Other services outside of personal care, that's another 12%. And then medical has really picked up as well at close to 6%. So when you look at like the components of really what's driving the occupancy on the small shop side, it's pretty diverse because each of those categories have a number of names that are out doing hundreds of stores. And I think with our platform, we're able to actually give retailers the ability to hit their growth potential numbers because right now, they're challenged to find high-quality retail and you can come to Kimco and get it in space. And so that's where I think we have a real opportunity with the platform to get more market share on these new growth small shop openings. On the spread between the grocery-anchor portfolio and the mixed-use portfolio, there's really not a sizable spread there between the 2 to say that one is significantly higher than the other. Right now, clearly, the rents we're getting on the mixed-use portfolio are higher but most of those mixed use or apartment towers that have retail and the base of it are high-dense areas, high-growth markets with significant demand. And so we have been able to push rents and those rents are significantly higher than the grocery-anchored portfolio. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Next question comes from Tayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank.
Tayo Okusanya: Thanks for your earlier comments on Mary Brickell. Just curious in general around redevelopment. How you guys are kind of thinking about that as a potential use of capital. A lot of your peers seem to be ramping up that business. And I'm just kind of curious within your portfolio, how you're kind of thinking about redev.
David Jamieson: Yes. As we mentioned earlier, our big focus right now is more on the retail redevelopment side and which is leasing driven. You're looking to build a better mouse trap and work with high-quality tenants to reposition parts of the center. So we'll continue to pursue that strategy as the yields and the returns on the are fairly accretive. More broadly speaking, when you look at the multifamily opportunities that we have with all of our entitlements, those are lower-yielding investments and we're very selective and strategic about activating those. In our case, we're constantly watching the capital markets, the supply demand as there is known to be a lot of new supply that will be coming on the multifamily side. So we want to be very strategic and cautious about that. But we're always assessing what the best use of our capital is. There's great investment opportunities with Ross and what he's looking at right now as well. So we really look at the holistic plan and how we utilize our capital in any given year to make sure we're driving the most accretive returns.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo.
Jamie Feldman: I was hoping to get some more color on the acquisition and structured finance investment -- or structured investments guidance. Just can you talk more about what you're seeing in the market today? Or is anything loosening up now, maybe that you didn't see a couple of months ago, given what's going on with some of the banks? And then, kind of what gives you confidence on your numbers? You have -- first half, you've got $100 million to $150 million, is that something that's kind of in the bag and you're working on? Maybe just more color around what gives you confidence on those numbers? And do you think it could be higher or even lower by year-end?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Yes. As I mentioned, there's definitely more optimism in the marketplace as the rate volatility has come down a little bit. There have been an uptick of assets that have been introduced to the market. We're seeing it each day. And anecdotally, speaking with brokers, they're seeing more activity. They're doing a lot more ELVs, broker opinions of value. So it's indicative that there are a lot of groups that are out there that are contemplating, bringing assets to the market if they haven't already. From our perspective, what we've seen that's interesting. There are several larger assets that are on the market that tend to have fewer viable all-cash buyers. So any time we're looking at making acquisitions or investments, we try to think about where is our strategic advantage. And there is a lot of capital that is bidding on grocery-anchored neighborhood shopping centers. There are fewer buyers that are capable of taking down a larger asset like the Stonebridge deal that we bought last summer that the team is extremely excited about as long-term redevelopment opportunity but it's a larger size that makes it more difficult for an all-cash buyer. So that's a lot of what we're looking to do. It's a similar playbook that we've taken on in the last couple of years. As it relates to the structured investments, we have seen an increase in conversations. We have a couple of deals that are currently in the pipeline, hopefully, a few more that are behind it. So we're very confident in the guidance that we put out and now it's our job to execute on that.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Alexander Goldfarb from Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just Conor, big picture, a lot of the questions on the call are clearly around guidance and trying to understand growth. As we think about this year and I'm not asking for '25 guidance, so don't worry. But as we think about the company this year is the sort of slower growth, is that more a function of a lot of the puts and takes with RPT and a lot of, I don't want to call them one-timers but benefits last year, lower interest rates, et cetera. And therefore, this year is really subpar relative to where the company is going? Or are those of us who are sort of bullish on retail a bit too optimistic about the growth potential and that, in fact, it will take longer for the leverage that you guys are getting certainly in your re-leasing spreads to manifest in earnings growth? I'm just trying to balance which this year is being more impacted by?
Conor Flynn: Sure. So if you think about this year, specifically, we did try to outline some of the onetime items or the initial headwinds that we're facing that will not repeat going forward. Glenn outlined the amortization of the Weingarten bond, that's just this year and will not repeat going forward after this year. We do have a lot of SNO pipeline, signed but not opened. ABR coming online that's back-half weighted. So again, obviously, that will benefit the '25 and going forward from there. There's a lot of, I think, embedded growth in the portfolio that has yet to be unlocked. And getting those tenants open and operating is sort of the significant fuel for the growth of the platform going forward. Obviously, interest expense headwinds have been significant for everyone in any commercial real estate sector. I think we've done a nice job in terms of pushing maturities out. What will that look like going forward? I know a lot of people have different opinions on when the Fed might change and start to cut but we're not running the business on banking on when they're going to do that, we're running a long-term business and trying to match fund the long-term debt with that. So I think we're well positioned to see an acceleration of growth going forward. Obviously, this year is an acceleration of growth from last year and we continue to believe that if we execute, we should see the building blocks continue to improve going forward.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: What was the rationale behind selling that last bit of Albertson shares post 4Q? And then also the rationale in a provision for taxes rather than a special dividend?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. I mean it's always been part of our capital plan and our strategy to monetize Albertsons. It's part of our overall capital plan and we feel we can obviously redeploy those proceeds better than what that current dividend is. So that's part of it. And really, for us, we'd rather retain the capital. We think we can make good use of $225 million, again towards additional investment and a combination of additional investment and debt reduction.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Again, I feel like occupancy has been asked about a number of times but just 1 other way to ask. You guys show that at year-end economic occupancy for your portfolio was 92.7%. And in an earlier question, when you were talking about the occupancy trend for this year, you pointed out there could be post-holiday fallout and then there's also bringing in RPT portfolio. So I was wondering that 92.7 that you showed that just Kimco, if you knew what that would have been had the RPT properties been included, if that makes sense?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, it would have been lower by 10 basis points in total, when you include the RPT. When you include RPT, the overall impact of RPT on occupancy starting the year is about negative 10 basis points.
Conor Flynn: Caitlin, as you know, Q1 is typically when you get the holiday hangover, you get some spaces back and then you start to build occupancy back throughout the year. So we anticipate the seasonality to continue. Clearly, we're off to a good start here and that's why we're cautiously optimistic about the year ahead, continuing to build on the momentum from Q4 because that was a record quarter for us. And obviously, if we can stack quarter on top of quarter like that, we'll be in very good shape to hopefully meet and exceed expectations for the year.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: We'd just like to thank everybody that participated on the call today. We hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Kimco Realty Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include, Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our quarterly supplemental financial information on the Kimco Investor Relations website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. I'm going to lead off today with an overview of the macro environment, summarize our operating performance for the quarter, and provide an update and some color on our strategy for navigating through these uncertain economic times. Ross will cover the transaction markets and Glenn will close with our financial metrics and updated guidance. Despite the headwinds of high interest rates, some high profile tenant bankruptcies, shaky debt and equity markets, and the on-again, off-again predictions of an impending recession, underlying shopping center sector fundamentals remain robust. More importantly, our portfolio continues to produce strong operating results, as we have been able to nearly overcome, from an FFO perspective, over $0.06 of non-cash accounting related headwinds relative to last year. In an environment marked by virtually no new supply, strong demand from new, recurring, traditional, and non-traditional anchor and small shop tenants, along with the resilient consumer, we continue to produce strong operating results. Indeed, our third quarter results were stronger than anticipated, enabling us to raise our outlook for same site NOI, while raising the bottom end of our FFO guidance for the remainder of the year. A few more third quarter highlights. We signed 457 leases totaling 2.1 million square feet during the third quarter. Our small shop occupancy reached an all-time high of 91.1% as demand for our portfolio continues. Our strong positive leasing spread was 34.9% for new leases and 8.8% for renewal and options reflects the pricing power of our high quality portfolio. Of note, our combined spread of 13.4% is the highest in six years. As anticipated, our anchor occupancy dipped 50 basis points, quarter-over-quarter to 97.2% due to the recapture of the remaining Bed Bath & Beyond boxes. We released seen Bed Bath boxes this quarter at a positive spread of 54%. Our remaining 12 Bed Bath boxes are all in negotiation and continue to benefit from the favorable supply and demand dynamic for well-located retail. Our overall occupancy is off only 30 basis points to 95.5%, notwithstanding the headwinds described. We are encouraged by the continued push by tenants to secure the right real estate with the right landlord. This continued strong demand is perhaps best evidenced by our signed, but not open spread, which actually widened out this quarter to 320 basis points, representing about $52.2 million of rent that is not yet cash flowing. It is these operating dynamics in our own portfolio that continue to build our team's enthusiasm for the pending RPT transaction. While we remain excited about our portfolio, the headwinds I noted earlier cannot be ignored. As a result of the dramatic rise in the 10-year treasury due to persistent inflation in all likelihood, we will remain in a higher-per-longer interest rate environment for the foreseeable future. To mitigate balance sheet uncertainty and maintain a stance of de-risking our exposure to market forces, we do not [Technical Difficulty] continue to prioritize generating free cash flow. We are laser focused on expediting store openings and rent commencing dates, while reducing expenses that are not income producing. Free cash flow growth will allow us to be self-funding and help produce strong organic internal NOI growth as we move ahead. In summary, we continue to build a company, team, and portfolio that is resilient and able to drive growth in challenging times. We believe we are well positioned to execute and take advantage of the additional opportunities that will inevitably arise as we continue to work to optimize shareholder value. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning all. It was a busy quarter for Kimco on all fronts, including the transaction side of the business. While the macro backdrop continues to be volatile, the dislocation that has begun to emerge clearly benefits well-capitalized owners and operators. Those with the scale and liquidity to not only weather challenging times, but take advantage of them. With rates continuing to rise and financing more difficult to obtain, creativity and utilizing unique advantages is how to win in this environment. To that point in August, we capitalized on an opportunity to acquire a dominant grocery anchored lifestyle center in one of our top markets. Stonebridge at Potomac Town Center is a 500,000 square foot trophy asset in Washington DC Metro with all the attributes we look for in a property, starting with the best-in-class grocer, in this case Wegmans, with exceptional sales. The market also has excellent demographics with over 115,000 annual household incomes and over 110,000 people in a three mile radius that also pulls from a trade area that stretches upwards of 40 miles, due to the tenancy and regional location. The property will allow us to layer in our platform to create additional value and cash flow growth, both from upgrading specific tenants and rental levels over time. Additionally, the asset includes over 50 acres of land, providing us with the optionality to densify with mixed use in the future. Historically, this is an asset that every institutional owner would be chasing and would likely have a premium cap rate attached to it due to all the positive attributes. However, with financing tight and for a large deal size, Kimco stood out with its ability to close all cash on the $172.5 million purchase price, which allowed us to negotiate a cap rate north of 7% for our newest Signature Series asset. During the quarter, we also announced the merger with RPT Realty. This is another clear example of utilizing our platform to negotiate a highly favorable cap rate for a well-regarded portfolio of primarily grocery-anchored centers. Similar to the timing on the Weingarten transaction, we view this as another unique window during which the competition is limited and we can take advantage. As it relates to structured investments, there has been a noticeable uptick in discussions and potential opportunities in the past 30 days to 60 days. Admittedly, we expected these conversations to ramp up earlier in the year, but it seems to be happening at a more significant pace as of late. Conversations are taking place with operators facing debt maturities, groups looking for capital to transact on unique one-off opportunities, as well as institutional investors facing redemptions that are looking at recaps. We're being very selective in where we participate, so we expect this part of our business to grow as we move forward. All in all, we are excited about the activity during the quarter and our ability to utilize our position and sector-leading liquidity to remain active when others are sidelined. We will continue to be extremely judicious with our capital, but be ready to move opportunistically. And now off to Glenn for the financial highlights of the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Ross and good morning. Our third quarter results continue to demonstrate the strength of our high quality operating portfolio, highlighted by robust leasing spreads and positive same-site NOI growth. Importantly, our strong liquidity position and leverage metrics position us to effectively handle the macroeconomic headwinds resulting from stubborn inflation and the higher interest rate environment. Now for some details on our third quarter results. FFO was $248.6 million, or $0.40 per diluted share, as compared to last year's third quarter results of $254.5 million, or $0.41 per diluted share. Our third quarter results produced an increase in pro rata NOI of $3.3 million. The key components of the increase were higher consolidated minimum rent of $12.6 million offset by lower LTA income and straight-line rent of $4.7 million. In addition, bad debt expense was higher by $2.8 million as the current period had a more normalized credit loss level, compared to last year, which benefited from $600,000 of credit loss income due to reversals of reserves. Overall, credit loss was at 71 basis points as a percent of revenues for the nine months at the favorable end of our 75 basis point to 125 basis point credit loss guidance assumption. Pro rata interest expense was also higher by $10 million comprised of $8 million from the consolidated portfolio and $2 million from our joint ventures. This was due to lower fair market value amortization resulting from the early repayment of Weingarten bonds in the third quarter of last year and higher interest rates on the floating rate debt in our joint ventures. Also included in FFO for the third quarter 2023 are $3.8 million of costs incurred in connection with the announced RPT merger and a net benefit of $4.8 million associated with the final liquidation of the Weingarten pension plan. Moving to the operating portfolio, leasing activity remained brisk throughout the quarter as Conor mentioned. Same-site NOI growth was positive 2.6% for the third quarter. And if we excluded the impact of prior period collections it would have increased to 3.1%. The primary drivers of the same-site NOI growth are higher minimum rents contributing 290 basis points and other rental revenues adding 40 basis points. These increases were offset by a more normalized level of credit loss impacting same-site NOI growth by 90 basis points. Overall, these results demonstrated the continued strength of our well-located portfolio and brings our year-to-date same-site NOI growth to 2%. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with consolidated net debt to EBITDA of 5.5 times. On a look through basis, including prorata JV debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding, net debt to EBITDA was 5.9 times, the same as last quarter and 0.4 times better than a year ago. Our liquidity position remains very strong at over $2.4 billion at quarter end. This was comprised of more than $400 million in cash and full availability of our $2 billion revolving credit facility. In addition, we have our remaining Albertsons shares which have a value of over $320 million. Subsequent to quarter end, we issued a new $500 million long 10-year unsecured bond which is scheduled to mature in 2034 at a fixed coupon of 6.4%. As we are all aware, interest rates have risen dramatically over the past year and further rate increases are not off the table. As such, we felt it was prudent to address our upcoming 2024 unsecured bond maturities which come due in the first quarter of next year. Tending the maturity, we have invested the proceeds in high-quality instruments to mitigate a large portion of the dilution. Now for our outlook for the remainder of 2023. As Conor noted earlier, we began the year facing a non-cash headwind of $0.06 per share totaling $36 million, compared to 2022, stemming from the anticipated lower fair market value amortization from the early repayment of the Weingarten bond and the normalization of credit loss. In addition, we reduced our 2023 lease termination income assumption by $10 million or $0.02 per diluted share in the first quarter. As a result of the strong performance from the operating portfolio, we have clawed most of this back. Our ability to overcome these headwinds speaks to the stability and strength of our operating portfolio. Based on our year-to-date results and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we are again tightening our 2023 FFO per share guidance range to $1.56 to $1.57 from the previous range of $1.55 to $1.57. This includes improving our full-year credit loss assumption to a range of 75 basis points to 100 basis points from the previous range of 75 basis points to 125 basis points and increasing our same-site NOI assumption to 1.75% to 2.25% from the previous level of 1% to 2%. In addition, based on our full year expectations, our board has elected to increase the fourth quarter common dividend to $0.24 per share, representing an increase of 4.3%. As a reminder, we received a $194 million special dividend from Albertsons earlier this year, which is considered ordinary income for tax purposes, but not included in FFO. We continue to evaluate the amount of special dividend needed to satisfy our redistribution requirements. The Board is expected to declare the amount of special dividend in November and we expect to pay it by year-end. Looking ahead, we plan to provide our 2024 outlook when we report our fourth quarter results. We anticipate it will be inclusive of the RPT merger being completed early in the year. And with that, we are ready to take your questions.
David Bujnicki: Before we begin Q&A, one additional item of note, today's call will be focused on Kimco’s third quarter earnings results and outlook as a standalone company. Today's discussion may also contain forward-looking statements about the company's pending merger with RPT, which remains subject to customary closing conditions, including the approval of RPT shareholders. As such, our responses around this pending transaction are limited. The information that is already publicly available, including the transaction announcement, the S4 and the merger agreement, which can all be found in the investor relations section of our website. With that, now we can begin the Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. You purchased an asset in the quarter, you sold assets in the quarter, you're presumably in the market for selling some of the RPT assets for when you acquire the company. Can you kind of provide an update of the transaction market with a particular emphasis on how things have changed since the 10-year rate increased? Thanks.
Ross Cooper: Sure, happy to address that. So, yes, you're right, we had a very active quarter, as I mentioned. We were very excited about the acquisition of Stonebridge Center. It's going to be a long-term hold where we can create some significant value. The dispositions on the Kimco side were fairly limited. There's one transaction which I would note that we sold out of one of our joint ventures, a grocery anchored shopping center in Southern California at a very low cap rate and the low-5s, which I think showcases still the strength of the market and that there is significant capital, particularly for core grocery centers. That being said, we're being I think very cautious in this market in terms of the fourth quarter and our expectations. There's essentially nothing in the pipeline on the acquisition side between now and year-end and on the disposition they continue to be limited to a couple of select land parcels and a few smaller joint venture assets that we're exploring. So I would tell you that the market is still active, although transaction volumes are down plus or minus 70% year-to-date. There is still is capital that is being put to work. Just recently there were transactions that very aggressive sub-6 cap rates in Southern California aside from the one I mentioned that we sold as well as in Miami. We've seen grocery anchored-centers as well as power centers in Chicago and other parts of the Midwest that are trading in the 6s and the 7s and in some cases low-8s. The financing is still available albeit at higher rates than what we've seen in the last 12-months or so which is obvious given where the rate environment has gone, but LTVs can still be obtained from private owners or investors in the 50% to 60% range. So there's still activity out there. We're encouraged by what we see in the fundamentals of the business, as we've talked about. And we believe that we can selectively execute it at the appropriate time.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Just hoping to pack up on the back of Michael's question with regards to targeted RPT dispositions, presumably that would be focused in the lower growth Midwest markets. Just how committed are you to trying to prune that part of the portfolio, if at all? And how should we think about cap rate spreads or differences between, kind of, typical primary gateway markets versus more secondary, maybe Midwest or rest Belt type markets?
Ross Cooper: Sure, we are going to save the specifics of the RPT strategy for once we close the merger. That being said, I would tell you that there is still activity out there, as I mentioned. We've seen transactions in the Midwest, as well as in the Sun Belt and other parts of the country. So investors are still looking at all parts of the country and all formats of retail. There's a significant amount of capital that is currently sidelined that is waiting for the appropriate opportunities and frankly for more supply to hit the market as it's been a pretty stable and static amount of supply that's been introduced. So we'll be very selective. We're going through the integration process, the pre-merger integration process right now. So we're formulating our strategy, but we're very encouraged by the direction of the RPT portfolio and what we're seeing. And as we get to the merger and beyond it, we'll be much more specific about the strategy and plan there.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeff Spector: Great. Good morning. I guess just to push on that a little bit, just given the year-to-date stock performance, the market is clearly not appreciating the opportunities or the market is too concerned over the risks on these opportunities and it sounds exciting you're seeing more opportunities to come. I guess is there anything else you can share today to alleviate maybe some of these concerns that, you know, Kimco is executing the right strategy to be opportunistic.
Conor Flynn: Jeff I'm happy to take that one so I think when you see in our results and that the numbers speak for themselves clearly we are very focused on executing our strategy and having that result in strong operating results, strong FFO, we raised our dividend, we raised our guidance, we raised our same-site NOI guidance, the all-time high occupancy for small shops is reflected there, six-year high on leasing spreads. So we believe we're executing and we're showcasing it and letting the numbers speak for themselves. Clearly we're in an opportune time, you know, with the dislocation in the financing market, we try and be, you know, opportunistic. And I think that's what Kimco is known for. And so obviously it's a show me story and we believe we've executed in the past and we know we're only as good as our last deal and so we're going to make sure that we continue to put up the numbers that speak for themselves. And when you look -- and I know we've been very vocal about the health of our industry, but when you look at the supply and demand side of the shopping center sector, with the demand, the store openings of what we track over 6,900 new store openings for this year, the supply of 0.5% of existing stock of new construction, which is the lowest amongst all commercial real estate categories, and the vacancy levels for the whole entire open air sector. Depending if you look at Cushman and Wakefield or CBRE, it's the lowest sense of ever been tracking. So between 16-years at Cushman, 18 years at CBRE, this is the lowest vacancy rate the country has ever experienced. And so we're in a good spot. We see that opportunity. We think that the RPT transaction is exactly that. It's a high quality portfolio with all the wind at its back. So we can crystallize the GNA synergies very quickly. And what gets us most excited, obviously, is the OpEx margin that we can believe we can execute on quickly and bring it up to a Kimco level and block and tackle and showcase what the platform can do.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Hey, guys. Just maybe coming at things from another angle on RPT here. Just the 10-years up called 70 bps since you guys announced the transaction, you guys just did the debt deal at [6.4] (ph), you have to refinance the under $80 million. Could you just talk about, given where rates are, where they could go, what the optimal mix of cash versus new debt could look like to take that debt out, and maybe how the accretion math has moved since the deal was announced just given the higher financing costs.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, hi, Craig, it's Glenn. Again, rates obviously have moved a little bit, but we do have a full mix and we have a fair amount of optionality. We have cash, obviously, that is on our balance sheet. We also have our Albertsons investment that we would expect to be able to monetize in the beginning part of the year. So between that, our access to capital, the revolver, we feel pretty comfortable with taking, you know, refinancing the debt at prices relatively close to where we targeted. Rates are up a little bit, but I think from a full standpoint, we still expect the transaction to be FFO-accretive in the first year. We have, again, the revolver is fully available. We're sitting with the significant amount of cash on the balance sheet, and Albertsons I think those give us the flexibility to take down what we need to do.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey there. Good morning. I will not ask a question on RPT, I wanted to ask about leasing spreads. My question for you is on leasing spreads, the Bed Bath spread in particular, which were stronger I think than many of us expected. So maybe can you shed some more color here? Are you perhaps offering a bit more TIs? Are you cutting up boxes? And maybe some color on how the conversations are going to backfill the remaining boxes and expectations for spreads on those? Thanks.
Dave Jamieson: Yes, appreciate the question. I think it sort of dovetails part of what Conor mentioned about the supply demand and the demand factors that are very much in our favor right now with no new development supply. It's really the existing inventory. And so, similar message to what we've communicated previously is a lot of these retailers are looking for opportunities to grow their store count. They have to hit their growth projections over the next several years and so they've always seen the Bed Bath inventory as one of those clear opportunities. So in terms of the commitment they've made, you have multiple players at the table looking for a similar space that actually helps you push rent northward, which helps drive the spread. When you look at the cost side, the costs have been pretty much in line. All of these have been single tenant backfills, so we aren't splitting boxes yet. When you look at the balance of the 12, we still have a handful of those that are going to be occupied most likely by single tenant users. There may be a couple in there that we anticipate splitting, but that was to be expected from the very beginning and we still see very healthy spread margins as well for those remaining boxes. So again, all looks fairly comparable right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Yes. Hi, good morning. Maybe a follow-up to the Bed Bath sort of comment earlier. I guess how much -- how should we think about the downtime with those boxes? I mean, I'm trying to figure out, you know, the downtime and how long it'll take to get kind of the rent back online with new tenants as we think about growth for next year, you know. So, you know, on the one side you have the headwinds from higher interest rates, net interest expense, but on the other side I'm just trying to understand how much of a sort of a pick-up from rents you'll get sort of as a tailwind for next year? Thanks.
Dave Jamieson: Yes, sure, absolutely. So we have 14 boxes that were executed three of which were assigned those 14 boxes are accounted for currently in our snow pipeline, which you spend a 320 basis points, $52 million in total. For some perspective on timing, we do actually have our first two Bed Bath boxes that were backfilled starting to flow this quarter, and so that was under a 12-month window. Obviously, timing will vary box-to-box on what needs to be done. The balance of that is baked into our snow pipeline, of which we anticipate seeing about 50% to 60% of that flow through the course of 2024.
Conor Flynn: The nice part, too, about the releasing of the Bed Bath boxes is, again, there have been individual tenants taking the whole boxes, which usually compresses the buildout time and the rent commencement date. So that's what we're already starting to see some flow this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Dori Kesten with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Thanks. Good morning. With respect to your push for higher annual escalators, are you finding there's any incremental pushback or would you expect to be able to continue to push upward to the near-term?
Glenn Cohen: Yes it's market driven obviously you know we'd say the Sun Belt markets have been you know areas of opportunity where we can push further north on the increases, but it's really a case-by-case conversation with all the retailers. Obviously, everything's in negotiation, so there's a lot of discussion on the table, but we felt we have been confident in our abilities to push it northward, and right now it seems to be holding pretty well. With the small shop occupancy at 91.1, obviously matching our all-time high, again, that supply-demand balance is still working very much in our favor.
Dori Kesten: Okay, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Connor Mitchell with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Connor Mitchell: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, sticking with the lack of supply and strong tenant demand, I guess thinking about how you guys are having conversations and discussions with your acre tenants. So, traditionally, the acre tenants are able to drive leasing terms on deals. But now that the availability is dwindling. How is Kimco able to regain leverage in those discussions and maybe curtail some tenant-friendly terms?
Conor Flynn: Sure. Yes, I mean, outside of the economics, you're looking at, you know, co-tenancy provisions, exclusive provisions, all of which you can start to rebalance, loosen up, create more flexibility for us. Obviously, repositioning and redeveloping our centers has been a core principle of ours, so having that flexibility to do so. I also think we continue to grow into a data-driven market where you have a better sense of the impacts and you see tendencies or understandings change. Former principles about the impact of fitness long ago was sort of dispelled by the reality that people go to the gym, and then they actually go and shop elsewhere afterwards. And so retailers have come to appreciate that. So I think today, more than ever, it's very much a partnership, looking to build the best community for the shopper and the customer. And our retailer partnerships are very, very strong. And they're willing to explore new opportunities that work for both sides.
Glenn Cohen: The only thing I would add is I think you're seeing retailers become more flexible with store footprint, which again opens up a lot more opportunities. The days of sort of having their prototype and that's it, it seemed to be in the past. And so that may not be a lease term specific item, but it is an optionality that creates more demand for spaces that might be more tweener sized. And that's what you're seeing with some of the Bed Bath opportunities.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. You know, I'm a little bit surprised that you know in some ways on the reaction from the market on your increasing scale at a time when the fundamentals of the shopping center industry are probably the best we've ever seen. But maybe if you could put into context some of the -- your historical occupancy and leverage ratios. And in particular maybe highlight also maybe if you can talk about what your shop occupancy is at record levels already, but are there big regional differences and how much more can you push that? Maybe comparing, for example, your New York or Long Island shop occupancy versus your national, obviously there are market differences here, but highlight to the market a little bit on what the upside potential, additional upside potential is here in terms of occupancy. And also, obviously, as that snow pipeline comes online, what that would do to your already, I believe, record low leverage ratios?
Conor Flynn: Sure. Happy to start, Floris, and we can pass the mic around, but you're spot-on. We're obviously encouraged by the supply and demand dynamic that we're experiencing in our portfolio. We're using a lot of data analytics to understand that there's virtually no new supply on the horizon and that we feel like our portfolio is well positioned for growth as the signed, but not open pipeline continues to build, as you saw expand further this quarter, which indicates future NOI growth. And we're trying to maintain a portfolio and strategy that allows us to grow regardless of the environment that we're facing. And so keeping leverage levels at all-time lows for us is important. You saw us be proactive and really sort of push out any near-term maturities with our recent bond offering. We continue to think that the small shop occupancy is going to be a bright spot for us as we've just reached all-time highs and we're continuing to think there's more to push there. The demand drivers are multiple, and they're more, as I mentioned earlier, there's traditional and there's non-traditional. And you continue to see the use cases for shopping centers evolve, because it's all about value and convenience. And almost everything you can think of benefits from value and convenience. And so that's why the shopping center continues to evolve to be, I think, the place of choice for whether it's a service use, whether it's a medical use, whether it's a pure retail use, you name it, it continues to evolve as the spot where people want to start businesses. And that's why I think it gives us a lot of encouragement, as well as the fact that we have all of this underutilized parking that we think has future outside in the long-term. So we always want to think long-term. We entitled over 800 units this quarter alone in the portfolio. We continue to think that the shopping center will evolve to include multiple uses, primarily multifamily for us. But we position the portfolio for long-term growth. We've been on a roller coaster of retail. As you know, there's been retail apocalypse. There's been the COVID pandemic. There's been all things we've faced in terms of challenges. And we feel right now we're in a really good spot, hopefully be the bright spot of commercial real estate, because Kimco is well positioned, I think, to be opportunistic and showcase that when times when people are nervous, if you have the capability to execute, you should be able to make generational deals. And we feel like that's what we're intending to do at Kimco going forward and into the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning. I'm just curious how you're thinking about spending on acquisitions versus redevelopments at this point, where you see the bigger opportunity? Given the size of and growing size of the portfolio, whether or not you expect to see some increase in the redevelopment opportunities or whether the accretion yields there due to the cost or whatever it might be are just not worth the squeeze?
Ross Cooper: Sure, I'm happy to address that. Cost of capital is paramount in doing deals that are accretive to that cost of capital. It is something that we discuss and evaluate as a collective committee on a daily basis. To your point, acquisitions in this environment, at least one-off sort of third party acquisitions will be very challenging for us in the near-term as cap rates have not moved nearly at the same speed that interest rates and our cost of capital have moved. The bright spot is that redevelopments, particularly sort of the bread and butter retail redevelopments within our portfolio, continue at very high clips, double-digits on average. So that is an investment opportunity that we will continue to pursue and activate across our portfolio. And to your point, as the portfolio continues to grow, those opportunities grow alongside it. So we do believe that leasing and redevelopment -- retail redevelopment will continue to exceed our cost of capital and be where we put a significant amount of our available cash flow. And then we'll be opportunistic with the structured investment program, which also has double-digit returns requirements for us to proceed. And we'll prioritize each and every opportunity with that thought process in mind.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning. I got a question on where do share repurchase has been into the capital allocation, I guess the matrix? I think you have about $224 million left in your authorization. How are these -- how does that compare to a structured investments and other opportunities you have?
Ross Cooper: I think it's a similar conversation. I think every investment opportunity that we look at is judged based upon our cost of capital and what is accreted to that. I think that we talked a little bit about our leverage being at the lowest levels historically that it's ever been, which gives us a lot more optionality to consider anything that's on the table. So we'll look at every single investment opportunity, acquisition, leasing, redevelopment, structure investment, stock buybacks, whatever the case may be, and prioritize it based upon, you know, through that lens. So that's where we sit and that's how we consider it.
Operator: The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning everyone. Conor, you talked about small shop occupancy as a bright spot. Could you talk about what types of tenants you're seeing that interest from, like local versus national, what industry? And also the timing, I feel like we hear that macro uncertainty is lengthening the time it takes to sign leases and other property types. So I'm wondering if you're seeing that at all in your property type?
Conor Flynn: Sure, from a small shop perspective, I think it's definitely a bright spot. When you look at the uses, you know, restaurants, specialty foods, like those types of users still dominate sort of the percentages of new leases that we signed this quarter. And then when you go past that, it's really sort of the health and wellness and beauty category. That continues to evolve. You used to be dominated by sort of the old bus of the world. Now we're seeing Sephora and a number of others continue to evolve to have open air shopping centers as a key component to their growth strategies. You know, when you look at the services category, that continues to evolve. We always have had hair and nail salons as a key component of the shopping center sector. But when you add in all the medical uses that continue to evolve and want to be closer to the consumer and come out of the hospital, I think that continues to evolve as well. And then you're seeing sort of these franchise-driven concepts that continue to be the growth driver. The mom-and-pop retailer today very different than it was even five years ago. And a lot of what's being -- what's going on is they're buying these franchises with a proven business model, and that's how they're starting the business. And I think when you look at the franchises that we're doing deals with, you can actually improve the credit profile there, again, the corporate guarantee on it. And so as we evolve our leasing strategy, and we talked about the increases that we're getting on small shops, continuing to improve the growth of the portfolio, all these things are adding up, obviously, to an enhanced growth profile.
Operator: The next question comes from Alec Feygin with Baird. Please go ahead.
Alec Feygin: Hi, there. Thank you for taking my question. I kind of wanted to dig into the structured investment conversation. You guys have mentioned that the conversations around those have been picking up lately. Can you guys provide us some more details about the return criteria on those and what we can expect that book to grow to?
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yes, the conversations are picking up and we do anticipate there's going to be more optionality with that program as we enter 2024, continuing with the theme of cost of capital. As our hurdle rates increase, the quotes that we're providing to potential borrowers of our capital have increased as well. So what was previously 8% to 9% with some back-end participation potentially is now double-digit as a starting point. So the blended average of our structure right now in terms of the rates that we're obtaining in the current position are in the mid to high-9s. And we expect that anything going forward will certainly start in the double-digits. But we think that will ramp up. We have just under $200 million outstanding on the book right now within the program. So we'll continue to be mindful of that, but we think that there's room to run there.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. You reduced your credit loss outlook as you're trending at the low-end. Given the record low supply environment you're operating in and your improved portfolio quality in terms of better credit tenants, do you think it's premature to say credit loss will be a step function lower in the coming years?
Conor Flynn: Again, we're happy with the improvement that we've seen. I think you've seen credit loss coming back to more normalized level similar to what we saw pre-pandemic. It's a little early to put it into the guidance for next year. But as a run rate, if we're in that 75, 100 basis point range, I think you're back to pretty normalized levels.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yes, hi. Going back to the structured investment opportunities, are they all tied to real estate? Or are you evaluating some operator opportunities as well?
Ross Cooper: Yes. I mean the core program is looking at operating real estate in our core markets with strong demographics, the tenancy that we're looking for, high-quality sponsors, and as we've talked about in the past, having that right of first offer, a right of first refusal is a critical component of that program. Now that being said, we do have our Plus business that has been active historically. And as there are retailers that are real estate rich that have capital needs, we believe that we're typically 1 of their, if not their first phone call. So those conversations will continue and where we can be opportunistic and helpful with retailers that have a significant amount of owned real estate, we'll always look at those opportunities as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Paulina Rojas with Green Street. Please go ahead.
Paulina Rojas: Good morning. Price of interest rates, of course, has been unprecedented and introduces the question of how will retail our balance sheet and look after a company starts facing that maturity. So when you think about the future, how do you feel about potential tenant fallout? Do you think it will be -- or that it's reasonable perhaps to think about above average tenant failure given everything that is happening with interest rates?
Conor Flynn: It's a good question, Paulina. I think when you look at the rate environment and how it impacts all industries, really the retailers that have near-term debt maturities are going to be facing higher interest expense and the refinancing, just like other industry. I would say that [Technical Difficulty] for Kimco has never been smaller when you look at the retailers that we continue to track from a credit perspective. And when you think about the supply and demand dynamics that I talked about earlier, we feel very comfortable with the credit loss reserve that we have today. Obviously, we just improved that this quarter and continue to be proactive on showcasing spaces that are not available today, but may be available in a year or two or even five years’ time. And that's what we're doing right now is we're showcasing not our current vacancies. We're showcasing what may be available in the near-term or in the long-term to line up the best-in-class tenants. Because of the lack of supply, retailers are engaged in that knowing that it's going to be hard to fill their promised pipelines of net new store openings in the current environment. So they have to align with folks like Kimco to try and fill that and see where they can add where they wanted to fix to build their needs.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning. To follow-up on that last question. Just given the rise in the cost of capital for your tenants, do you see that eventually weighing on their expansion plans? And second question, your active mixed-use developments, the yields went up pretty noticeably. Just curious what drove that.
Dave Jamieson: Yes. Kevin, great for questions. So with the first one, we maintain a very close dialogue with our big retail partners, and they're looking through, I think, the short term impacts and continuing to try to grab market share where they can appreciate in that, that inventory is limited. And if they don't get it today, there might not be new inventory available tomorrow. That said, every retailer has a different capital strategy, and that probably evolves most likely as ours evolves as well. So something that we stay very, very close to them. But as I can say right now, it doesn't seem to be slowing the pace of growth the majority of those retailers. And as it relates to the mixed-use pipeline, yes, I appreciate the question. So what you see there is you see four projects, three of which are ground leases and the fourth one being Colter which is the 1 that we identified as our preferred equity structure. That was the first of its kind that we're doing. So this quarter, we felt it was appropriate to actually show what the real returns are related to the Kimco invested capital and the preferred returns related to those projects. Obviously, that yields a higher or accretive growth profile than if you're just to invest all the capital yourself. So that's what it's reflecting, that's the change.
Conor Flynn: The only thing I would add on the retailer demand side, in, and what we're seeing is because of the rate environment because of the construction costs a lot of these tenants that used to do ground-up development and then sell those assets as sale leasebacks are now looking for second generation space versus the ground-up development side. And so they're looking at how do they absorb existing inventory versus net new development, because of that lack of financing availability. And so that should drive more demand to the existing spaces, as well as that first-generation ground up development has really dried up.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks for the second shot here. Just a couple of questions. One, just on -- going back to the RPT merger where we started. So what are you guys assuming in terms of the debt that needs to be refinanced. So that's part one. And then part two, if you could just give us an update on the Rite Aid exposure and what you're seeing or expecting there for the space that they've deemed that they're going to get back in one form or another.
Conor Flynn: So in terms of the debt to be refinanced for RPT, if you look at the balance sheet at 9/30, they're sitting with bank debt, both revolver debt and term loan debt of about $350 million and then they have about $511 million of private placement notes. So that's the magnitude of what we're looking at and then obviously, there'll be merger plus that go into that. So it's around $900 million in total. And as I mentioned, we have a variety of options about how to fund that from our Albertsons investment, cash on the balance sheet, aligned, obviously, access to the capital markets and other things.
Dave Jamieson: Yes. And as it relates to the Rite Aid exposure, right now, we know that three of our leases have been rejected in day one. That's about 5 basis points of occupancy right now. So a de minimis impact, there are another two that we expect to close this quarter. So in total, that's about 8 basis points of total occupancy on the impact. And right now, we have good activity in terms of hitting our retailer list and box size is appropriate for a lot of the mid-box users, and so the larger, sort of, small shop operators as well. So we're very encouraged by the activity. We have one that has drive-through locations. So again, there's good attributes, good components here that we feel pretty confident we can backfill those quickly.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. Again I had originally tied to just sneak in a second one, but then we didn't get to it. So here I am. And maybe it's a little bit of a follow-up to Ki Bin's question. But so we hear that macro uncertainty is lengthening the time it takes to sign leases in like office and industrial, so I'm just wondering if you guys are seeing this at all, like how have your tenant sense of urgency on signing leases evolved over the course of the year? And like have they changed? Or have you, I guess, avoided that?
Dave Jamieson: Yes. It really -- it hasn't changed. Not anything related to the macro environment. We're tied for negotiating certain deal points that may add some time, but that's normal course of business. If anything, people are looking to get leases signed quickly so they can get open sooner and they can start booking that growth within their portfolio. So there's been no real material change in terms of time of execution.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Libby Bakken with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Libby Bakken: Hi. This is Libby Bakken. Yes, just a follow-up. So -- do you think you could clarify the bridge or the walk from 3Q FFO to 4Q just based on the guide, it looks like it implies like a $0.01 to $0.02 step down into the fourth quarter. So just curious on what's driving that.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Again, we have a couple of onetime things that are in the third quarter. As we mentioned, there's some of this impact from the Wingard pension plan that was liquidated during the quarter. And there's a few other onetime things. But again, we feel very comfortable with the guidance range and we're at the upper end of the range that we set out for the year. Again, coming back, we made up a lot of headwind that we had going into the year, driving towards that high end of the range today. So that's really the driver.
Conor Flynn: There was a big one-time item as Glenn mentioned, the pension income we recognized was about $8.7 million. That's what's in that other income line. You back that out, you're back to a more normalized level.
Libby Bakken: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Hi, thanks for the follow-up. I saw the lease summary that landlord worked first square foot went up to close to $8 in the quarter. I'm assuming that's related to the Bed-Bath Beyond lease, but I wanted to confirm that and maybe talk about TIs and landing work trends going forward?
Dave Jamieson: Yes, sure. So there's a couple of components. Let's start with the first and new leases side. So the new lease side, is slightly higher, driven by primarily three deals. If you left those deals out, the total work for TI and landlord work would go from 51 down to 40 which is at the lower end of a more normalized rate. The returns on the deals were in excess of 20-plus percent. So very accretive and the mark-to-market on those is between 80% and 116%. So very, very accretive deals. But again, back those out, you get down to the $40 range. In terms of the overall, where you include new leases, renewals and options, it is elevated because of the weight of the number of new leases executed and we'd also did ‘24 anchor deals that quarter -- this last quarter. First, the number of renewals and options, if you see those are a little bit lighter. So obviously, when you blend it together, the weighted component of the new deals grow that number up a little bit. But from a cost standpoint, as you can see, the renewals and options are pretty much in line as well. So that's just the nuance difference between this quarter and prior quarters.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: We just appreciate everybody that participated on the call. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kimco Realty Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our quarterly supplemental financial information on the Kimco Investor Relations website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. I will begin with an overview of the leasing environment, highlight a few of notable accomplishments during the quarter, and provide an updated on our longer term strategy. Ross will then cover the transaction market and Glenn will close with our financial metrics and updated guidance.  Easing inflation and robust labor market have bolstered consumer sentiment. Demand for space remains strong, as retailers continue to peruse their expansion plan, resulting in a favorable leasing environment for the Kimco portfolio.  We closed the second quarter with 153 new leases, totaling over 650,000 square feet. With strong demand from our high quality, first-ring suburban locations and limited new supply, rents are up across all of our regions.  Our strong leasing spreads continue to validate our portfolio quality and embedded pricing power. Our new leasing spread was 25.3% and included new leases on four of the Bed Bath & Beyond spaces, two of which we recaptured during the quarter. Overall, we closed 485 deals during the quarter, totaling 2.7 million square feet, with a combined spread of 9.9%.  Our second quarter renewal and option spread was 7.6%, with renewals ending at 6.5% and options at 9.3%. As a result of healthy consumer spending in desirable locations, the majority of our tenant base, including small shops and anchors, are electing to renew, retain and reinvest in their stores. We ended the quarter with 332 renewals and options, totaling 2.1 million square feet, exceeding the previous five-year average for second quarter renewal and option volume, and kept our retention rate near all-time highs.  Small businesses grew throughout our portfolio with sequential occupancy gains of 30 basis points to 91%, only 10 basis points shy of our all-time high, and we executed 26 anchor leases this quarter, the most substantial anchor activity we have generated in over five years.  Overall occupancy for the second quarter finished flat at 95.8%. This includes the recapturing of eight Bed Bath & Beyond boxes in the second quarter. These vacates, plus 11 from Tuesday morning, resulted in an anchor occupancy reduction of only 10 basis points sequentially to 97.7%, while still up 10 basis points year-over-year.  This leasing activity bodes well for the absorption of our remaining Bed Bath & Beyond boxes and has also widened our spread between the signed, but not open retailer pipeline to 300 basis points, another good indicator of future growth embedded in the portfolio.  While we are not immune to retailer bankruptcies, the overall quality and diversity of our tenant mix, high demand locations, and best-in-class leasing team enable us to withstand, and in some cases take advantage of the short-term vicissitudes of tenant failures.  In terms of Bed Bath & Beyond, we've released seven locations through the end of the second quarter, including the four new leases executed during the second quarter with a pro-rata mark-to-market spread of 31%. In addition, three of our leases were purchased by the retailers as part of the Bed Bath & Beyond auction.  Currently we have activity on the 19 remaining Bed Bath spaces with a mark-to-market opportunity of over 20%. While we anticipate a dip in occupancy during the third quarter due to the vacating of the remaining 19 Bed Bath leases at the end of July, we have seven locations at lease and activity on the 12 remaining.  Overall, we are encouraged by the brisk lease-up of these boxes, which further demonstrates the quality of the portfolio and the strength of the retail market, and ultimately we believe will benefit from backfilling these boxes with stronger credit tenants.  With respect to our long-term strategic goals, we continue to make good progress. First, we added a new Sprouts grocery store to an asset in Virginia, increasing our percentage of grocery-anchored assets in the portfolio to 82%. In addition, our mixed-use portfolio continues to shine. We have now reached 2,471 apartments in operations across the Kimco portfolio, with over 1,000 apartments under construction and 5,300 entitled, offering a significant pipeline of future densification opportunities.  The residential densification both compliments and enhances our retail sites, resulting in higher asking rents and leasing activity. A perfect example of this is our Pentagon project in Virginia, a newly-completed 253-unit apartment complex affectionately named The Milton, which is already 49% leased and ahead on rental rate and absorption assumptions. The addition of the Milton will have positive long-term impact on the economics for the rest of the site.  In closing, we are pleased with the performance of our operating platform and proud of our team's strong execution that allowed us to quickly and accretively backfill our vacancies at meaningful rental spreads, a true testament to the quality of our portfolio and leasing team. We have also made significant progress in our ongoing efforts to maintain a strong balance sheet and related metrics. Glenn will provide the details shortly.  That said, we continue to challenge ourselves to do better. We are tracking our deal costs and our build-out time from lease execution to rent commencement to ultimately enhance efficiency. We continue to focus on growing net effective rent and have reduced the timeline for building out space year-over-year for the past two years.  In addition, we are proud to be recognized by Forbes as a net zero leader, the only shopping center REIT to make the top 100 list as we strive to be a leader in sustainability. All these accomplishments are reflective of an enormous team effort at Kimco.  While we are positioned to withstand headwind that will inevitably emerge, we are also ready to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves, in our ongoing effort to maximize results for all of our stakeholders.  Ross? 
Ross Cooper : Thank you, Conor, and good morning. I hope everyone is enjoying their summer so far. Industry volume of open-air retail transactions in the first half of the year was down significantly compared to 2022. That said, we're starting to see the market thaw with activity warming up in the sector.  While we did not acquire any new properties or utilize our structured investment program in the second quarter, we believe our patience and strong liquidity position will be rewarded as opportunities arise in the back half of the year.  Since the ICSC Convention in late May, we have seen a noticeable increase in quality products hitting the market with sellers that are seemingly prepared to meet current pricing expectations. At the same time, there continues to be significant demands from both institutional and private investors for high quality open-air retail.  While borrowing costs and equity yield expectations remain elevated, the significant levels of capital seeking core retail remains strong and ready to deploy. With this dynamic, the market feels healthier and more vibrant now than it has at any point in the past nine months. Considering this backdrop, coupled with over $500 million of cash on our balance sheet at the end of the second quarter, we have been selectively targeting acquisition opportunities and accretive structured investment. There will be more detail to come on the existing pipeline as we move some of these deals across the finish line and we expect it to close on a few select investments by year ends.  As it relates to dispositions, we continue our selective approach choosing assets for specific reasons. Most notably, we sold our Christiana, Delaware land parcel for $32 million directly to an auto dealership operator. After evaluating several potential development plans for both retail and industrial, it became clear that our best risk adjusted return was a direct sale to the operator, allowing for subsequent redeployment of proceeds into income-producing investments.  We will continue to assess various prospects on both the new investment side and select pruning opportunities as we strive to generate incremental FFO growth while further strengthening our balance sheet over time.  I will now pass it off to Glenn for an update on the financials and outlook. 
Glenn Cohen : Thanks Ross and good morning. Our high quality operating portfolio continues to deliver favorable results, highlighted by another quarter of positive same-side NOI growth and strong leasing spreads. Furthermore, with additional proceeds received from our Albertsons investment, we continue to enhance our liquidity position and leverage metrics.  Now, for some details on our second quarter results. FFO was $243.9 million or $0.39 per diluted share as compared to last year's second quarter results of $246.4 million or $0.40 per diluted share.  Our second quarter results were driven by increased pro-rata NOI growth of $7.4 million, largely due to higher consolidated minimum rent of $12.5 million and higher percentage rent of $2.5 million. These increases were offset by higher bad debt expense of $3.8 million as the current period had a more normalized credit loss level compared to last year, which benefited from $800,000 of credit loss income due to reversals of reserves.  In addition, the increase in rental property expenses which includes greater insurance costs eclipsed the increase in recovery income by $3.5 million. Other factors related to the change in second quarter results were higher G&A expense of $4.8 million and pro-rata interest expense of $5.9 million. We also benefited from higher interest income earned on our invested cash that was partially offset by lower dividend income, resulting from the sale of Albertsons shares during the past 12 months.  Similar to last quarter, the uptick in G&A expenses was largely due to the anticipated staffing levels following the Weingarten merger, as well as greater non-cash expense related to the higher valuation of equity awards. The increase in interest expense relates to lower fair market value amortization, linked to the previously retained above market Weingarten bonds, as well as higher interest rates associated with floating rate debt in our joint ventures.  Moving to NOI. Same side NOI growth was positive 2.3% for the second quarter and would have been even better at 3.2% if we excluded the impact of prior period collections. Looking at the components of the same side NOI growth, we are encouraged by the 310 basis point increase from minimum rents and 70 basis point boosts from higher percentage rents. These improvements were offset by a rise in credit loss of 120 basis points. Overall, these results demonstrate the continued strength of our well-located portfolio.  As it relates to our Albertsons investment, during the second quarter we sold 7 million shares of ACI stock and received net proceeds of almost 145 million. It is our intention to pay the tax on the capital gain from the sale and have recorded a $31 million tax provision. Both the gain on sale and the related tax are excluded from FFO.  Year-to-date, we have monetized $282.3 million of ACI stock and expect to retain approximately $220 million for opportunistic investments and debt reduction. We currently hold 14.2 million shares of Albertsons which has a value of over $310 million.  As a reminder, during the first quarter of 2023, we received the $194.1 million special dividend from Albertsons, which was included in net income, but not FFO. The Albertsons special dividend is considered ordinary income for tax purposes. As such, the team and Board continue to evaluate the amount of the special dividend to our stockholders needed to maintain our compliance with redistribution requirements, which will be paid by year-end.  Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the second quarter 2023 with consolidated net debt to EBITDA of 5.5x. On a look-through basis, including pro-rata JV debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding, net debt to EBITDA was 5.9x. The best level since we began reporting this metric and the first time it's been less than 6x.  Our sector-leading liquidity position remains very strong with over $2.5 billion of immediate liquidity, comprise of over 500 million of cash on hand and the full availability of our $2 billion involved in credit facility. In addition, we have the remaining Albertsons shares value in over $310 million.  Based on our solid first half results, the monetization of our Albertsons shares and expectations for the balance of the year, we are again tightening our FFO per share range to $1.55 to $1.57 from the previous range of $1.54 to $1.57, we've all previously disclosed guidance assumptions remaining the same.  And with that, we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question, we'll come from Samir Khanal of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Samir Khanal: Good morning, everyone. Hey Conor, you mentioned the mark-to-market opportunities for Bed Bath. I think the balance, and you said it was like 20% was the number you gave. I guess how are you thinking about the capital required or the CapEx involvement that will be required to get to that return? Thanks. 
Conor Flynn: Yes, happy to take that one and Dave, you can chime in as well. I think obviously you have seen the demand side of it be very strong for individual users to take the whole box, which obviously creates an ideal situation, where if you have a single tenant user taking the entire box here, you're tenant improvement allowance and your landlord work are quite a bit lower then if you were to split the box.  Yes, we've given that range of 20% plus on the mark-to-market on the Bed Bath Boxes. Obviously, you've seen the one that we executed. I've been a little bit ahead of that as we continue to work through the box inventory. 
David Jamieson: Yes, on the deal cost side for the ones that we've executed and the ones we're currently tracking at least, it's falling right in line with what we've seen historically with our anchor repositioning with boxes around 20.000 to 40,000 square feet. That range is around $60, $70 bucks of foot. So we have another 19 to go. Obviously there'll be highs and lows related to that, but I think there'll be more or less in mind with what we've been seeing so far. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Spector of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Spector : Great. Good morning. Conor, you talked about retailers continuing to pursue expansion plans. Can you talk a little bit more about what you are seeing since we saw you at ICSC and NERI, maybe categories, regions, you know – and these expansion plans that we are talking about, ‘24 and ‘25? Can you provide a bit more color? 
Conor Flynn: We're happy to. Look, it's a broad base of demand drivers we're experiencing right now, which is great when you think about the Bed Bath boxes that we have coming into inventory. We really have to pick of the litter right now in terms of the best-in-class retailers. We have a – we have I think a nice combination of grocery anchors that are looking to expand.  So if you look at the traditional grocers, whether it's Kroger, Albertsons, Ahold, they continue to grow and you've got the specialty grocers with Whole Foods and Trader Joe's ramping up expansion plans. You've got ethnic grocers continuing to expand. And you've got the off-price sector that continues to be warring for space.  It really is an incredible demand driver there with TJ Maxx and all of their banners, Ross and their banners. Burlington of course being very aggressive at the Bed Bath auction and continuing to look for space. That combined with some of the other categories that we have like sporting goods and other things, it's a nice combination of real drivers for the anchor space.  The other piece of it though that I want to make sure I don't forget to mention is the small shop demand is quite robust and that's very, very encouraging I think for the overall U.S. economy. Because if you think about the small business being really the heartbeat of the U.S. economy, we're seeing tremendous demand on small shops, driving our occupancy up near all-time highs, continued building a pipeline of new leases there, and the retention rates are very high there. So it's a nice combination on both anchors and small shops. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith of UBS. Please go ahead. 
Michael Goldsmith : Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. As we think about the capital that you have in hand, $500 million in cash, $300 million in Albertsons shares, and then you kind of marry that with what Ross was saying about the activity thawing. What sort of opportunities are you seeing out there in the marketplace to acquire centers? What are the catalysts for sellers? And then it sounds like there is a much more narrower gap in pricing. So what's the ballpark for the cap rates right now, for the transactions that you're pursuing? 
Ross Cooper : Sure. I'm happy to address that. Yes, to your point, as I mentioned we are seeing additional activity in the market. Now, it is still somewhat hit or miss in terms of the assets that are in the market, where they are pricing and which ones are trading, but there's been more quality grocery that has hit the market, that is still demanding some six caps in many cases and getting them. We're starting to see some larger assets hit the market that maybe have a little bit of a higher spread where you can get a bit more yield, but still pretty strong quality.  I do want to address the cash that you were talking about and the uses for that. We're still fully committed to the net acquisition spread of about $100 million sort of positive, but we do have certain uses for that cash already allocated as well. We talked a bit about some of the redevelopment spend that we have, taxes on the ACI sales, and the special dividends. So while we do have some capital that is already sort of earmarked for that spend, we do think that given our cash position we're in a pretty unique position to be aggressive on the acquisition side, but still maintain a strong level of discipline. 
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Mailman of Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Thanks. Maybe Ross, to follow-up on that prior question, on the acquisition market, and maybe just some incremental color on where you're seeing better opportunities in the structured finance side of things, in the equity side of things. You guys were reported to be buying like a $170 million acquisition in Northern Virginia. Is that something that could close here in the near term? I know you said $100 million net acquisitions, but is there an opportunity to go above that? And do you have enough dispos teed up to fund that or do you maybe just ramp leverage a little bit back up above 6x in the near term and then have that kind of drift back down?
Ross Cooper : Sure. Yes, I mean I think where we're seeing opportunity today from a pricing standpoint is on sort of the larger deal size in some of the portfolios. The single asset grocery anchored in the $20 million to $40 million range are still pricing as aggressively as ever. And when you think about the cash position that we have, which is currently earning 5%, there needs to be a meaningful spread for us to get excited about an acquisition.  I'm not going to comment specifically about the asset that you're referring to, but as I mentioned, we are active and we do believe that there will be some closings within the program within the back half of this year, both on the structured investment side, as well as the acquisition side. 
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Hi, good morning. It's Eric on for Juan. I was just curious if you could talk about the cadence of same-store NOI post Bed Bath auction, and just understanding that any downtime at the stores could create some lumpiness year-over-year. Thanks. 
A - Conor Flynn: Yes. So on the same side NOI guidance, again, we left our guidance the same at 1% to 2%. For the second quarter as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we were at 2.3%. We will obviously have a little bit of headwind with the Bed Bath bankruptcies and the leases that we got back in the third quarter. But overall we feel very comfortable with the guidance range that we put out for the year. 
Ross Cooper : Yes, and with the downtime on the back filling of the boxes, obviously it varies based on existing conditions and the type of use that we're converting. So it could go anywhere from nine to 12 months. Slightly longer at the conversions are slightly more complicated, but right now that's more or less falling in line with what we've seen traditionally with our anchor activity as we've been closely measuring that and monitoring it for the last several years. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Caitlin Burrows of GS. Please go ahead. 
Caitlin Burrows : Hi, good morning. I know that this year you don't have any significant debt maturities, but you do have some in 2024. So I was wondering if you could talk about how you weighed paying off preferreds in the second quarter versus your cost of maybe 10 year unsecured debt today and that you do have 2024 debt maturity. 
Glenn Cohen: Sure, I'll take that. We have just under $650 million of bonds maturing in the first part of 2024. Again, we have cash on the balance sheet today. We have lots of liquidity obviously with our revolver, but our intent would be to take those bonds out before the end of the year.  In terms of pricing, again pricing moved around quite a bit, you know base rates have moved around. But I would say today, we are probably about 175 over on tenure, but with where it is, you keep refinancing somewhere in the 5.6 range, 5.7 range, relative to the bonds that are coming off that are at 2.7%, and have the other bonds have an effective yield of about 1%. 
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb : Hey. Good morning out there, and a nice touch on naming the tower The Milton. Connor assumed one day we'll see The Conor in apartment land.  So question for you; on insurance, not necessarily for you guys per se, but for your tenants. And Conor specifically you spoke about the strength of the small tenant, small shop opening. Given all the property insurance headlines we've been reading about, not sure how this affects business insurance. But is there a way that you know tenants can avail themselves of Kimco's wrapper that they pay into you and as a result get lower insurance rates or business interruption and the type of insurance that smaller tenants would avail themselves of, is not something that you guys want to play in. Just trying to think about ways that you can help your tenants given your size and scale. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, what I would say Alex is, overall we're always looking to try and be a low-cost provider and try and keep costs down as best as we can. Clearly property insurance has been a challenge this year in the market. Now, we do have a blanket policy, which avails us of a rate that blends all of our properties together, which we think does help us. This is a pass through to the tenants, but again, we do everything that we can to try and minimize it and look at the overall recovery rate that we can get. 
Conor Flynn: Yes, I think your spot on in trying to figure out how to use that as a strategic advantage, because we've talked about that a lot. Obviously the residential insurance market has gone through a whirlwind of pain. The commercial side of it, you know we've benefited from our portfolio diversity, and I think that sometimes goes unnoticed, where you know if you look at our portfolio and how we really continue to evolve it, we've got the benefit of having tremendous diversity of geographic spread that allows us to price extremely well in the insurance market. Even though individual insurers are obviously feeling the pain or one-off commercial properties are feeling the pain, we do have a big benefit there as Glenn said that we pass on to our tenant base. 
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho, please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning out there. I wanted to go back to the transaction line of questioning a bit and kind of rough. I understand the sensitivity in not wanting to discuss this Stone Bridge asset too specifically, but the press is reporting it to be a 7% cap rate. So can you talk a bit about where the market is today in terms of cap rates for the quality of assets you would be interested in buying.  And if you're starting to see some moving of cap rates from the 6% you discussed last quarter, and perhaps if there's something more specific here, perhaps the larger size, maybe a motivated seller that would be leading to the higher cap rate for this transaction. And then perhaps just how sellers are thinking about selling in this environment now facing higher interest rates versus perhaps the expectation of lower interest rate in the back half of the year. Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I think as we were top chatting about a little bit earlier, it's the neighborhood grocery centers that are bite size, that are all cash buyers, that aren't relying upon financing, are still pricing as aggressively as they have in quite some time in their sub-six cap range. When you start to get into the larger format and larger check size, there's a fewer bidders that can cut that check without finance contingencies, which ultimately leads to a bit of a higher yield. So you are seeing some of the $100 million plus transaction size, able to achieve a better yield than the smaller deal size.  In terms of the sellers, they are a little bit all over the map, but it's the dynamic of a lot of demand and fundamentals of our product continuing to be really strong. And owners and buyers that really want to own open air shopping centers. When you look at it, compare it to other asset classes, we’re in a really good spot. And I think that a lot of institutions have noticed that and it's sellers that are looking to raise capital.  It's a good place to be able to sell and still maintain relatively strong pricing, particularly for us that were acquired in the last couple of years, where shopping centers open-sir centers, never really gotten to those extremely low cap rates like some other sectors, so we've maintained our value in this sector really well. 
Operator: The next question comes from Floris van Dijkum of Compass Point, please go ahead. 
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks. I wanted to maybe have you expand a little bit more on -- occupancy keeps going higher here. There seems to be very little supply in retail. Maybe Conor, if you can give some general comments on where you think occupancy could trend. Obviously, near term it's going to go down in the third quarter. You've indicated because of the Bed Bath spaces you're going to get back. But how much beyond peak occupancy can this portfolio push in your view, and how do you position your company and how does your push into mixed use also help you boost your occupancy levels on a going forward basis. 
A - Conor Flynn: Sure, happy to take that one Floris. I think when you look at the demand drivers we have today, we're in sort of a new paradigm of retail, where we haven't had this breadth of demand for multiple different size categories. We've had it before in certain specific sizes of square footage boxes, but we haven't had it across the board in terms of you know large anchors, junior anchors, mid-size box and small shops, and that's where I get really excited about the future potential that we have, because we've really started to enter into a phase of retail, where for the last 12 years we've been at virtually no new supply.  Tenant demand continues to grow and we're starting to get the net benefit as well as new demand drivers, whether it's medical, health and wellness coming into the shopping center space, it's all about convenience and value, and mall tenants are starting to anticipate that as well. So you're seeing now that snowball effect starting to occur as well. Because originally it started with just a handful, but they are starting to gain traction as multiple mall retailers are looking to locate closer to where their consumer lives and works and plays.  And so when you think about the all-time high occupancy of Kimco in the past, I do feel like that's a look back and we're looking forward. The nice part about I think where we sit is, yes, we will get some Bed Bath inventory back in the third quarter. But we've got tremendous activity on those spaces. And as I mentioned before, the small shops are really encouraging. But I think that's where you're going to see significant upside versus our all-time high and I continue to see that breadth and depth of demand evolving.  The shopping center is a multi-use, multi-category and you add mix use to that component and all of a sudden you've got this dynamic where the amenity base that the shopping center is providing, is driving significant upside and rents to the apartment and vice versa.  The apartments, your built-in consumer base are driving sales to the retail. And so there is this harmonious effect that we're experiencing. And that was our original thesis when we started the mixed use program just a few years ago, and it continues to bear fruit. And obviously mixed use for us is focused on apartments. We have no percentage of NOI coming from office. We really like the combination of the apartments and the retail thriving off of each other. 
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinniss of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning. So regarding the Bed Bath and Tuesday morning boxes, how long do you expect it will take to fully lease all those boxes? What types of tenants are taking over those units and how are you thinking about bad debt expense guidance given the level of tenant credit events to-date and expectations through year end? 
Conor Flynn: Sure. So as we mentioned on the Bed Bath boxes right now, we have 10 resolved. We had seven that were leased and then three that were picked up through the two auctions. That leaves 19. We also mentioned earlier the activity that we currently have. We have around seven leases in process with the existing Bed Bath locations and we have a number of LOIs.  So we feel like we're in a pretty good position to exceed at least 50% plus obviously by year end in terms of getting resolved and obviously trying to push that as far as we can through the balance of this year.  As it relates to the Tuesday mornings, we have 11 that vacated in Q2. We'll have one other one that vacates in Q3. Three of which were picked up by assignment and five below we're very active in that regard. So you have a lot of those other midsize box tenants that are looking at, you have two far ends of the world, and others that are currently pursuing those boxes.  So I think from an absorption standpoint, we have a very good pace that we're currently on and that we're looking to maintain that through the balance of the year. 
Glenn Cohen: As it relates to the credit loss component to it, again, our guidance is 75 to 125 basis points. Through the six months we're around 80 basis points, so it’s towards the lower end of the range. It is though important to just keep in mind that our range, it really does account for some potential lost rent from unbudgeted vacancies. So we've kind of built that into the guidance and again, we remain comfortable with the guidance range that we've put out for the current year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Powell of Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning. I have a question on the lease, but not I guess commence the rent pipeline, which is now 300 basis points. What's the optimal number for that? I'm guessing it's going to go up in a few quarters as you sign new Bed Bath leases and whatnot. But when should these start coming back down and how have store opening trends evolved from signing to opening in the past few quarters? 
A - Glenn Cohen: Yes, so I mean the lease economic occupancy obviously expands through new lease activity and then also the loss of occupancy, right. So those are the two metrics that can expand or contract it. So you have obviously expansion of new deals that were signed this quarter, offset by some openings and offset in addition by some of the vacancies for Bed Baths, were at 300 basis points, $50 million in total. We would anticipate that the lease economic will fluctuate in the near term. As we continue to open new stores, we still have those other 19 Bed Bath that will be getting back this quarter, so that will have an impact on that number as well. But on a go-forward basis – I'm sorry, what's the rest of the question? 
Anthony Powell: When will it come down and what's the optimal? 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I mean. So I don't anticipate it coming down in the near term on a material basis for the next 12 months. 
Conor Flynn: I would just add, historically prior to the pandemic, that snow gap was running in the high 100 low 200 range. So again, as we continue to lease up further and the openings continue to catch up, you'll start to see it come down at that point. 
Glenn Cohen: Sorry, that was the other part of your question, it was the execution to RCD dates. We're tracking pretty well. Conor mentioned it in his script that we've seen a decline and the execution of RCD over the last two years has come down around 7%, which is a little bit contrary to what we’ve – I think anecdotally have shared in the past, because of supply chain issues, permitting issues, etcetera.  So when we looked at the total pool of our population of activity, I think you tend to focus on the ones that are more challenged to get through, but when you realize the volume of activity that we have on a regular basis, net-net when you average it all together we've actually seen modest improvements. I think that's hugely attributed to obviously the team, the tenant coordinators and the construction teams that are constantly out there in the market working with the tenants, early on in the process getting their plans and permits in place.  Working with the cities to get those permits issued, and then on construction, really working with the GC's collaboratively to get those tenants open and trying to order materials as soon as possible or repurposing the use of existing materials like HVAC equipment to limit that downtime. So net-net that's really a compilation of all of that that's helping drive the success here.
Operator: The next question comes from Dori Kesten of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Dori Kesten: Thanks, good morning. How would you describe your negotiating leverage today with prospective tenants and beyond rent increases where else is your leasing team currently pushing?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean the leverage, I think it's obviously been in favor of landlords over the last several years because of the limited supply. Very low new development has been a theme for years now and it's the – it was originally the COVID inventory. Now it's some Bed Bath inventory that are creating opportunities for tenants.  Again as Conor alluded to you earlier, you're seeing a lot of tenants expand their market share, wanting to grow into new markets, penetrate shopping centers that otherwise were not reachable before because the occupancy was so high. So given those opportunities, you're seeing a lot of those demand forces come into play, which obviously enables us to negotiate favorable terms.  At the end of the day we do a deal that works for both parties. It is a long-term partnership which is really important. So outside of rents it's obviously cost. The capability of our team to open a tenant, I think it's really important. That was a theme that came out of COVID. Whereas some other landlords may not have had the resources available that we do, that ensure the opening components for retail tenants which is so important for them to hit their growth numbers. So I think that's where you're seeing a lot of the strength and the growth and these longer-term partnerships that we have with our major retailers. 
Conor Flynn: You're also seeing the annual escalations continue to improve. Historically that business was running around, call it 2%, and now we're seeing it above 3% on annual escalation. So I think that on the small shop side that's really where you're seeing a meaningful pricing power shifting to the landlord side.
Operator: The next question comes from Ronald Kamdem of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem : Hey. Just quick questions on same store NOI and interest expense. Trying to get some breadcrumbs here as we're thinking about sort of next year. So you have minimum rent growth, 2.9%, call it 3% and in the quarter. As we're thinking about next year, is the bad debt really sort of the biggest delta, that 75 to 125 basis points, given that there's still some tenants on the watch list is number one.  And then on the interest cost, just can you provide a little bit more comment. You talked about refinancing that early ‘24 maturity this year, and as well as capitalize interest. Just maybe what are some of the things we should be mindful of? Thanks. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, on the same side NOI question, again, I would say that bad debt expense now is back at a more normalized level. So I think when we look at 2023 versus what will probably occur in 2024, that the bad debt expense should not have a dramatic impact on what happens within the same side NOI growth. I think we have to watch for the lease up activity, the baseof the lease up activity and then if there's potential other bankruptcy situations that would have an impact on it. 
Glenn Cohen: As it relates to the interest expense, again, the fair market value amortization that we've talked about continues to burn off. So there's about another $10 million less next year that will burn off. And then it'll really come down to the pricing of the next set of bonds relative to the bonds that we have today. So we do expect interest expense will certainly be higher next year. The goal is obviously for the operating portfolio to outpace the interest expense growth. 
Conor Flynn: And then on the capitalized interest side of it, there really should be modest changes in that, because we have The Milton coming into service this year and then we have the Suburban Square mixed-use apartment project coming in to the south as a redevelopment program. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paulina Rojas of Green Street. Please go ahead. 
Paulina Rojas : Good morning. You mentioned seeing good interest for open-air shopping centers from institutional investors. Can you please provide incremental color on the topic? In particular, what segments within this bucket you are seeing more active in the transaction market? And I'm sure it's difficult to say, but if you're sensing any interest in increasing their exposure to retail versus other asset classes? 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I think we've continued to see capital formations coming together. You have some strong operators in the market today that are aligning themselves with institutional capital, whether it be intentions or sovereign wealth. Again, I think open-air shopping centers in the United States, when compared to other asset classes, are as attractive on a relative basis as it's ever been.  So I think as we continue to see quarter-over-quarter, the fundamentals of our business remaining strong, and some of the worries of the macro economy subsiding to a certain extent as it relates to the consumer and to the open-air shopping center, it just gives a lot more conviction to buyers on the private side, as well as the institutional capital and our REIT peers here.  And so there's no shortage of capital. It's just a matter of making sure that the combination of a risk-adjusted return is fair. And again, as you're seeing it on a relative basis to other sectors, it feels pretty good right now. 
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Golladay of Baird. Please go ahead. 
Wesley Golladay : Hey guys. Good morning, everyone. Do you have an estimate of the range of cash leaving for a special dividend? Is there anything you can do to minimize it by the end of the year? 
Glenn Cohen: So we're still evaluating a variety of cash strategies to try to reduce the amount that would be required. It's still in flux today. I would say that by the end of the third quarter we'll have a much better handle on where we think that level will be. Again, we look at overall taxable income, the $194 million special dividend received from Albertsons goes into the total mix.  I don't think that the special dividend will be that large. We've already been able to mitigate it somewhat. But I think as we get towards the end of the third quarter before the next conference call, we'll have a good handle on it and the payment will be made by year end. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Kim of Truist. Please go ahead. 
Steven Kim : Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of questions on expenses. First, on taxes, it looks like the growth is pretty minimal. I'm just curious if, is there a timing element to this? What your views are on real-estate taxes going to next year. And on your recovery margins and when you compare the year-to-date numbers to last year, you're running at about 120 basis points lower recovery ratio. I'm not sure if there's a timing element with Bed Bath that's happening, but just kind of your overall thoughts on that recovery ratio going back up. Thank you. 
Kathleen Thayer : Sure, Steven. I'll take that. It's Kathleen. So, just on your question on the real estate taxes, for year-to-year we do see slight increases that happen at our properties, and we do expect to see that trend continue, so no anomalies there that we're seeing.  On the recovery side, as Glenn mentioned in his prepared remarks, we are seeing an increase in the insurance expense, and also due to inflation, we are seeing certain other categories that are increasing. So that is impacting that ratio of recovery that you are seeing on that same site NOI page. We are going to continue to monitor our controllable expenses, and we do anticipate that that will have an impact on the inflationary costs that we are seeing. 
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Linda Tsai : Hi. Where do you expect occupancy to end year-end, just given some of the moving pieces? And then, how do you think about the CapEx being allocated to the Bed Bath versus Tuesday morning boxes? 
Conor Flynn: I mean, occupancy, we anticipate you know probably having a slight dip in Q3. It's a 50-basis point headwind due to Bed Bath, but as we mentioned throughout the call, we're very encouraged by the activity that we've seen, not only through the Bed Bath, but all of the other box activity and small shop activity. So our job is to push as hard as we can to maintain the levels we have, and that's what we'll continue to do.  In terms of CapEx allocation, I mean we signed 26 anchor leases this quarter, which is the highest since 2017, and then you have to go all the way back to 2013 with that size volume. So obviously, there is a sizable allocation more towards the anchor boxes that you would see on a go-forward basis relative to say Tuesday morning. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Mike Mueller : Thanks. I was wondering, can you just give us a little bit of color on the types of Structured Investments you're looking at and how we should be thinking about economics? 
Glenn Cohen: Sure. You know, when we're looking at the Structured Investment Program, first and foremost, it comes back to the quality of the real-estate, as well as the quality of the sponsor and the operator. So we really have not strayed far at all from our acquisition criteria of what we would look to acquire, as to where we would look to put out preferred equity or MES financing. So we're staying very disciplined with that approach.  And as you've seen this quarter, we didn't do any new deals, because nothing fit the target. But we do think that in the back half of the year there will be some other opportunity that we'll be able to close on. So the pricing continues to be well in excess of our cost of capital, so it's a nice program from an accretion standpoint. But we do expect that our investment will be able to generate double-digit returns at a minimum, and hopefully with some upside participation it could be greater than that in the future. So that's really the way that we're evaluating that program today. 
Conor Flynn: The other nice component too is the preferred equity investments we make have a right-of-first refusal on it, which allow us again to have almost like a future acquisition pipeline. So it's building the Structured Investment Program to allow us to acquire those assets that we would love to own 100% of in the future as well. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks. 
David Bujnicki : I'd just like to thank everybody for joining us today. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks so much. 
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 14:10:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corporation's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. Thank you, Mr. Bujnicki, you may begin.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include, Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our quarterly supplemental financial information on the Kimco Investor Relations website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I will begin with an overview of the leasing environment and share how we are strategically well-positioned for long-term growth. Ross will then cover the transaction market, and Glenn will close with our key performance metrics and updated guidance. We are off to a great start to the year with solid first quarter results, including over 4.5 million square feet of leasing as we benefited from our combination of high-quality grocery-anchored assets emphasizing off-price retail and everyday essentials in first-ring suburbs, that makes us uniquely positioned to benefit from what we believe to be longer-term trends relating to consumers and retail strategies. We accomplished this leasing in the face of high interest rates, bank failures, signs of a weakening economy and troubled retailers. Our dedicated team and resilient portfolio not only withstood these pressures but outperformed. First, the consumer. While inflation remains stubborn, the Kimco shopper remains sturdy, as we continue to see healthy traffic reported across our portfolio. According to our large national retailers, the demand for essential goods, services and groceries, continues to be strong. In addition, the flexible hybrid work environment is creating more opportunity for shoppers to frequent our centers. Finally, omnichannel shopping continues to outperform pure online shopping, as optionality is the winning formula by providing consumers the convenience of shopping online and picking-up or returning at the local store. Request to expand our nationally-recognized curbside pickup program continue to grow from our entire stable of national, regional and small-shop tenants. In addition to the resilient consumer, leasing demand and the ability to push rents continues at a robust pace due to the lack of new supply and high barriers-to-entry at our highly desirable locations. The demand for new space is well diversified, for the mix of new deals this quarter, spread among off-price, grocery, sporting goods, fitness, health and wellness, medical and fast casual dining. As part of our focus on obtaining the highest and best use of our properties, we also secured two new entrants to the Kimco portfolio this quarter. A Tesla dealership in Austin, Texas, and a market by Macy's in San Diego, strong leasing supported by this robust well rounded demand is reflected in our new leasing spreads of 44%, a five-year high. Occupancy bust the seasonality trend of dipping after the holidays and gained 10 basis points. Thanks to our team's stellar efforts and our small shop leasing initiatives. During the first quarter, we anticipated some space coming back from underperforming retailers, including Bed Bath & Beyond, who just filed for bankruptcy this past week. This has been widely expected, and we've been well-prepared for this outcome, as we have actively marketed all of our Bed Bath basis for some time. To highlight our successful efforts, we started the year with 30 Bed Bath leases. During the first quarter, we sold one location and released three boxes, including two we recaptured with a mark-to-market spread of 24%. Regarding the remaining 26 Bed Bath leases, we are either in lease or LOI negotiations on 22 locations with the mark-to-market spreads similar to what we have executed to date, which exemplifies the strong activity from a diverse pool of retailers looking to expand. The remaining four locations are either being marketed for lease or of potential redevelopment candidate. The lack of supply and inability to meet new store target is a constant refrain from our retailers during our portfolio reviews and remains key catalysts for the lease up of these locations. It is also why our retention rates for the portfolio continue to remain well above historical levels, at 90% this quarter. With this pace of retention and the strong leasing demand, we believe that over the long-term, we should see an improved underlying growth rate for our business. Further enhancing the value of our first-ring suburbs locations, is the increased demand for industrial and residential assets. This competition for land or conversions makes the cost of new retail development even more prohibited, which will further reduce supply for potential new retail. And when you combine the rising rents in the residential sectors with the competitive redevelopment advantages at our existing locations in the first-ring suburbs, the opportunity to add more mixed use density provides us the long-term opportunity to drive further growth and value creation. In the end, strategically, we are well-positioned for what could be a choppy second half of the year and beyond. With our open-air high-quality grocery-anchored portfolio producing record results, our leverage metrics at all-time lows, along with our significant cash position, we are positioned for growth and we'll look to be opportunistic when others cannot in our quest to outperform on a sustained basis. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. I'll begin with the market for transactions, which remains restrained given the volatility in the capital markets and elevated borrowing costs. Transaction volume was down across the board in the first quarter. However, what has remained constant is the significant demand from both institutional and private investors for high quality open-air retail. A healthy level of equity capital remains patiently waiting on the sidelines for opportunities to acquire our product type as the property fundamentals continue to improve within this retail sector. Notwithstanding the improving operating fundamentals, investors are seeking higher cap rates to offset higher cost of capital. At the same time, however, supply remains limited with sellers holding out for higher pricing unless they face refinancing or other pressure to sell. How long this stalemate last is the ultimate question. Despite these broader market conditions, we have found ways to selectively and accretively put capital to work. On the last earnings call, we mentioned the two Southern California grocery assets we acquired from one of our JV partners. Subsequent to the call, we were successful in buying out a third grocery-anchored site in Southern California from the same partner. This property is a dual grocery-anchored site with a smart and final traditional grocer in addition to a Trader Joe's. We are excited to add these three strong performing grocery assets to our wholly-owned portfolio despite the market conditions I described. We also added a new structured investment into our program in the first quarter and $11.2 million subordinated loan on a Sprouts-anchored shopping center outside of Orlando, Florida. As with all of our structured investments, we retain the right to acquire the asset in the future in the event the sponsor looks to sell. This property is another great addition to the structured portfolio with a very attractive return at a very appealing basis on our investment. As it relates to dispositions, we previously mentioned the two Savannah, Georgia power centers we sold back in January. Prior to quarter-end, we sold a third power center in Gresham, Oregon. To my point earlier that it is taking longer to transact, we've been working on this since the fourth quarter of last year and successfully closed at the end of March. While we don't anticipate a significant number of dispositions in 2023, the sale of these three centers reflects our efforts to ultimately own a portfolio consisting of primarily grocery-anchored retail centers and mixed-use destinations in our top major metro markets. All-in-all, we are in a great position to continue to be opportunistic, should current owners start to feel more pressure to transact. Our strong liquidity allows us to move quickly and aggressively on the right acquisitions or joint venture buyouts and to be financially helpful to owners that need an infusion of capital for debt pay-downs or asset repositioning, utilizing our structured investment program. I will now pass it off to Glenn for an update on our financials and outlook.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. Our solid first quarter results demonstrate the strength of our high-quality operating portfolio as evidenced by increased occupancy, robust leasing spreads and positive same site NOI growth. Furthermore, we bolstered our sector-leading liquidity position and improved our leverage metrics with additional proceeds received from our Albertsons investment. Now for some details on our first quarter results. FFO was $238.1 million or $0.39 per diluted share as compared to last year's first quarter results of $240.6 million or $0.39 per diluted share. Notably, last year's figures include a charge of $7.2 million or $0.01 per diluted share for early repayment of debt. Our first quarter results were driven by strong NOI growth, largely due to higher consolidated minimum rent of $14.5 million. This increase was offset by higher bad debt expense of $7.1 million as the current period had a more normalized credit loss level as compared to last year, which benefited from credit loss income due to reversals of reserves. In addition, pro-rata NOI from our joint ventures was lower by $3 million, mostly attributable to asset sales and higher bad debt expense. Other factors related to the change in first quarter results were higher G&A expense of $4.8 million and pro-rata interest expense of $6.6 million. Although interest expense was higher in the current period, last year included a $7.2 million charge for early repayment of debt. The uptick in G&A expenses was largely driven by higher staffing levels following the Weingarten merger, as well as greater expenses related to the value of restricted stock and performance units awarded. The increase in interest expense stem from lower fair market value amortization, linked to the previously repaid above market Weingarten bonds as well as higher interest rates associated with floating rate debt in our joint ventures. Turning to the operating portfolio which continues to produce positive metrics fueled by the increase in occupancy and strong leasing spreads mentioned earlier. Same-site NOI growth was positive 1.4% for the first quarter. However, it's worth noting that this figure would have been even stronger at 4.2%, if we excluded the impact of $4.6 million of credit loss income from the previous year, compared to $4.3 million of credit loss expense for the current period. Nonetheless, we are encouraged by the composition of the same-site NOI growth which reflects a 430 basis-point increase from minimum rents and reduced abatements as well as a 100 basis-points boost from higher percentage rent and other rental property income, offset by lower recoveries of operating expenses of 110 basis-points. Overall, these results demonstrate our continued focus on driving strong revenue growth across our portfolio. As it relates to our Albertsons investment, during the first quarter, we received a special dividend of $194.1 million, which is included in net income, but not FFO. The Albertsons' special dividend is considered ordinary income for tax purposes, thus we are evaluating the need to make a special dividend to our stockholders at some point this year to maintain our compliance with REIT distribution requirements. In addition, we sold 7.1 million shares of Albertsons stock, generating net proceeds of $137.4 million. It is our intention to pay the tax on the capital gain from the sale and have recorded a $30 million tax provision, which is also excluded from FFO. This strategic move will allow us to retain approximately $107 million for debt reduction and/or accretive investments. Subsequent to quarter-end, we sold an additional 7 million shares of Albertsons stock and received net proceeds of $144.9 million. In the second quarter, we recorded a tax provision of approximately $32.7 million for the capital gain component. While it's great that we have significantly monetized this investment, it's worth noting that we also benefited by approximately $0.01 per share of FFO per quarter from the ACI common dividends paid. Going-forward, we will no longer benefit from the same amount each quarter, given the significant monetization today. Currently we hold 14.2 million shares of Albertsons, which has a value of approximately $300 million. We ended the first quarter with over $2.3 billion of immediate liquidity comprised of over $300 million in cash and full availability of our recently renewed $2 billion revolving credit facility. Our leverage metrics continue to improve with consolidated net debt to EBITDA of 5.8x, and 6.2x on a look through basis, including our pro-rata share of joint venture debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding. The look through metric of 6.2x represents the best level since we began reporting this metric in 2009. As I just touched on, during the first quarter, we renewed our $2 billion revolving credit facility with 20 banks. The facility now has an initial maturity date in March 2027 with two six-month extension options, bringing the final maturity date to 2028. This is a green facility, initially priced at adjusted SOFR plus 77.5 basis points. The borrowing spreads can increase or decrease up to 4 basis points, based upon our success in reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions. Based on our current progress, the borrowings spread has already been reduced by 2 basis points to 75.5 basis points. Turning to our outlook. Based on our first quarter results, the monetization of Albertsons shares and expectations for the balance of the year, we are tightening our FFO per share range to $1.54 to $1.57 from the previous range of $1.53 to $1.57. We are lowering our lease termination income assumption by $10 million to a range of $4 million to $6 million with more than half already received in the first quarter. Initially, we believe the transaction in the first quarter would result in lease termination income. However, when we reviewed it in more detail, given the complex accounting treatment, we arrived at a different conclusion. Our previous assumptions remain intact regarding same-site NOI growth of 1% to 2%, which includes credit loss of 75 to 125 basis points. And now we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on Bed Bath & Beyond and just kind of the shape of how these closures and then potentially coming back online, how that's going to affect the financials? So this does mean that we should expect kind of 60 basis points of rent coming off and 100 basis points of occupancy coming off and then over-time, we get that back kind of next year and the $8.5 million of rent kind of comes back and they are kind of $10.5 million, say like, does that and what would be the timing of when that would kind of comeback online?
Ross Cooper: Yes, good question. So, I would say what you just articulated would be sort of the worst case scenario in the sense that everything went out. Nothing was, yes, purchased at auction for a side, which is -- in a back that is yet to occur. And we anticipate happening in June, end of July, so there could be some impact to that to the positive, considering the competitive landscape that is a very real possibility. In terms of the activity, as Conor articulated, unless this three boxes that we've already leased, 26 have remained, 7 of those were rejected in the day-one motion. We're at least with over half and have LOI's on the balance, all of which are single-tenant backfills which helps reduce the conversion and the downtime to get a tenant reopened. So that's positive. The balance of the boxes that the majority of those are all also single-tenant backfill opportunities and we are either at lease are at LOI stage, the handful that Conor mentioned in his script, we are assessing real redevelopment opportunities for those as a potential or we look to do a single-tenant backfill. So we are in a great position from where we see, obviously, the lack of muted supply, no retail development on the horizon for the years to come. Retailers are really seeing this as the opportunity to grab that market share and expand their portfolios in these key markets.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, Michael, we're a bit ahead of where we thought we'd be. As you saw, we raised the lower end of our guidance even with -- without the termination income that we anticipated and a lot of that is attributed to the environment that we're in today for high quality locations like Bed Bath & Beyond have. So, as you can see the diversity of demand is quite strong. We're in a good spot to really -- by June we'll really have a better understanding of which ones are coming back to us. But we're not waiting for that. We're being proactive is lining up replacements with very strong leasing spreads.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi.
Craig Mailman: Hi, good morning, everyone. Conor or Glenn, maybe, I want to follow-up on that last point you guys effectively raised guidance a half penny at the midpoint despite having a drag in lease term fees. It looks like effectively a $0.02 raise. Can you just walk through exactly what's driving that, because the operating assumptions didn't look like they changed all that much?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, sure. Again, it's really driven by the rent commencements. So we are a little bit ahead of plan. What's driving it. Also the timing of investment activity and then the impact of what we get in terms of the bankruptcy situation. So we are a little bit ahead of schedule what we had budgeted. So we are comfortable with raising that lower-end of the range.
Conor Flynn: Yes. And I think one of the big drivers too for us to get comfortable with raising the bottom-end is the retention rate. As I mentioned earlier, that's really driving a significant amount of cash-flow growth for us. And when you look at where we thought we'd be versus where we are today, we are ahead of schedule there.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Floris van Dijkum: Great, guys, I've got a question, I guess in two-parts. Number one, I would like maybe if you can walk us through the lower NOI margin and expense recovery for the quarter and what was behind that and how does that impact your views towards maybe fixed CAM or having pure just on a inflation-adjusted basis your recoveries struck. And then the second part is, in terms of Philadelphia, I noticed there was -- your Philadelphia portfolio is lagging quite a bit. I think something like 480 basis points in terms of occupancy relative to the rest of the portfolio. If you can give us maybe some more details behind that and if that's specific to maybe potential redevelopments or some other opportunities or is that just market has been less good than some of the other ones?
Conor Flynn: All right. I'll take the second one first and then I'll kick it over to the rest of the team to address the margin. As it relates to Philadelphia, it's just related to the Kohl's transaction, where we took back two of the Kohl's leases as part of that transaction in Q1, which we knew were already vacant. So that was the add there.
Glenn Cohen: The rest of the Philadelphia portfolio is quite strong and actually trending at or above when you look at it from the whole portfolio.
Carmen Decker: Floris, just on your NOI margin question and your expense recovery question. You look at the NOI margins and you actually take a look at the credit loss that's in there and you pull that out from both periods, your margins are more in-line. So that's really the driver on that decrease that you're seeing on the page. And then when it comes to the recovery, there were some expenses that we front-loaded for the quarter. But when you look at where we're going to land for the year, we're still comfortable with that same-site NOI of 1% to 2%. So it will level out on the recovery side as the year goes on
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. Just hoping you could talk a little bit about the investment market, what asset values or cap rates you're seeing or what's being transacted at a couple of deals both on the buy and the sell-side in the first quarter? And how that compares to the mezz lending opportunity that seems to be a growing opportunity set for you?
Ross Cooper: Sure, as I mentioned in the remarks I made, it is a little bit of a stalemate right now. So the transaction volumes are way down. You are seeing certain deals get done in the first quarter. We did see some transactions occur in the 5s, similar to pricing from last year, but they are fewer and farther between. When you look at sort of the bid-ask spread, it's very deal specific. So as I mentioned, there are a buyer that are still looking for higher cap rates and sellers that are holding firm because there's really not any sort of forced situation with lenders who are cash flow situation or challenges. So from that perspective, we were successful in acquiring three shopping centers from our joint venture partner that was looking for some liquidity. So it's really just about staying opportunistic and ready with the capital which we have. As it relates to the mezz financing and our structured investment program, that is also something that we're obviously very focused on, hitting one transaction in the first quarter, but again because there really hasn't been any forced sales or distress situation as it relates to the lending community, they are a little bit more challenging in terms of sourcing right now. But having lots of conversations hang around the group and we're ready to move as soon as those opportunities present themselves.
Conor Flynn: So the only thing, I would add is that we are seeing pretty significant capital formation for our product. I think for a period of time certain folks are on the sidelines, looking at open-air, specifically grocery-anchored shopping centers. We're having a lot of inbound requests for dialog to potentially have new capital at our call for investment purposes. Obviously, we're sitting with a tremendous amount of cash today. So we're looking at the opportunity set internally, but it is nice to see a significant amount of capital formation for our product.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hi, good morning. So a question on the depth of demand across your portfolio. Would you say it's pretty evenly spread among anchor, junior anchor, small-shop, et cetera, an outparcel or is one area much deeper and actually more focused on which areas are sort of the latest in backfill demand and how you sort of [indiscernible] up those are spot that you would expand or subdivide. I'm just trying to think about where the areas of least amount of demand are in space across the portfolio?
David Jamieson: Sure. Good question, Alex. So I'd say we're seeing pretty consistent demand across the square footage at this time. Historically, sort of that, a tweener, 68,000, 69,000 square feet has historically been a little bit lighter than the smaller shops or -- we're from 1,000 or 5,000 and then the anchor boxes 10,000 over. But even in that category, we've seen great demand. A lot of people coming out of the malls, whether it'd be Sephora. And others that are looking to backfill that particular box category has really been a benefit. So we'll continue to push that. As it relates to the anchor activity, flash out the Kohl's impact for anchor boxes this quarter. We would have been up another 20 basis points from last quarter. So we would have been at 90 instead of 98, we would have been 98.2. As we continue to see that and goes back to earlier point that there's just no new development supply that's coming online here in the coming years. And so these rare opportunities where you get availability and good locations, you are going to jump on those and stretch a little bit to make sure this is secure, because they don't see anything else on the horizon. And they have to have that growth profile in their book.
Conor Flynn: The only thing I would add is that, the retailers are getting less rigid on their square footage requirements. So when you look at the typical prototype, whether it's a small shop and mid-size box or an anchor box, typically it's now opportunistic where they're looking at the space available versus their prototype and making it work, which obviously lends itself to our business because if you can backfill the entire space with one tenant, the CapEx load goes down dramatically and that's what we're experiencing on the Bed Bath boxes.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore.
Samir Khanal: Hi, good morning, everyone. Conor, can you talk about the shop leasing environment and how you think that'll fair in this sort of this cycle? We've seen the bank failures here and that impacts the smaller tenants. So how are you thinking about credit environment for the shops that they go into a potential slowdown here? Thanks .
Conor Flynn: The shop space, as you've seen it with our occupancy growth continue to be the bright spot. I mean, it's really interesting, if you think about the diversity of demand and what's driving that, it's pretty remarkable. I think we're at a point in the retail evolution, where the last mile or closest retail destinations where you live and where you work, has really adopted, I would say, a hybrid retail environment where it's medical, it's services, it's essential goods and services, it's grocery, it's health and wellness, it's physical. It really is interesting to see the diversity of demand driving that small shop growth opportunity for us. And I think when you look at the ingredients of where we see the demand drivers, I think it gives us a lot of confidence to say that with this portfolio, we can drive a higher small-shop occupancy rate than we've ever experienced before. And again, it's because of that diversity of demand. Now, it's going to be interesting if the economy really does get worse and there is a pullback. Some of the small shops that didn't make it through COVID, I would say we're still in a position where we're backfilling those locations with higher credit, better operators. And so we -- I think we're starting from a higher-quality, higher credit portfolio of small shops today.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: Hi, good morning. So, Conor, I guess, we understand the timing of bad debt is one of the factors that can play a key role, a swing factor in how core growth plays out here in the next year or two. But I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit about the cadence for same-store NOI growth this year? And then, as you look ahead given the snow-related occupancy visibility and the demand that you're seeing, what type of ballpark the same-store NOI growth, is that -- could that get you to for next year. I think most of us see this as a long-term 2% to 2.5% same-store NOI business. Curious if you think you can tap the long-term average next year? Thanks.
Conor Flynn: Sure, thanks for the question. And I think when you look at, again, the fundamentals of our business, now there's going to be some lumpiness obviously quarter-to-quarter, with the Bed Bath and maybe some of the other retailers that we're watching, and how the auction process plays out, because that will really determine the lumpiness of how much NOI comes offline. But, I do believe, as I said earlier that the fundamentals of our business are quite strong and with virtually no new supply and very high retention rates, we should see, I think, a longer-term growth rate that's above the historical average. And we're also pushing for higher annual increases. When you look at the bumps we're getting on our small shops, they are higher today than they were at the trailing four quarters. The same goes with our anchors. They are higher today than they were in the trailing four quarters. And if you look back multiple years, they've have been trending higher. So that bodes well for obviously a fundamental re-rating of our growth rate going-forward. But there's a lot of things that may or may not occur for that to happen. So it's hard to extrapolate what the future is going to hold, but where we stand today, we're very confident about the strategy we put in place and executing on that strategy is showing up in the internal growth rate, the pricing power that we have today. In terms of the cadence of the same-site, I'll turn it over to Glenn.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, I think, if you look at bad debt component to it, again, we're comping against bad debt income from last year - for the current year. So when you look forward, we really have a more normalized what we expect to be a more normalized bad debt level. So I think that that part at least should keep us in good shape to be able to grow the same-site NOI growth, really organically from the rent bumps that Conor was saying.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning. I guess, question on percentage rent. I saw that ticked up to close to $6 million in the quarter. Can I get a run-rate, and what's really driving the growth in that segment?
Glenn Cohen: It's a great question but some of it is timing. We've been very proactive on getting sales were puts out to tenants and the collections in the first quarter were higher than what we had originally budgeted, but some of those collections that came in, were from tenants that we had budgeted to be in the second quarter. So you'll see it starts to dip down as we go through the year. So the first quarter is a little bit ahead of where the budget was.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning, everyone. Maybe just a follow-up on the small-shop side. I know there's a concern that small-shop tenants may be more negatively impacted by tighter lending standards. So what are you hearing from them? Has there been any change in their ability to run their business? And then at the same time, do you have a breakdown of what portion of the small-shop tenants or actually small businesses versus larger national businesses that happened to operate in the small place?
Ross Cooper: Yes, it's a great question and it's something that we're very closely monitoring, because we would anticipate that there would be the one that would be most impacted by the pullback of local and regional banks and their ability to lend. Right now we haven't seen a material impact on, obviously, on the deal velocity. Hence, our Q1 numbers and those businesses ability to operate. But it's something that we're closely watching and monitoring through the course of this year to anticipate -- see if there's any cracks in the system. But right now, things are holding up pretty well.
Conor Flynn: And we do have a breakout at our Investor presentation of the small shops that are really more local versus really the national and regional players and we are heavily weighted towards the national and regional players. The only thing I would add is, we have a better communication than we've ever had with all of our retailers, primarily because of what the pandemic really forced a lot of us to do, which was again, have constant dialog with our retailer partners. And handling the PPP program as we did, gaining access to our small shops and the way we have, given them the opportunity to access capital in times of need. I think we have very close ties now with our partners and our retailers that we believe will hopefully be able to weather this next storm.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, good morning. Two questions. First, I noticed that you guys started the development on Coulter Place. Looks like it's a preferred equity investment with the Bozzuto Group. I was just curious if you can provide some more color on the structured pricing and if the income from that preferred equity investment is based on the dollar they put to work or is it all upfront. And second question, going back to Bed Bath & Beyond, I guess what is part of your thinking in your budget? Are you assuming that they all eventually shut-down and you get it back or -- I was just curious about how that configures your budget?
Ross Cooper: Yes, I'll take the first one on Coulter. So yes, the Coulter project is our first multifamily activation in our preferred equity structure. As for this up, you'll see that the gross cost yield for that investment will be approximately 5% to 6%, which is consistent with what you'd see historically as multifamily projects developing towards. As a result of our preferred equity structure though, we are able to contribute the land as well as our pursue cost in a preferred yield. And blended together with some additional contribution to common equity, we're able to achieve a yield that exceeds our current cost of capital, which makes it accretive to us and hit that low-double-digit return that we're looking for. So right now we're excited. Bozzuto is one of our partner, very-very qualified and established player in the business. And it's a great property. So it's a good first effort on this structure.
Conor Flynn: On the Bed Bath question, we are anticipating getting them all back. I think that's the better way to budget as to just not anticipate anything being sold in the auction process and having the associated downtime and leasing costs with these box. So I think that again is incorporated in our budget and in our guidance.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss: Thanks. Two-parter here as well. First, Ross, apologies if I missed this, but could you discuss the cap rates achieved on the acquisitions and dispositions this quarter. And then for the follow-up on cost of capital, are you willing to use the low cost Albertsons cash to offer lower cap rates to sellers and potentially get them off the sidelines or how are you thinking about your cost of capital and targeted investment yields?
Ross Cooper: Sure. I didn't mention that, but I'm happy to address that. The acquisition cap rate on the grocery-anchored centers that we acquired in Southern California were lending right to around 6%. And when you look at the spread on the dispositions, it was about 150 basis point spread. So that's really the year one cap rate. What we're most focused on is what the growth profile of those assets are. You find them up compared to each other. So we see outsized growth. From the grocery-anchored center that we acquired, whereas the power centers that we sold would either be flat or even potentially moving negative. So that's really the focus, thinking about recycling into -- high-quality grocery-anchored centers versus the power centers that we sold. In terms of the low cost of capital from the Albertsons, I mean, it's a great position to be in. Obviously the hurdles are a little bit lower from the Albertsons capital that was achieving around a 2% dividend yield. Now that being said, it really is a balance for us between trying to move aggressively and put the capital work and being patient for opportunities that we expect will present themselves here in the back half of the year. So we're not looking to necessarily overpay or set the market just to get people off the sidelines. But we can move very aggressively and quickly if opportunities present themselves that we would really like. So it gives us a lot of flexibility with liquidity position that we have.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley.
Ronald Kamdem: Hi, just one quick question and a follow-up. So the first is just on capital allocation priorities. Can you just remind me how you guys are thinking about stack ranking? Is it sort of acquisitions in the fixed range? Is that some of the structured investments given tightening lending conditions? What sort of makes the most sense right now? If you could sort of flip though on, what would you ramp-up on? And then the follow-up question is sort of a related Bed Bath & Beyond question, but it seems like you guys are sort of ahead of that 15% and 20% mark-to-market, really interesting. But as we think about sort of what's coming down the line, what's coming next, Party City and things like that, you just compare contrast how you guys are thinking about that box size, mark-to-market demand, anything would be sort of helpful, so we can get a sense what that potentially could look like?
Glenn Cohen: Sure, so on capital allocation priorities, one, two and three, we always say are leasing, leasing, leasing. So you start there and obviously, the fundamentals of our business continue to shine. Followed by that the highest return for us for these smaller redevelopments where we can activate parking lots and create a pad parcel or expand in existing shopping center, that was typically yield in the double-digit range, and so we like to activate those as many as possible. We typically run the range of $80 million to $90 million a year so of those projects and we're looking through the portfolio to try and generate more of those unique opportunities. After that, typically as a blend, the structured investment program as well as core opportunities, as well as the preferred equity and then the mixed-use redevelopment, put essentially. You look at the suite of opportunities there and you try and make sure you blend to a cost of capital that obviously reflects where we are today. We are in a unique position, where we have a lot of Albertsons capital to deploy. But as Ross mentioned, we're continuing to be patient there and look for those flat pitch that unique opportunity to really take advantage of dislocation and we've done it before and we'll do it again and we continue to think we're well-positioned to be opportunistic there.
Operator: Thank you.
Ross Cooper: Sorry, Repeat the question of the Bed Bath.
Conor Flynn: It was related to the other tenants coming down Party City and their box size.
Glenn Cohen: Sure, sorry. Party City, in terms of box size, 12,000 to 14,000 square feet. Right now we don't anticipate -- none of them have been rejected. So we are we're in pretty good shape there. And then with Tuesday morning and David's bridal, Tuesday morning, is a similar in size. David's bridal is smaller in nature, more on that under 10,000 square feet.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: Yes, hi, sorry, if I missed it earlier. How much of your full year credit-loss expectation of 75 to a 125 basis-points was realized in 1Q.
Conor Flynn: So the credit loss for the first quarter was around 95 basis points. Again, in-line with where guidance is. And it accounts for the impact of the bad debts that we had Party City's and some of David's Bridal.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Looking at the operating goals for mixed-use, I guess I was surprised that wasn't going to grow a little bit more from the 13% to 15%, given the added multifamily resi units you're projecting. And then as you get past that 2025 goal, may you accelerate the mixed-use redevelopment? I mean, you have a pretty extensive list of things you have that you're pursuing entitlements and future projects.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it is good question, Craig. Obviously we've ramped program from virtually zero to where it is today in the last three to four years. So we have seen continued growth in the mixed-use platform and we like the fundamentals of really how they drive value to each other. The retail really drives value to the residential and the apartments because of the amenity base that it provides. And the apartments drive a lot of value to the retail because you have a built-in shopper base and the traffic patterns continue to uptick there. So it is one that will continue to monitor. We did activate a project this quarter as you saw. We like the opportunity to activate our CapEx light structure. So again, it doesn't weigh down our growth opportunities. We have a select few that are still active right now on-the-ground lease that are be stabilizing later this year. The same goes for the Milton at Pentagon is about to open here and we're excited about suburban square having a mixed-use component with the residential there. We think we can really hopefully drive a lot of value there. Going-forward, we'll continue to obviously hopefully crush that goal of 15% from mixed-use and then reevaluate the next really the master plan for each asset and how much we can ramp that again using a CapEx light structure where we can showcase the growth of the underlying portfolio and still create value for our shareholders longer-term.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Alex Barron with Baird.
Alex Barron: Hello, thank you for taking my question. So quick question on the plans to use the pretty big cash position has been built-up, should we expect that large cash position and balance be there throughout the year or at least until the potential special dividends. What's the plan there.
Conor Flynn: Yes, so the plan is really to be opportunistic. And again, we're going to be patient, if the opportunity doesn't present itself and we're very comfortable maintaining the cash position until it does, but in the interim, we're having lots of conversations with all of our JV partners, talking to a lot of brokers and owners that may need capital as the year progresses. So to the extent that we can utilize that capital accretively. We're very comfortable doing so. Otherwise, but just we for the right opportunities.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Mike Mueller: Yes, hi, two quick ones here. First how diversified is the pool of tenants that you're talking to you for the Bed Bath releases and then is it safe to say that you're largely finished with the Albertsons monetization this year?
Conor Flynn: Yes. I'll do the Albertsons first. With both transactions that we did one in March, one in April, we are done for the year. So those proceeds and the gains from them are about as much as we can do including the special dividend that we receive relative to our gross income. So we will hold onto the shares for the remainder of the year and then look for further monetization in 2024.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, in terms of the diversity, it is a healthy and diverse pool. You have your usual suspects, obviously in the off-price category, rose your interest, furniture, fitness, entertainment uses. And then within each of those categories, you're getting a variety of names as well. So it's nice to see that type of diversity for these boxes.
Conor Flynn: Mike, one thing to keep in mind too is, there are some -- with the off-price wars that are going on right now and they have a lot of demand for new space, you could see some of them being very aggressive in the auction process because of the unique attributes of the Bed Bath leases which would allow them to get into centers that they may previously not be allowed to because of use per head - used provisions. So it'll be interesting to watch what happens there.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is a follow-up from Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: I just a follow-up on the off-price wars. Are you seeing rental rate increases result from the off-pricers competing with each other?
Conor Flynn: Yes. I mean, when you have more than one bidder at the table that creates a competitive environment. So obviously - and as a result of that, you can see some price increases on rent for boxes.
Operator: Yes, thank you. That was all the-time we have for today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Conor Flynn: Thank you very much for joining the call today. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you, and thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy.  Thank you. Mr. Bujnicki, you may begin.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include, Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors.  During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our quarterly supplemental financial information on the Kimco Investor Relations website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, I will provide a quick recap of our major accomplishments for 2022 and share some of the progress we have made on our longer-term strategic goals. Ross will follow with an update on the transaction market and Glenn will report on our earnings results for Q4 and our guidance for 2023. At Kimco, we believe a winning strategy is one that can be successful in any economic environment. It needs to be opportunistic, have multiple growth drivers, and be resilient during downturns. A winning strategy also needs to be easy to understand and be supported by a best-in-class team to implement and execute on it.  The Kimco strategic plan meets all these criteria and that is why we are so proud of our 2022 results and excited about our longer-term prospects. If the ultimate measure of evaluating a strategic plan is results then it is abundantly clear that we are on the right track. 2022 was a banner year and the fourth quarter was again outstanding from a leasing perspective as our team achieved some recent and all-time highs across many of our key metrics. This includes strong overall occupancy that finished up 40 basis points pro rata to 95.7%. This represents a recovery of nearly 90% of the COVID inventory we experienced and only 70 basis points below our all-time high. Year-over-year, overall occupancy was up 130 basis points, which is one of the highest year-over-year gains we've experienced. Contributing to our strong results was a 20 basis point sequential and a 90 basis point year-over-year rise in anchor occupancy to 98%. Small shop occupancy increased 80 basis points sequentially to 90% and was up 230 basis points year-over-year. In 2022, we leased over 11.5 million square feet, which is the highest level on record. Specifically, we ended the quarter with 152 new leases totaling 795,000 square feet, exceeding the five-year average new lease GLA for the fourth quarter. Our new lease spread was very strong, 30.4% and includes new grocery leases with Whole Foods and Albertsons. We closed the quarter with 340 renewals and options totaling 1.7 million square feet exceeding the five-year average for renewals and options GLA for fourth quarter. The spread on renewals and options was 4.6% during the quarter with options ending at 8.5% and renewals at 2.7%.  Total fourth quarter 2022 leasing volume was 492 deals, totaling 2.5 million square feet at a combined spread of 8.7%. We experienced only 99 vacates, totaling just 305,000 square feet in the fourth quarter, which is 37% lower than the prior five-year historical average for the fourth quarter. Our mixed-use entitlement initiatives reached new highs in 2022 as we continue to unlock the highest and best use of our real estate. We set another Kimco record by entitling 2,805 apartment units in 2022, bringing our current total entitlements to 5,461 units.  Combined with the 2,218 apartment units we have already built and 1,139 units that are under construction, this brings our overall total to 8,818 units and we are well on our way to our upsized target of 12,000 by the end of 2025. Our percent of ABR for mixed-use assets is now up to 13% and we continue to use a CapEx-light strategy to activate projects by either ground leasing or joint venturing with best-in-class apartment developers. Turning to 2023 and beyond, we believe our platform advantage is just beginning to demonstrate its potential. Efficiencies of scale often take time in multiple cycles to play out, but thus far, it is clear from our performance throughout the pandemic and during 2022 that both our strategy and efforts are being validated.  Our unmatched diversification, our access to capital, our internal and external growth profile, our large-scale M&A experience, our CapEx-light mixed-use redevelopment strategy and our opportunistic investment record are just some of the differentiators that characterize Kimco. That said, we can't rest on our 2022 accomplishments. We know 2023 will require a full team effort to produce another year of sector-leading results.  We are also encouraged by the fundamental strength of our operating business, limited new supply, high retention levels and robust retailer demand for quality space such as ours makes for a healthy leasing environment.  While we anticipate leasing velocity and retention rates to continue at elevated levels, we can't ignore the macro environment and the potential for credit defaults to revert to the mean, that is why our 2023 priorities include additional focus on controlling expenses, upgrading the credit and merchandize mix of our tenant base, and attracting recurring customers. One of the keys for Kimco in 2023 will be to expedite tenant openings and compress the least economic occupancy spread of 260 basis points that represents approximately $43 million of annual base rent that is not yet contributing to cash flow. While our size and diversification have significantly reduced our exposure to weaker credit tenants, we still need to be vigilant and proactive.  We need to closely monitor our tenant watch list, anticipate changes and turn them into opportunities. Bed Bath & Beyond is a case in point. Subsequent to year-end, we sold a shopping center with 1 Bed Bath, reducing our exposure to 25 Bed Bath, one Cost Plus sublease and four buybuy Baby locations.  At this point, we know that Bed Bath is planning to close six stores. Of those locations, we already have two leases executed, two ready for execution and two with active LOI negotiations with a combined potential spread of over 12%.  We are also in active negotiations with retailers on the balance of the portfolio, representing 60 basis points of Kim's share ABR, of which 10 basis points relates to buybuy Baby. This level of activity proves we continue to see strong demand from a diverse set of retailers for the vast majority of these well-located boxes, which are primarily in desirable demographic areas where there is virtually no new supply.  Leasing, leasing, leasing will continue to be our mantra in 2023 and together with a solid balance sheet, strong free cash flow and ample liquidity including further potential monetization of our Albertsons stake, we are poised to take advantage of any dislocation and ready to pounce as opportunities present themselves. We have made meaningful progress towards our stated 2025 goals, both on the operating and earnings front, along with further strengthening our balance sheet. Specifically, we have improved our debt maturity profile and increased our portfolio of unencumbered assets while minimizing exposure to floating rate debt.  At Kimco, we are never satisfied with the status quo and our entrepreneurial team is laser-focused on building upon our past achievements and advancing what we believe to be as our best-in-class platform and portfolio.  You will see the continued evolution of our portfolio composition through a mix of our unique leasing strategies, including adding grocery anchors where feasible, entitlements, redevelopments and data analytics and tools that give our platform a unique advantage. With our focus on owning and operating the last mile open-air grocery-anchored shopping centers, along with a growing portfolio of mixed-use assets, Kimco has come a long way in a short period of time and we all collectively believe that the best is yet to come in our efforts to maximize long-term shareholder value.  Ross?
Ross Cooper: Good morning. I hope everyone is having a great start to their year. I will quickly touch upon a few additional details on the fourth quarter and year-end before getting into the current environment and our external growth expectations for 2023.  As previously mentioned, in the fourth quarter, we closed on the $375.8 million acquisition of eight open-air retail centers from a privately-held portfolio based in the high barrier to entry Long Island, New York market.  With five of the centers grocery-anchored, this acquisition is well aligned with our long-term investment approach, utilizing a combination of cash, the assumption of below-market fixed rate debt and tax deferred down REIT units, we were able to structure an accretive transaction for this generational portfolio.  We are very excited about the potential to create incremental long-term value on these properties with our leasing and our operating platform. Also in the fourth quarter, we closed on another unique opportunity for our structured investment program. We had previously mentioned the $22 million participating loan on a three-property grocery-anchored portfolio in Pennsylvania. In just over four months, our borrower sold the assets for a sizable gain. As such, our loan was repaid and we received a $4 million participating interest. On an annualized basis, our investment yielded a 76% IRR. These two transactions serve to reinforce our already strong operating results. Subsequent to the fourth quarter, we kicked off the year by disposing of two slower growth commodity power centers located in Georgia, which included several watch list tenants, including Bed Bath & Beyond.  We recycled the capital from the sale of these two properties into a 1031exchange on two high-quality open-air grocery-anchored shopping centers in Southern California that were previously held in one of our institutional joint ventures in which Kimco owned a 15% interest. We were successful in securing and purchasing our partners 85% stake of these two last mile centers located in Huntington Beach and Tustin anchored by Avon's Grocer and a soon-to-open 99 Ranch grocer. The demographic profile for the area includes a combined average three-mile population approaching 200,000 people, an average household income in excess of 120,000. In the coming years, we anticipate the growth profile on the two acquired assets will far outpace that of the sold properties in Georgia, a trade-off we continually seek as our portfolio enhancement efforts continue to generate outperformance. We also expect partnership buyouts to yield additional opportunities for us as we move ahead.  As far as the transaction outlook for 2023, we believe Kimco has an enviable position in a market marked by uncertainty and inefficiency. For 18 months through mid- to late '22, liquidity in the sector was abundant and capital was relatively inexpensive.  We saw Open Air necessity-based retail rise to the forefront of investors' minds and appetites with other sectors such as industrial, multi-family and self-storage setting all-time low cap rates, and sectors such as office and enclosed malls experiencing operational challenges. Fast forward to today, the conviction in our focused asset class, open-air grocery-anchored last-mile necessity-based retail remains strong. However, access to capital has certainly tightened with elevated borrowing costs. Institutions such as private REITs, opportunity funds and pensions have seen redemption requests and withdrawals.  This has created additional uncertainty on pricing and a once extremely efficient market has become much less predictable. We view this as opportunity. Kimco has the strongest liquidity in the company's history with over $2.1 billion from cash on hand and our line of credit and our unique access to additional low yield and capital in the form of Albertsons stock, which we expect to continue to monetize in 2023. We plan to take advantage of our position with a combination of select open-air grocery-anchored acquisitions, continued partnership buyouts where appropriate and mixing in opportune structured investments that present themselves in an environment with substantial dislocation. Dispositions will be modest in 2023 as our portfolio has proven to be in very healthy shape with only a select level of pruning and sales of non-income-producing land parcels and holdings. We are excited about the new opportunities that 2023 will bring and while we anticipate that there will always be challenges, we believe we have positioned Kimco to take advantage of the uncertainty to create additional long-term value. I will now pass it off to Glenn to talk about the financial results and forecast for the year ahead.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. We finished 2022 with solid fourth quarter results highlighted by strong leasing activity, which produced an increase in occupancy, positive leasing spreads and same-site NOI growth.  In addition, we further enhanced our liquidity position with the partial monetization of our Albertsons investment. Now for some details on our fourth quarter results. FFO was $234.9 million or $0.38 per diluted share. This compares to fourth quarter 2021 of $240.1 million or $0.39 per diluted share, which includes about $0.01 per diluted share related to the valuation adjustment of the Weingarten pension plan. Worth noting, this is the first quarter with the full impact of the Weingarten merger included in the year ago comparison. The key reasons for the $0.01 per share decrease are higher consolidated NOI of $6.5 million, offset by higher pro rata interest expense of $5.6 million. Other items included higher G&A expense of $2.9 million from the increased personnel levels as part of the Weingarten merger and cost associated with the UPREIT conversion and a $3.2 million change in the Weingarten pension valuation I just mentioned. The growth in consolidated NOI is comprised of higher minimum rent of $12.1 million, higher lease termination income, percentage rent income and other rental property income totaling $2.5 million offset by higher credit loss of $10 million, with $3 million of credit loss in the fourth quarter 2022, as compared to $7 million of credit loss income in the comparable quarter. Our operating portfolio continues to deliver positive results. Same-site NOI growth was 1.9% for the fourth quarter 2022, comping against 12.9% for the fourth quarter last year, bringing full year 2022 same-site NOI growth to 4.4%.  During the fourth quarter, same-site NOI benefited from higher minimum rents and lower abatements of $13.7 million as well as higher percentage rent of $0.8 million compared to the same quarter last year.  These increases were offset by higher credit loss of $9.5 million, primarily related to reversals of reserves in the prior year quarter and a normalized level of credit loss for the current period. The minimum rent component contributed 3.9% to the same-site NOI growth, while credit loss was negative 3%. Turning to the balance sheet. During the fourth quarter, we monetized 11.5 million shares of our Albertsons stock, receiving proceeds of $301 million. This sale generated a capital gain for tax purposes of about $250 million.  In order to maximize the amount of proceeds we were able to retain from the sale for future investment and debt reduction, we elected to pay the income tax on the capital gain of approximately $57 million allowing us to retain $244 million. Further, our shareholders are eligible for a pro rata credit of the federal income tax we paid. We've added an FAQ on our Investor Relations website that provides further detail on this. We ended 2022 with a very strong liquidity position comprised of $150 million in cash and full availability from our $2 billion revolving credit facility. Additionally, after year-end, we received a $194 million special dividend from our Albertsons investment, and continue to own 28.3 million shares currently valued at over $600 million. As of year-end 2022, our look through net debt to EBITDA, which includes our pro rata share of joint venture debt and preferred stock outstanding was 6.4x and represents an improvement of 0.2x from the 6.6x level at the end of 2021.  Our weighted average debt maturity profile is 9.5 years and we have only $50 million of mortgage debt maturing in 2023. Now for our 2023 outlook. We remain confident about the growth prospects of our operating portfolio. But as we mentioned on our last call, we anticipate earnings headwinds due to higher levels of credit loss more consistent with pre-pandemic levels, as well as higher interest expense compared to last year. Also, as I touched on, in 2022, we benefited from credit loss income of $7.4 million, which amounted to about $0.01 per share for the year. Our initial 2023 FFO per share guidance range is $1.53 to $1.57. The guidance range is based on the following assumptions: positive same-site NOI growth of 1% to 2%.  Included in the same-property NOI guidance range is a credit loss assumption of 75 basis points to 125 basis points representing a credit loss ranging from $15 million to $22 million. No income attributable to the collection of prior period accounts receivable from cash basis tenants. Lease termination income between $14 million to $16 million with a substantial portion being received in the first quarter of 2023, an increase in pro rata interest expense of $20 million to $28 million, most of which is attributable to lower fair market value amortization to the Weingarten bonds paid off during 2022 and higher interest rates on the floating rate debt in our joint ventures. Total acquisitions, including structured investments net of dispositions of $100 million, subject to timing. Monetization of approximately $300 million of Albertsons shares subject to timing. Also, the $194 million special dividend received in January will not be included in FFO. Annual G&A expense of $123 million to $129 million, with the first quarter higher due to the timing of annual equity grants. No redemption charges or prepayment charges associated with callable preferred stock outstanding or early repayment of debt obligations and no planned issuance of common equity. And with that, we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Goldsmith from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Mike Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Last quarter, you talked about reverting to an initial credit loss expectation of 75 to 100 basis points kind of in line with the historical levels. Your guidance is 75 to 125 basis points, so a little bit higher at the top end. So, what are you seeing in the market? What is the scenario reflected by the high end of the range? And do your concerns extend beyond the usual suspects that we've been talking about? Thanks
Glenn Cohen: Hi, Michael, it's Glenn. Again, we took a hard look at just the overall portfolio and look at the – really the environment that we're in today. And there is a little bit more risk. We've started to see some more bankruptcies than we have in the past years and we felt it prudent to just widen the range a little bit and that's just baked into the guidance and it takes into account really the scenarios that we see both top and bottom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Good morning, everybody. I guess, Conor, can you provide a little bit color on the timing of the monetization of the $300 million of Albertsons shares, which you mentioned in the guidance. Just trying to think through the allocation of that capital proceeds and maybe along that just expand on the opportunities that you talked about, right in your opening remarks as well. Thank you.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, happy to. Thanks, Samir, for the question. Look, we think that the capital coming from the Albertsons investment is a big differentiator for Kimco. We've already received a special dividend as we talked about in our opening remarks. We do have the opportunity to monetize another portion of our Albertsons shares similar to what we did last year and the same type of range of value.  The expiration of the lockout is end of May. So that really sort of showcases when we have full potential to take advantage of that and then we have a – Ross can talk a little bit about the menu of options we have to reinvest those proceeds. It's a real opportunistic investment that is going to actually really reward our shareholders because when you think about it, you don't have to issue any equity this year.  We have this investment that's really coming back to us now to redeploy into our core business, which should generate significant earnings growth, not necessarily in this year, but obviously, in the out years, that's where the long-term value creation is really going to shine.
Ross Cooper: Yes, and in terms of the opportunity set, I mean, we've talked about our different acquisition verticals. We're having lots of conversations in all three components of that. But as I mentioned in the remarks, we do anticipate that there'll be continued partnership buyouts. We were able to execute on the acquisition of two assets from a partnership at the beginning of the year.  We're focused on potential additional structured investments as we start to see some additional dislocation in the market. And then depending on where pricing is and if we see a thong of the market to a certain extent, we'll be active on acquiring open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers. So, we like the fact that we have all three opportunity sets that we can be nimble when they present themselves.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the time. Just curious, Glenn, if you could lay out a little bit more some of the assumptions behind the guidance, mainly what's assumed, I guess, for Bed Bath and Party City in the bad debt? And is that the driver of the lease term fees that you noted something chunky in the first quarter? And if you could just provide any expectations where you think occupancy will end the year at, please?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, so as far as the credit loss, again, we know that there are several bankruptcies. Party City, obviously, filed already. Bed Bath & Beyond, obviously, seems to have found the lifeline for the moment. But we have taken into account really all the scenarios around Bed Bath & Beyond in our overall guidance.  And again, as I mentioned, as it relates to the credit loss, again, we did widen the range a little bit to just deal with what we're seeing in the current marketplace today.
Conor Flynn: And as it relates to the LTA that you mentioned, income in the first quarter, it's associated -- the majority of it is associated with the deal structure that we did with Kohl's. As consideration to the LTA, we helped restructure a lease with them for two locations where we were able to recapture those opportunities just in – one being just in Northeast Philly and the other one just outside of Philadelphia, across the border in New Jersey. And then third to that, we're also able to recapture fee title of an operating box that's a shadow of one of our centers as well. So net-net, there is a positive on both sides there. As it relates to occupancy, it is always fluid throughout the course of the year, depending on the outcomes of Bed Bath and Party City. There could be some volatility on the anchor side of it.  Small shop is extremely robust right now, a tremendous amount of activity there. As you see us now crossing over 90%, which is great. So we'll continue on our stride and hope to meet and exceed our goals.
Glenn Cohen: We do anticipate a little bit of Q1 normalcy of potential, what we call jingle mail, of tenants closing after the holidays and seeing a little bit of a dip in occupancy in Q1, which is traditional seasonality for us. So we think that, that's, again, reverting back to the pre-pandemic ways of the historical averages.
Conor Flynn: And Juan, just to remind you that LTA income is not included in our same-site guidance as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg McGinniss from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning. Glenn, I just had a quick point of clarification. When looking at the corporate financing disclosure in the stock, which looks to be about $9 million to $20 million higher for 2023. What's the delta between the pro rata interest expense that's $20 million to $28 million higher?
Glenn Cohen: Right, so that's a great question. So the corporate financing line that you see is really the consolidated portfolio, that's our interest expense and the cost of our preferred. Included in the portfolio contribution above is the pro rata share of the joint venture interest expense and that's about $9 million to $10 million higher than it was last year and again, that's attributable to the rise in rates. There was more floating rate there, debt in the joint ventures.  We have actually swapped out about $0.5 billion of debt in the mid – top of 5% range. So we fixed it, a good portion of it, but that's what's causing the $9 million to $10 million increase over last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Floris Van Dijkum from Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. I had a question on your small shop. Obviously, the – very nice pickup in occupancy there. Maybe if you can talk about the spread between occupied and leased and also maybe where your peak small shop occupancy was previously and where do you think you can get it to this cycle?
Conor Flynn: Sure. Floris, Happy to take that. So just to reconcile for us, on the lease economic overall, we're at 260 basis points that was compressed down from 280. So we're down 20 basis points there, which shows two things. One, we're able to get these tenants open and operating, which was a huge achievement considering some of the activity in the environment right now.  So we had a lot of openings in Q4. Outside of that, too, with all the gains in occupancy that you saw as well as in Q4, gaining 40 basis points overall and bringing our small shops up to 90%. As it relates to small shops, specifically, we are at 340 basis point lease economic spread just around $23 million or so baked into that. So there is a huge opportunity there to actually bring those tenants online.  Obviously, you see that growth in the coming quarters, which we're excited about. As we move forward. So, we feel pretty good about that. And then finally – yeah and then our high watermark on small shops was at 91.1%. That was in Q4, I believe it’s 2-19. So our goal is always to meet and exceed our high watermark levels and we'll continue to do our best to achieve that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Mailman from Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman : Just a question on the leasing environment. I know everyone is pretty focused on the sustainability of it. As we look at the economic weakness coming relative to previous cycles, it's a little bit more telegraphed, maybe and maybe expected to be more garden variety. So I am just kind of curious, as you think about tenant behavior, maybe between anchored and small shop, right, and the timing of where we are today versus maybe the coming is at the end of the year?  And how these tenants look at when they need to lease stores for store openings. I mean, is there any thoughts around whether just the timing of a potential recession, relative to when people need to open stores that the leasing demand could continue at a level maybe above expectations just because the space needs for ‘23 were already leased previously and if the recession is not so deep. Key parts you are going to look out for '24 and '25 openings. I'm just kind of curious your thoughts there and whether there's any big difference between anchor and small shop behavior?
Conor Flynn: Yeah, a great set of questions. All rolled into one. So I think you first start with the fundamentals, right? And the fundamentals here on – there is no new development supply on the horizon in the coming years. The COVID inventory that we've talked about in past quarters and continue to talk about now is really the inventory that's available.  Some of that inventory may increase as a result of any bankruptcies, Party City, Bed Bath being the two obvious ones right now as potential to get some space back. But that still is representing a very limited amount of inventory to actually backfill. When you look at us, we're at 98% on the anchor is 90% on the small shops. For high-quality retail, it's really, really hard to find. So the retailers, I think what they're doing is they're seeing through this and saying, hey, where do I find growth, not just next year, but years two, three, four and five. If there's no new supply, I really have to take advantage of what opportunities I see today to set myself up for growth potential going forward to hit my own targets and so I think you continue to see that.  And some lessons learned from past cycles that it's really hard to ramp up a program to find new stores and to grow and to open them and then to shut it down and then try to reramp it again. You're always kind of playing a game of catch-up and you tend to miss the better opportunities early. So I think for some of those well-capitalized retailers, they've sort of seen through that and said, let's continue on our plan.  Let's continue to source and find new opportunities, knowing that if we sign a lease say, midyear'23, we can be looking at a '24, maybe in some cases, a little bit further out as that opening. And as you've seen these market cycles compressed in terms of cycle through the program of dipping and then recovering. It's the time of recovery seems to be compressing much quicker.  So by the time you get these stores open, the intent, hopefully, is that you're if we do go through a bit of a dip that you're on the backside of that and already you're opening during a growth cycle again. So those are a lot of the conversations that we continue to see. On the small shop side, you're seeing service-based tenants, restaurants, et cetera, continue to open and find opportunities. There's still some of that COVID inventory out there that had fully fixturize units that operators can go in and start to operate quickly. We will continue to watch that closely.  Obviously, the discretionary side maybe the full-service restaurants and some entertainment see how that plays out in this coming year, if there's any disruption in terms of the broader markets, but people are really kind of looking through it right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Sorry about that. So, just wanted to follow-up, if I could, Ross, on the transactional market comments. You made things, obviously, a bit stalled out there. Retail volumes transactions were down 60%, I think, in the fourth quarter, and we're still here with a pretty wide bid-ask spread out there.  So I guess, I am curious what you're seeing in terms of maybe cap rates for the quality of open air centers you'd like to own? And given your cost of capital, what's your hurdle rate or maybe where would asset price need to be for you to get more active? Thanks.
Ross Cooper: Yes, it's a good observation. And to your point, it is still somewhat wide in terms of the bid-ask spread. It's a nuanced market. So every deal is a little bit unique. I would say, historically and in most cycles, it's a pretty efficient market.  But right now, it's fairly inconsistent. So you are seeing select deals getting done but it really depends on having two motivated parties to do so. I would say that we're in a position where we're not forced to do anything. So when the market comes to us, we're happy to continue to invest and to put our capital to work. On the acquisition side, and I would say the partnership buyout side that are pretty closely aligned, we're seeing pricing where deals make sense to us, somewhere in that low six cap range. Now certain sellers are, in many cases, are still looking for pricing from 12 months ago in the low 5s, and that's where you're seeing a lot of the deals going out.  But to the extent that we can obtain assets that are 100 basis points higher than where they were a year ago with very strong fundamentals that really haven't changed based upon all the comments that you heard from Dave and the team here and we feel really good about putting to work in that in that range. And then when you factor in or layer in our structured investment program, which has a higher yield currently in the high-single-digits or low-double-digits, that sort of blends together to get us above our hurdle rate and make our acquisition pipeline and our program accretive from an overall standpoint.  So we'll continue to look to put money to work if we find those Otherwise, we'll continue to stay patient as the year progresses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. What is your expected expectation on consumer sales and/or traffic at your properties in '23 versus '22?
Conor Flynn: Hey Craig, great question. So we're off to a good start in 2023. The traffic that we've experienced thus far has been above 2022 levels. I think the consumer continues to gravitate towards the shopping center towards the grocery anchors that we have, towards the off-price users that are getting great value and convenience. So that continues to show well.  The future is still a little unclear. That's why I think from a guidance standpoint and from what we're talking about, we're not necessarily sure what the second half of the year looks like. And so as we've all been talking about so far, so good, the retailer demand is robust. The consumer continues to gravitate towards our product, and we see virtually no new supply on the horizon.  So as we continue to monitor the situation, we feel like the business is on very strong footing allows us to really see into the consumer and their habits. And so far, it looks like we're really delivering on what the consumer is looking for.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning. So you guys have done a great job increasing your entitlements across all of your different sites. Can you just provide a kind of high-level path for the next couple of years of how you are thinking about monetizing it? And second, when I look at your supplemental on the development section for some of these ground leases, multi-family ground leases.  Can you just help me understand that a little better because if I look at the value that is contributing at and the yield is – it doesn't seem to make sense because the land contribution value should be much higher even after taking account for the higher yield. So just if you can help me understand that a little better.
Conor Flynn: Sure happy to. Good question, Ki Bin. So it's a long-term strategy for us. As I mentioned in the – in my prepared remarks, we want to activate these entitlements using a CapEx-light strategy, meaning that we really want to increase the value of the asset, unlock that highest and best use without putting a tremendous amount of capital out that doesn't necessarily return a high yield during the construction and development process.  So what we've done is tried to entitle as much as we possibly can across the portfolio, layering in projects each year, so that we can activate – we've been running around 1,000 units a year of how much we have in the active pipeline. We've built over 2,000. We've got a little over 1,000 in the pipeline today. We continue to want to set this up for a long-term value creation.  So it gives us optionality and flexibility to look at each asset and look at those entitlements and say, which should we monetize, which should we ground lease and which should we contribute to a joint venture?  And so the way we've been doing it is we've been monetizing the office entitlements. We've been ground leasing assets where we have multi-family rights filled, but we think that, that market may need a little time to mature.  So in essence, the ground lease gives us time to activate the project without having a lot of capital at risk, but then having a right of first refusal on it to bring it into the core upon the right time and place or the contribution to a joint venture where we see the project is right to participate in the economics and the cash flow growth.  So that's the way we've set up the program. We continue to think that long term, it's a great way to create value on the asset, and we'll continue to monitor which of the – what's the right time to monetize those if we see fit. But that's the way the projects continue to evolve and we've seen great results in terms of being able to actually create an environment, a mixed-use environment, where the multifamily feeds the retail and the retail feeds the multifamily.  And that's the flywheel you're trying to create because you're actually generating higher than market rents on the retail and even higher than market rents on the residential when the environment is complementary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Thanks. Let me try to sneak in two really quickly. Really appreciate the cash flow statement you put in the supplement, I think you guys are one of the only ones that do that. So it's really helpful. So I see cash from operations here at $861 million and presumably, that's being held back by the large tax bill that you sort of incurred this year, so you can maybe get to a $900 million number.  When I am thinking about sort of sources and uses, you've got a dividend that you got to pay out $550 million, maybe another $150 million to $200 million for CapEx. Is it I think about it right that presumably next year, you are in the $150 million to $200 million range of just free cash flow that you could use for whatever? Is that the right thinking?  That's number one. And then the second was just would love an update on your thoughts on Albertsons, Kroger.
Conor Flynn: I'll take the first part, for sure. Yes, the free cash flow expectation is around $150 million for 2024. And again, kind of hit on all the – I am sorry, for 2023. You've kind of hit on all the points, right? We have really the free cash flow after dividends, FX, TIs and leasing commissions. And then that's based on the current dividend level at $0.23 a quarter or $0.92 a share for the common. You're right on track with that.
Ross Cooper: And then your question about the Kroger-Albertsons merger, we're watching it just like you are. It's an interesting process that they have to go through. Clearly, there is still some hurdles to get over, but it seems to be tracking and continues to move forward. We'll watch it as closely as we possibly can. You've seen the earnings results from both. They are very strong. They both have very complementary portfolio.  So it's one that if the merger were to go through, I think it's a net-net win for Kimco and our shareholders. But if it doesn't go through, obviously, they are both very well capitalized, strong performers, good grocery operators. So we are watching it closely and it's not necessarily clear yet what's going to happen there.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. Good morning, out there. And if I could, just give an end of – towards the end of Q4. So two-part. One, Conor, I think you mentioned12% rent spreads on the Bed Bath. I think some of your peers have been more like 25% or 30%, so I didn't know if that's mix?  Second, Glenn, what gets you to the bottom end of the range? Because it seems like you guys have baked in a ton of bad stuff into your guidance already, which I am assuming is more of the midpoint. So I'm just sort of curious, what gets to the bottom-end of the range.
Conor Flynn: Alex. So on the first question on the 12%, that's on the six that we have visibility where we are lining up leases to backfill all of those individual users to take the entire box. On the entire Bed Bath portfolio, you're right, it's a bit higher. We have a 15% to 20% type of range and again, some of those might be opportunistic and we can reposition those boxes.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I mean in terms of getting to the bottom end of the range, again, more credit loss above what we've baked in could potentially get you there. I mean, at the high end of that credit loss range of being in that $22 million range. You also have some timing issues, right? Timing of when we would monetize our Albertsons investment and the redeployment of that cash comes into play.  The – you also have the retention of tenants versus vacates, so there's a whole assortment of potential timing issues that kind of come into play. So if everything happened later or vacate happens faster, you could wind up more towards that bottom end of the range. But that's kind of how you get there.
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Golladay from Baird. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hey, good morning, everyone. I just have a follow-up on that Bed Bath question on the 12% spreads. Is there any box splits on that? Is that the reason why they are potentially a little bit lower spread?
Glenn Cohen: No, not right now. There's no box splits on those. Spreads are productive like the vintage of the box, right, maybe some of the older boxes that we have in the balance of the portfolio. Our older leases started at lower rents. Some of them are slightly newer. So it does range. So I think you have to take a broader view on spreads, in general on where you see opportunities.  And I think referring back to Conor's comment about that 15% to 20% over the entire portfolio. This is just a small subset of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Powell from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning. Question on your 2025, I guess, goal of 2.5% same-site NOI growth, given minimum rent growth of 4% and higher given kind of the strong lease spreads and whatnot. What gets you from that 4 plus to 2.5%? It seems a bit conservative now given the strength of the business?
Conor Flynn: To your point, we've actually been running ahead of that goal. Traditionally, this business has run around a 2% growth profile and clearly, obviously, with the transformed portfolio and a lot of the last mile retail reinventing itself using online as a way to connect to more customers and getting more value out of the last mile store, I think, is the game changer. So your point is well put. I mean, we've been obviously running ahead of that. It's one that we thought a 2.5% plus. That's the target, not 2.5%, 2.5% plus. And so again, exceeding that is our goal and that's what we've been doing so far. So cycles are constant in real estate. And so you've got to make sure that you recognize that over a longer term. We obviously experienced a COVID rebound at really generated outsized results.  And so, as we go through another cycle, it will be – in my opinion, we should probably reset the bar a little higher, but we'll have to wait and see and see how things play out. But so far, so good on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yes. I am curious, are you seeing any UPREIT opportunities at this point? Or was the – I guess, the change just some longer-term planning?
Conor Flynn: Yes, so in terms of the UPREIT conversion, it really is intended to be an additional tool in our toolbox. So it's a bit early in terms of finding opportunities to utilize it as we just recently converted. But as you saw with the Long Island portfolio that we acquired last year, we have utilized tax strategy and tax deferred units as a way to differentiate ourselves in a competitive marketplace.  So, we do anticipate that there will be opportunity to utilize it. We'll be selective with it because it is still a form of capital that needs to be accretive when we utilize it. It is something that we've considered for quite some time now. It was previously a bit cost prohibitive, but things have changed in terms of some of the transferred taxes in certain states and so it was – we felt the appropriate time to do it now versus in years past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paulina Rojas-Schmidt from Green Street. Please go ahead.
Paulina Rojas Schmidt: Good morning. Can you please remind us where the CapEx per square foot of tenant box stands today? I understand that every situation is different, but if you could provide some ranges, maybe framing it at either a single tenant replacement or a box split, it will be very helpful. Thank you.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, I mean, unfortunately, it is. Every case is different and whether or not it's doing an as is in your handover issuing them a TI check or if you're actually doing a build-to-suit, it's going to range vastly between a single tenant use, a box split or an expansion to actually combine two boxes together for a larger tenant, all has implications and then related to electrical roofing, facade renovations and whatnot. So, I would – what I would say is that it's been consistent over the course of several years. Obviously, we've had inflationary pressures that we've had to navigate through as used with Switch Gear, HVAC, et cetera, that adds some pricing to your overall conversion of a box. But fundamentally, it hasn't changed all that much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Tayo Okusanya: Hi, yes, good morning. I just wanted to go back to a question that Haendel asked just about the transactions market. Again, the color you provided about making at deals at sub-six cap rates is helpful. But just trying to understand the $100 million of net investment that you guys do have in guidance, exactly what does that comprise of?  And how do you kind of come up with that number within the context of how you are thinking about the transactions market and your current liquidity?
Conor Flynn: Sure. Yes, the $100 million net acquisitions, it's a baseline number that we're starting the year with. As I mentioned in the response to Haendel's question, we feel that we're in a wonderful position where we're not forced to do anything. We are waiting for the market to really come to us and when you have a motivated seller, we can move ahead on that transaction.  So we started with a modest guidance that we think that we can certainly achieve and as we see further opportunity as the year progresses, as we showcase our ability to monetize the Albertsons investment and reap the benefits of that additional cash, we're confident that we'll be able to use it. But for now, we've kept a relatively modest guidance range that we'll look to update as things progress over the course of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Tsai from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Ross, can you give us color or anecdotal data regarding private REITs opportunity funds and pensions being redemption requests and withdrawals are opportunities coming to market and from past cycles, is there a tipping point where you start to see a wave of opportunities?
Ross Cooper: That's a great question. It's well publicized as we've all been reading about. I would say that it's a bit more nuanced in the sense that each individual company has their own strategy as to how to obtain that liquidity that they're seeking. We do anticipate in having conversations with a lot of these different groups that there will be some assets that get shaken loose in the process.  But you have to realize that a lot of these companies are generalist investors that own all asset classes. So I think they're going through their own internal analysis as to where they deem most appropriate to look to move certain assets whether open-air grocery sort of aligns with that strategy is yet to be seen. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there are certain asset classes that have been extremely aggressive in terms of the cap rates that they have commanded. So for those companies that have recently acquired multifamily or industrial or self-storage, chances are that they are not looking to move those assets today, at a price that is lower than what they obtained those assets just in the last 12 or 24 months. On the opposite end of the spectrum, there is other asset classes that are much more challenged in terms of an investment profile and the ability to move those assets. So, we do expect that open-air grocery is an asset class that has retained its value as well as any, so that's what we are sort of waiting for, and those are the conversations that we're actively having each and every day.
Operator: That is all the time we have for today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to David Bujnicki for closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: We'd just like to thank everybody who joined our call today. Otherwise, enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corporation’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. Thank you. Mr. Bujnicki, you may begin.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco’s quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today includes Conor Flynn, Kimco’s CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco’s Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. Also, in the event our call were to incur technical difficulties, we’ll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we’ll post additional information to our Investor Relations website. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks Dave. Today I’ll kick things off with a brief update on our strong operating fundamentals and our strategic plan as we navigate what appears to be an uncertain and challenging macroeconomic environment. We’ll also follow with an update on the transaction market, then Glenn will close with our financial metrics and update guidance. First our results. Another strong quarter continues to validate the quality of our portfolio and our talented team that each continue to shine. These two constants will continue to serve us regardless of the ever changing external environment. The current supply and demand landscape continues to benefit Kimco as retailers prioritize our portfolio of open air, high quality grocery and good shopping centers and mixed use assets, positioned in first ring, last mile suburbs and major metro markets. Sequentially, total occupancy finished up 20 basis points pro rata to 95.3% and year-over-year occupancy was up 120 basis points due to positive net absorption. Anchor occupancy increased 20 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 97.8% and was up 90 basis points year-over-year. Small shop occupancy ended flat sequentially at 89.2% and was up 190 basis points year-over-year. It is worth noting that small shop occupancy would have been up 10 basis points this quarter, but for some vacancies associated with our recent acquisition of two grocery anchored centers in Fishtown, Philadelphia and Massapequa, Long Island, which had a 10 basis point impact on our overall small shop vacancy. We view these vacancies as future upside and have leasing activity on all 10 of the small shops at these properties. During the quarter we signed 146 new leases totaling 620,000 square feet. Our new lease rent spreads were 16.5% with Burlington replacing a vacating Bed Bath & Beyond in the Southwest, a notable driver. This is indicative of the embedded value in many of our older leases, including that former Bed Bath and Beyond boxes which have a mark-to-market upside ranging from 15% to 20%. In the event we are able to recapture these Bed Bath and Beyond spaces, we have a variety of backfill candidates such as grocers, dominant omni-channel players or off price retailers, many of which have already showed interest in those boxes. With virtually no new supply in over a decade, our strong credit tenants are finding it difficult to meet their new store opening targets and have been aggressively pursuing opportunities. Nothing accentuates the supply and demand and balance more than the heightened attention levels we continue to experience. During the quarter we closed 315 renewals and options totaling 1.5 million square feet. Third quarter renewals and options spread were 6.2% with options ending at 7.9% and renewals at 5.2%. We reported only 111 vacates totaling 430,000 square feet this quarter which is almost 20% lower than the five-year historical average for third quarter vacates. Overall third quarter deal volume was a record at 461 deals totaling 2.1 million square feet with a combined spread of 7.5%. Notwithstanding the favorable demand, we continue to monitor the quality of our tenant base and remain confident that the tenants who have endured the pandemic with Kimco are battle tested and have a higher credit quality. We are mindful of the current inflationary environment and the potential shift in consumer behavior. With that in mind, I want to highlight our strategic priorities that has already put us in a strong position and which we believe will enable us to continue to outperform. At Kimco we always focus on creating long-term value. Building a business for multiple cycles, multiple Black Swan events, is not easy. In the last five years it seems we have experienced more frequent once in a lifetime events than in previous decades combined. And a critical component of our success in navigating these occurrences all starts with our team and our culture. We are fortunate to have a seasoned, energetic and diverse team and Board Directors that understand it takes resolve and patience to allow our strategic plan to be executed. We prioritize integrity. We’re doing the right thing as embedded in the culture and working together through adversity can be highly rewarding. Having the right people is unequivocally essential for weathering economic cycles and we are laser focused on building out the best team. Our team building efforts have not gone unnoticed. We are proud to be the only public company to receive a great place to work in real estate award as voted by our employees. We take sincere pride in continuing to elevate and nurture the Kimco culture and serve as a leader in the industry. Another priority is liquidity, which always needs to be a top priority in real estate. When a company like Kimco has financial strength relative to others, it provides a unique advantage enabling us to seek out opportunities in moments of distress and find those generational opportunities. In addition, we benefit from a long-dated debt maturity profile that is predominantly fixed rate, a diverse lender base, a large line of credit, ample amounts of free cash flow, and an investment grade credit rating which sets Kimco apart. A recent partial Albertsons monetization has already boosted our unique liquidity position. As we move forward, we’ll have the opportunity to monetize additional ACI shares and reinvest in growth opportunities. We also plan to continue focusing on our core competency, which is owning open-air grocery-anchored shopping centers located in high barriered entry markets with below market leases. Importantly, our grocery-anchored necessity based portfolio offers proven defensive characteristics while simultaneously offering ample opportunity to execute our re-merchandising plans. These include further improvement in traffic, sales and cash flow at the asset level. This is how we anticipate being able to continue to outperform with the ever changing economic environment notwithstanding. And finally, we are patient and able to wait for unique opportunities for which Kimco can use its platform to continue to create long-term shareholder value. We are well positioned to look at the broad landscape of investment opportunities and make sure we invest at a spread to our weighted average cost of capital that will help Kimco outperform over the long-term. And with that, I will turn it over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you Conor, and good morning. It’s been a busy few months on a variety of fronts, but importantly Kimco is as well positioned as we have ever been to potentially take advantage of the ever changing market conditions. With the recent bond refinancings and partial Albertsons monetization completed, our liquidity positions us to continue to be opportunistic. On the transactions front as previously mentioned, we began the quarter by completing the acquisition of two grocery-anchored assets from the Cedar portfolio in addition to the participating loan on three grocery-anchored assets in Pennsylvania. Select disposition activity continued with the sale of nine shopping centers and two land parcels in Q3 for $188 million with KIM’s share of $64 million. These sales included several joint venture assets highlighted by the exit of a legacy Weingarten joint venture consisting of the five remaining assets from the partnership. Kimco’s ownership of that venture was 15% and included assets with demographics inconsistent with our core portfolio. Additionally, during the quarter, Kimco was repaid in full on the first mezzanine loan that we made since the formation of the Structured Investments Program in 2020. The unlevered IRR on that 20-month investment was 12%. As the quarter progressed, the rising interest rate environment and overall market uncertainty led to a slowdown in deal flow given a widening spread on the bid ask between buyers and sellers. A majority of assets that were put on the market for sale this summer either have not transacted are delayed until 2023 or have been pulled all together. The exceptions were committed deals that already had financing plans finalized. For Kimco, given the strength of the portfolio, we have minimal dispositions planned and have the luxury of being price sensitive due to our strong liquidity position. As we look at the remainder of the year, we expect to execute on a few dispositions that were committed in prior months and should get done by year end. Looking ahead to 2023, we remain confident about the fundamentals of our business and our core portfolio, but also excited about the prospect of taking advantage of dislocation that favors well capitalized companies with strong conviction for open-air retail properties. As was the case in the early stages of the pandemic in 2020 and 2021, we intend to be judicious and disciplined with our capital allocation while ready to capitalize on unique opportunities. This should enable us to generate outsized returns on quality real estate when liquidity is at a premium and our enviable capital position is the exception and not the rule. I will now pass off to Glenn to provide the financial results for the prior quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Ross and good morning. We had another very productive quarter highlighted by the strong leasing activity that kind of walked through as well as positive same site NOI growth. In addition, we have further improved our leverage metrics and extended our debt maturity profile while maintaining a high level of liquidity. While we can’t predict the future as it relates to stubborn inflation and continuing rising interest rates, so far consumers and our retailers are weathering the impact. Now for some details on our third quarter results. FFO was $254.5 million or $0.41 per diluted share for the third quarter 2022. This compares favorably to the $173.7 million or $0.32 per diluted share in the third quarter 2021, which included $47 million or $0.08 per diluted share related to Weingarten merger expenses. The increase in FFO, excluding the Weingarten merger related costs was primarily driven by higher pro rata NOI of $42.4 million with $32.4 million contributed from the Weingarten acquisition. The NOI increase also included $13.7 million from core portfolio growth, $4 million from other net acquisition disposition activity, and $2 million from lease termination fees. The NOI increase was offset by the $9.1 million change in credit loss due to the significant level of credit loss reversals recorded in 2021. It is important to call out through the first three quarters of 2022 we have recognized $7.4 million of credit loss income from reversals of prior year reserves. In terms of interest expense, although it was only $700,000 higher, it includes a one-time $7 million benefit from the acceleration of the fair market debt amortization from the early repayment of two Weingarten bonds during the quarter. Altogether, we derived approximately $0.02 of FFO benefit in the third quarter that will not carry forward. Our operating portfolio delivered positive same site and NOI growth of 3.1%, which includes a 10 basis point benefit from our redevelopment projects. If we excluded the impact of credit loss and abatements, the same site NOI growth would have been 5.7% for the third quarter. This is an excellent result as we were comping against a 12.1% level last year. The minimum rent component contributed 480 basis points. Lower abatements added 90 basis points and higher percentage rent added another 60 basis points. These increases were offset by the significant level of credit loss reversals recorded in the prior year quarter. Turning to the balance sheet, during the quarter, we issued a new $650 million or 4.6% unsecured bond, which is scheduled to mature in 2033. The proceeds along with cash on hand were used to repay all our remaining unsecured debt due in 2022 and 2023, totaling y $902 million with coupons ranging from 3.125% to 3.5%. We also paid off $46 million of mortgage debt during the quarter. These actions enabled us to proactively address all our near-term refinancing risks. Importantly, our weighted average debt maturity profile now stands at 9.7 years. We finished the third quarter with look through net debt-to-EBITDA of 6.3 times, which includes our pro rata share of joint venture debt and our perpetual preferred issuances. This is the lowest leverage level we have ever reported since we began disclosing this metric over a decade ago. Further, this ratio does not include any benefit from our Albertsons investment, which had a value of just under $1 billion at quarter end. Our liquidity was approximately $2 billion at the end of the quarter, comprised of nearly $1.9 billion available on our revolving credit facility and $124 million in cash. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold 11.5 million shares of our Albertsons stock receiving $301 million in proceeds. Based on the capital gain of approximately $250 million, we expect to pay approximately $61 million in capital gains tax [ph], which would net Kimco approximately $240 million, which can be used for accretive investments and further debt reduction. As a side note, to the extent the company pays federal tax on this capital gain, our shareholders will have an opportunity to receive a credit for their pro rata share of the tax the company has paid. We will provide more details on this as we approach year end. Based on our strong year-to-date results and our expectations for the fourth quarter, we are again increasing our 2022 FFO per share guidance range to $1.57 to $1.59 from the previous range of $1.54 to $1.57. This new guidance range takes into account the one time benefits we derived during the year, higher interest expense from our debt refinancing completed during the third quarter, and the reduction in debt fair market value amortization, credit loss for the fourth quarter of zero to $1 million, positive same site NOI growth and the impact of the Albertsons monetization discussed earlier. As we have in the past, we plan to provide our 2023 outlook when we report our fourth quarter results. That said, given the ever-changing global economic landscape, we want to provide some perspective for the coming year. Based on our current total debt stack, we expect interest expense to be $24 million higher in 2023. This is the result of the reduction in the fair market value adjustment associated with the Weingarten bonds recently paid off, higher interest rates from the refinancing we have completed, and higher [indiscernible] rate. We recognized $7.4 million of income from credit loss reversals this year, which we do not expect to continue in 2023. Instead, we will likely revert towards historic norms with an initial credit loss expectation of 75 to 100 basis points to revenues given the uncertain macro environment. In 2022, we had about $0.03 per deluded share of one-time items that we don’t expect to repeat in 2023. Moving on to our dividend, based on our strong third quarter results and increased guidance range, our Board of Directors has again raised the quarterly cash dividend for the fourth consecutive quarter to a new level of $0.23 per common share. This represents an increase of 4.5% from the previous level of $0.22 per common share and 35.3% over the $0.17 per common share paid a year ago. We continue to maintain a dividend distribution level in line with estimated taxable income from recurring operations and retain over $200 million of free cash flow annually after dividends and CapEx. These amounts do not include the benefits from our partial monetization of Albertsons stock or dividend proceeds we expect to receive from the announced Albertsons special dividend, which we are scheduled to receive on November 7th, totaling $194 million. Upon receipt, we expect to declare a special dividend comprised of either cash or a combination of cash and common stock before year end to satisfy the redistribution requirements and retain as much cash as possible for future investment and debt reductions. Lastly, I would like to again acknowledge the efforts and commitments from the entire Kimco team and all they do to create shareholder value. And now we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Conor, last quarter you qualified the results with cautious optimism. This quarter the market was described as uncertain and challenging. Can you talk about what you’re seeing in your seat on the overall market and how it’s evolving? And presumably tenants are starting to have conversations about 2023 store openings. Has there been any change in posture to their thought process? And I recognize you have a lot of different tenant types, so I’m just trying to understand the change in tone and how that may translate to tenant demand kind of in the upcoming years? Thanks.
Conor Flynn: It’s a great question. I think when you think about how we positioned ourselves we continue to think our portfolio is poised for growth. And so our cautious optimism remains and our strength of our portfolio and our team is shining through as you see the results really continue on the same path as previous quarter. On the macro side, clearly the clouds have gotten darker on the horizon, there’s more uncertainty. So when you get those types of flashing warning signs, you need to make sure you prepare for what may come next. And that’s where I think the tone in our earning scripts have tried to outline exactly how we’re focused on preparing for what could be a challenging environment. Now the good part, and the good part for Kimco is we’ve got a very battle tested team and the portfolio has been transformed. So when you look at the supply and demand dynamic for the Kimco portfolio and the resilient Kimco consumer, we feel like because we offer that value and convenience component, we should be in a very good position to weather any type of storm come next year. So overall, the retailer’s commentary has not changed. 2023 is pretty much baked by this point when you look at the retailer open device most of those deals have already been solidified. They’re already looking for deals in 2024 and they haven’t slowed down. There’s still a lot of demand out there and in a lot of ways this might be the best leasing environment we’ve ever seen because of the depth and breadth of the retailer demand and the lack of supply.
Operator: Next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Good morning everyone. Hi Conor. In your opening comments you talked about seeking growth opportunities given your financial strength. Maybe elaborate kind of on that statement and kind of what that opportunity set could potentially look like let’s say over the next 12 to 18 months, especially in light of even the recent monetization of Albertsons that you’ve done? Thanks.
Conor Flynn: We’re happy to, and Ross you can chime in as well. Clearly we’ve got a nice landscape of opportunities when we look forward. With our liquidity positioning it’s pretty unique to come into a point where banks are already pulling back. You’re not seeing a lot of bond deals getting done. You’re seeing a lot of floating rates that’s coming to maturity. You’re seeing a lot of CMBS maturity coming up. That typically signals distress or some type of dislocation where if you’ve got dry powder, you can pretty much take advantage of it. So when we look at our unique set of opportunities, clearly we’d love to buy core acquisitions with growth embedded in the cash flow. Those have been hard to come by in our markets where we continue to mine for those unique opportunities. What we have found a little bit more on the opportunity side is on the preferred med structure. We continue to think that that capital with the higher return is a nice opportunity for us to get a foot in the door with a [indiscernible] to have a future acquisition opportunity on that asset. And that may be something that again may come into focus next year as capital starts to get tightened up.
Ross Cooper: Yes, and now in a lot of ways these environments are where we have the ability to do our most attractive deals. Just looking back to the onset of the pandemic in 2020 and early 2021, I think we were able to accomplish some really unique opportunistic investments that became much more challenging over the last 12 months as the market recovered. A lot of that, that’s fast money that came in 1031 exchanges and we’re really pushing pricing have all subsided at this point. So in a lot of ways we think 2023 will be the perfect environment for us to go back out there and to find some really attractive structured investments. We continue to have conversations with all of our joint venture partners to see who may have an interest in monetizing in a choppy environment. And as Conor mentioned, while the bid has spread on the core acquisitions have been wide of late, we do hang around the hoop and have lots of open dialogue with brokers and a lot of owners that may consider selling next year. And we’ll be ready to do that with our liquidity position and move quickly if given the opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg McGinniss [ph] with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. You know, Glenn, in line with your goal to retain as much cash as possible from Albertsons proceeds, as you mentioned in your opening remarks, how much might you push that kind of shared a cash ratio on the special dividend?
Glenn Cohen: I’m sorry, can you repeat just the last part? I didn’t hear it.
Unidentified Analyst: How much might you push the share versus cash distribution on the special dividend?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, so we haven’t finalized it yet. It’s something that we still need to go over with the Board. There’s a requirement to do a minimum of 20% in cash. So we’re going -- we will finalize it over time, but I mean, ideally we’re going to try and retain as much cash as we can. And again, it’s -- the shareholders role may fall relative to any stock dividend that we would issue since it’s pro rata amongst the full range of shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi good morning and thanks for the time. Just may be a question for Glenn on the guidance. I think you walked through it and apologies if I missed it, what the driver is from an FFO perspective on the implied fourth quarter the sell for FFO? And then just curious if you can give more comments as part of that on the same-store NOI guidance, I believe you’re 5% year-to-date, but you’re kind of holding the commentary about just being positive. So maybe you could just give a little bit more context around some of the puts and takes for same-store NOI.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, so first just on the guidance. So we didn’t, as I mentioned, we did raise the guidance to $1.57 to $1.59 from the previous level. We are comfortable quite candidly at the upper end of the range. So that would imply roughly a $0.39 fourth quarter. As I mentioned, the third quarter did have about $0.02 of one time as in the fair market value amortization that came through a couple million of LTA. So we feel pretty comfortable at the upper end of the range as it relates to guidance. So on the same site NOI I won’t say we’re going to probably be close to where you saw us in the third quarter in that range, probably in that, you know, 3 percent-ish range. You know, when you look at the whole, look at it all together again, we are up against a pretty tough comp of over 12%, but I think it will be pretty close to where we saw the third quarter. Again, credit loss income has come down significantly and as I said, as I mentioned, we really think that we’ve come to the end of where we’re having income from credit loss and it will start to revert back towards something more in line with what you’ve seen previously, 75 basis points of credit loss over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Haendel E. St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning. So I guess maybe one for Ross on the transaction side. Given your activity here in the quarter, I was curious, maybe you could give us some perspective on cap rates. I know they’re moving, but curious on where you transacted on your acquisitions dispositions during the quarter. When those occurred I think those probably early in the quarter and then where would you pay cap rates today? And then what would you need to see in terms of cap rates to get more active given your higher cost of capital here? Thanks.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yes, I mean cap rates are certainly a bit of a moving target in this environment. While they don’t go necessarily basis point to basis point with interest rates there has been a little bit of a lag as rates have risen pretty dramatically. So it is a little bit difficult to peg exactly where deals are today, particularly because, as I mentioned, deals that are not previously committed as of the last 45 to 60 days plus, you’re really seeing a bit of a pause in the marketplace today where I think buyers are still comfortable moving forward on core acquisitions are not necessarily where sellers are willing to sell today. Now that might start to change if you see a little bit more distress and forced selling, which I think will start to mark where cap rates will transact that, but right now you’re seeing a pretty wide bid asset spread. But clearly, the sub five cap grocery-anchored shopping center transactions that we saw through the first half of the year are not penciling for investors today. The deals that we did close in the quarter were all based upon an in-place cap rate that were in the mid to high 5s. Again, as we talked about in previous quarters, for us in looking at cap rates, it really is just a spot check and a point in time. I think in the prepared remarks, we talked a little bit about some of the vacancy and the assets that we acquired, which will really be able to fuel our growth and get our CAGR and our IRRs to an acceptable level. So while cap rate is something that we do factor in, it’s not the end of the metric that we look at. So we’ll be watching very closely. The good position that we’re in enables us to move once the capitulation with sellers starts to occur. But clearly we’re waiting for a little bit more clarity on where sellers are willing to transact before we see a whole lot of closings occurring, certainly by the end of this year and as we get into the beginning of next year.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey good morning, morning out there. It sounds like it’s one question. So I’m going to focus on the Albertsons and the tax and the dividends and capital gains and all that fun stuff. Can you just provide to the extent that you can disclose how much of Albertsons sits in the TRS, how much is in the REIT, abilities to either manage the taxable gain? And it doesn’t sound it sounds like you’re already paying out sort of your taxable income, but maybe there’s some stuff coming up next year, but just give some perspective? And then also more color on what do you mean tax credit that shareholders get? In REIT land we don’t normally hear about that, so maybe just a little bit more color on that aspect as well?
Ross Cooper: Yes, great, great, great questions, Alex. And you’re right, this is, it’s definitely not the norm for the REIT sector at all. So it’s a really great problem to have, I guess I’ll call it. So first of all, all the shares today sit in the REIT, years ago, now it’s I guess six years ago. Previously we had, in 2016 the shares were in the TRS. We had merged them back into our REIT. And upon waiting five years, which is, which has passed any of the built in gain related to the shares in the TRS really expired. So now all the shares are sitting in the REIT. So now it’s a matter of, as we deal with the gain, it’s a capital gain, so we have to first make sure that we are staying in compliance with the retest, one of the retest being the gross income test. So we’ve monitored that and we’re fine. The capital gain, then the question is, how best to retain the capital for future investment debt reduction and all things that we do in the business. So we have decided that we’re going to pay the capital gains tax on the piece that we’ve monetized. And as I mentioned, that tax is about $60 million. With us paying as a REIT, with us paying the capital gain tax, we are going to provide information that all of the shareholders are entitled to a credit, not as adoption, a credit for their pro rata share of the tax that we paid. So there’s a form to be filed and tax returns that might be filed by non-exempts. But there’s a clear path to getting that cash, even if you’re non-tax paying entity.
Conor Flynn: So we plan to provide pretty significant detail on that on our website as well as outreach to our shareholder base so that they understand the roadmap that they need to take. I think it’s a, as you said, it’s a unique situation and we’ll make sure we allocate time and effort to have everybody understand what they need to do to get that tax credit.
Ross Cooper: And then, and then the other thing I’d add is, we still own 28.3 million shares of stock. And that our expectation is that over the next two tax years, 2023 and 2024 we’ll monetize it. And that will allow us to maximize retaining as much cash as we can as we continue to work through the distribution requirements.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Mailman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Craig Mailman: Hey guys. Just a quick question as Ross was running through the investment environment, Glenn was running through guidance, there was no mention of the $400 million acquisition in Long Island that you guys have talked about in the press. Just curious, is that still on the table here or should we think about that as sort of being punted or delayed into 2023?
Conor Flynn: Sure. yes, I mean look, our policy has really been not to comment on transactions until they close. We do anticipate that there will be additional closings this year in the next 60 days on both the acquisition and the disposition side. So we’ll certainly provide more detail as soon as any of those transactions do close. You know, the one thing that I would comment on the life cycle of some of these deals is that they all have their own nuances and they all have significantly different timeframes. You know, our bread and butter are all cash transaction can close very quickly. Other larger portfolio transactions oftentimes have different nuances that may include loan assumptions or very significant creative tax structuring. So to that point certain deals do take quite a while to get from the initial conversations to the closing line. So as soon as we have more detail to provide on any of these deals as they close, we’ll be happy to provide that.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Good morning. Thanks guys for taking my question. I wanted to actually follow up a little bit on Haendel’s question, but not necessarily talk about yields and yield expectations, because as you rightly point out, that can be a moving target Ross. But maybe if you could talk about what has happened to your IR expectations since the beginning of the year and how do you see that evolving over the next 12 months as well?
Ross Cooper: Yes and no. That’s a good question. We absolutely look at our cost to capital on a daily basis. So while cap rates are moving target, frankly our internal hurdles are also a bit of moving target. But I can tell you that from an unlevered IRR perspective, at a minimum we’re looking at transactions that have to clear high single digits, low double digits. In this environment, we’re hopeful that there’s going to be some more opportunistic investment opportunities that will be certainly in the double digits. So, from our perspective, we have a host of potential deals in 2023 that we’re targeting that should absolutely be able to equip that. So we’re staying patient. We’re in a good position right now. While the Albertsons monetization has a very low hurdle to clear to be accretive in that we were only getting about 2% yield, our internal expectations are clearly much higher than that.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I noticed that the operating expense increased by 16.5% and that year-to-date is up 4.8% [ph]. As a run rate, can we expect closer to the double digit gains in operation expense?
Conor Flynn: Craig, it’s a good question. I think we’re going to have to get back to you on the detail on that breakdown. I think the operating expenses may have some one-time items in there to create that type of jump, but we’ll unpack that and give you the detail and follow up with you. I don’t think you’ll see that continue. I think we’ve done a pretty good job of making sure we manage our operating expenses and don’t see any sort of spikes that we can’t control. So we’ll get back to you on that one.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, good morning. Just want to go back to your earlier comments about 2023, and I think you mentioned that you’re expecting a credit loss reserve of 75 to 100 basis points. I was wondering if you could just split, if you can frame that for us what is, what that looks like in a typical normal year? I realized we haven’t had a normal year in a while. And how much of that reserve accounts for tenants that are pretty much identified versus just a buffer for things that might come from like [indiscernible] yield?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, sure, sure Ki. So the credit loss historically pre-pandemic for a pretty long run rate was running somewhere in that 60 to 75 basis points per year range. So just mathematically, if you look at it, if we’re in this 75 to 100 basis point target area or expectation area because of where we’re viewing the economy and the uncertainty in it, you’re looking at something in a dollar range of around $18 million. So $15 million to $20 million in total on that 75 to 100 basis point spread. So that will give you an idea. It is not targeted or specific to any particular tenant. I mean the -- our tenants at risk, the list is actually pretty short today. But again, we’re watching pretty closely. It’s been a long cycle of not a lot of bankruptcies. So the tenants have held up incredibly well. But again, we’re in a pretty uncertain time. There’s a lot of rhetoric around recession coming and what that might mean. So our approach is just to be cautious about how we guide.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Kamdem with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. Just a quick one from me on just the financing markets. Just number one, can you remind us where you could sort of issue debt today? I recognize you may not need to and so forth, that would be helpful. And then the second piece of it is, if I just take a step back and I think about the 2025 target that the team has put out, clearly we’re in a different sort of interest rate environment, financing environment for retailers, for REITs. Maybe can you just comment on what you think changes potentially in this new environment? Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: So I’ll take the first part of your question. I would say that we’re really, really happy that we went to the market when we did and we found a very small open window to do the issuance we did. We pushed our debt maturities out, so we have no debt maturing for the balance of this year or really until 2023. It is interesting, as rates have risen pretty dramatically, normally we would have expected spreads to come in a little bit. But I would tell you, spreads are wider today than the day we issued. Our issuance was done at 190 over. We’re probably in the 220 range in terms of spread today on a 10-year. So you can do the math, but treasury today is around 410. So you’re looking at somewhere around a coupon of around 635 to probably 640. So again, we have no need to go to the market. The nice part about our debt is all the consolidated debt is virtually fixed rate and for a pretty long time at 9.7 years. So we don’t have short-term exposure to the rate environment. And like anything else, we’ll continue to look at the debt stock and be opportunistic where we can and look to repay future bonds at an appropriate time.
Conor Flynn: Your question about the 2025 goals, I think that we’re consistent in trying to make sure that we set goals that we want to try and achieve that might be somewhat aspirational, but we want to push out each other to try and reach those goals. Clearly, financing market has changed pretty dramatically. You see the cash flow growth continuing. That’s the exciting part about our business. The fundamentals are quite strong. When you look at the leasing demand and the lack of supply and the stickiness factor that we’re seeing with our retention rates, we continue to think the business is on very solid footing and so we’ll continue to monitor that situation. But we’ve got a lot of future entitlement goals that we plan to hit as well. We’ve secured 1,500 units this year. We’d like to get that up to maybe 1,800 to 2,000 by the end of the year. So we’re stretching to hit that and continue to think that when times get tough, typically municipalities sometimes loosen up on entitlements, because that’s usually when they’re trying to find ways to increase their tax base and find ways to increase the operations of their municipalities. So hopefully, we can secure even more entitlements if things do get tough.
Glenn Cohen: Before we go to the next question, I just want to clarify Craig Schmidt’s question on operating expenses. The increase in operating expenses really was derived from having a full quarter of Weingarten in our portfolio this quarter. We closed in August of last year, so now we have a full three months this quarter. If you look at our operating expense ratio margin, which we put in the supplemental this quarter, you could actually see we’re recovering more than we had previously. So to Conor’s point, we’re doing a better job there. You could take the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird. Please go ahead.
Wesley Golladay: Hey, good morning everyone, it’s Wes. Just a quick question on the Albertsons monetization potential for next year, would that be a cleaner year where you call it monetize $375 million and you wouldn’t have to pay any taxes, you’d be able to retain all the cash flow, and then when we look into 2024, if you get the bigger lump sum, we may be looking at a scenario that is more like this year where you may have some cap gains that you have to distribute? And then if I could get an unrelated second part question in here, I’m just kind of curious why the JVs have higher floating rate debt. We’re seeing that for many companies. I just didn’t know if it was something the partners were pushing for.
Glenn Cohen: Great questions. So let me take the Albertsons first, and then I’ll talk about the JV part. So if you look at where our current dividend is, we are very, very close to where taxable income and the dividend are really in line, but just from the recurring operations. It does not include what was a capital gain from the remainder of Albertsons. So it’s going to require additional tax strategies, deductions that we can find along the way to shelter some of that. If not, we would be in the same position actually this year where we would have to either pay the tax to retain as much capital. Those are our options. I mean, because we are keeping the dividend, it’s really important for us to keep the dividend based on the recurring operations to keep that FAD number in that low 70s percent range and leave lots of pushing for us. So the specials, we just have to deal with them as they come along and look for whatever shelter we can find. As it relates to the JVs, again some of it is because again, they’re somewhat sometimes viewed as a little bit more transitional. We’ve had, as you’ve seen, we’ve brought a lot of properties out of the joint ventures over time. So it’s been -- it’s kind of an agreement between the partners how they want to do it. In the care portfolio, we actually have almost fully -- an unencumbered pool of properties that’s financed with unsecured bank debt. So there it’s been done as floating rate, and it’s been fine because the leverage is so low to just keep it floating for now. But you are right; we do use more floating rate debt within the JVs than anything in the parent and it’s a combination of working with the partners.
Conor Flynn: I think the partners like it to give them a little bit more flexibility too if they want to put the asset on the market for sale, then they in essence take out the floating rate. So I think that’s part of it as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. I guess looking at the size of your redevelopment and mixed-use pipelines and just given the backdrop today, can the size of that pipeline stay the same over the next couple of years as projects are completed or should we think of it as likely contracting some?
David Jamieson: Thanks Mike, I appreciate the question. I was getting mad, getting quiet over here, so glad I could jump in at the end. We’re very opportunistic with our redevelopment pipeline. As you know, the extent of our entitlement program is pretty exhaustive with thousands of units that are entitled, ready to go when the market’s warranted and when our cost of capital is such, and we can find a structure that makes sense. And we’re looking at multiple projects in the near-term that could potentially activate while considering all those other variables I just mentioned. The good thing about our program is the markets in which we operate in, there’s still clear demand for the product, especially on the multifamily side. You hear a lot of headlines; you read a lot of headlines related to the undersupply in the residential market. So there is housing demand that’s very much a driver of the opportunity as well in California, Florida, et cetera. So we continue to look at that. In terms of our core redevelopment pipeline that we continue to activate, it is driven by leasing, right, and the opportunities there. As Conor mentioned in his earlier remarks, the leasing demand is such that we really have the COVID inventory that’s getting into quickly. Retailers are very much out there trying to hit their open-to-buy targets to achieve their growth goals. And our core redevelopment program fits right into that to help solve for their needs and our needs and build a better mousetrap. So we continue to see a nice healthy cadence and pace in the coming year. And again, far more in the coming quarters about the rest of the program.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to the management for closing comments.
David Bujnicki: We appreciate everybody taking the time to join us today for the earnings call. We hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corporation's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. Thank you, Mr. Bujnicki. You may begin your presentation at this time.
David Bujnicki : Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today includes Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors.  During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. Also, in the event our call were to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our Investor Relations website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn : Good morning, and thanks for joining us. I will lead off today's call with an update on our strategic initiatives and a review of our Q2 leasing highlights. Ross will cover the transaction market and our recent activity and Glenn will follow with our financial metrics and our updated guidance. We had another solid quarter. Thanks to the efforts of our outstanding team. The high-quality nature of our portfolio and our disciplined strategy. The initiatives we put in place more than 5 years ago to upgrade the quality of our portfolio, streamline our organization and enhance our platform continue to drive exceptional results.  Our investments in leasing and property management, human capital, ESG, community outreach, technology, data analytics and entitlements have generated solid positive returns and created value for all of our stakeholders. We remain focused on executing our plan and putting up numbers that help to further differentiate Kimco and our approach. It is with cautious optimism that we highlight our considerable accomplishment this past quarter, while remaining cognizant of the macro issues impacting our country, our economy, our retailers and our consumers. While our strong second quarter numbers are reflective, our leasing team continues to report that demand for space across our portfolio remains robust and should continue to grow for the right space, in the right location, pricing power remains strong even in this period of economic uncertainty. One of the key drivers is our focus on last mile locations, which are seeing positive traffic patterns at 101.3% relative to the same period last year.  The Kimco consumer lives in the first ring suburb of the top major metro markets where employment and spending power remains strong. While we can't ignore the impact of inflation, the consumer remains resilient for now, and more importantly, our portfolio focus on essential goods and services puts us in a sound position to better withstand the ever-changing environment. On the leasing front, pro rata occupancy finished up 40 basis points reaching 95.1% due to positive net absorption. Year-over-year, pro rata occupancy is up 120 basis points. Anchor occupancy is up 30 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 97.6% and up 70 basis points year-over-year. Small shop occupancy is up 80 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 89.2% and up 370 basis points year-over-year. That is our largest year-over-year increase in small shop occupancy in over 10 years. During the quarter, we signed 150 new leases totaling 711,000 square feet. Our new lease spread was 16.6% and with notable positive drivers coming from medical, off-price, beauty and salon services. We completed the quarter with 348 renewals and options totaling 1.6 million square feet. The second quarter renewals and options spread was 5.6%, with options ending at 6.4% and renewals is 5%. Total second quarter deal volume was 498 deals totaling 2.3 million square feet with the combined leasing spread of 7.1%. We executed 2 new gross releases this quarter, which helped us cross the milestone of 80% of annual base rent coming from grocery-anchored properties ahead of schedule. And we continue on the path to hit our goal of 85% by 2025. The benefits of our portfolio transformation to a dominant grocery-anchored portfolio in the top metro markets are numerous, most notably craft with a robust small shop leasing activity driven by the Halo Effect of our strong grocery anchors, which helps drive cross-shopping and more leasing demand and pricing power. An important takeaway this quarter is that our portfolio retention rates continue to shine. Our portfolio GLA retention rate during the second quarter was 93% with anchors and small shops both 10% above their respective 5-year average retention rate. The high retention rate is why we only had 91 total vacates for 223,000 square feet this quarter, making it the lowest GLA vacated during a quarter over the past 10 years. Further, we're maintaining pricing power as 96% of all renewals and options were at a positive rent spread. We believe these high retention rates are directly related to our efforts to optimize our last mile locations for our retailers and further highlight the value proposition of our portfolio. We also believe that if we continue to make the last mile store more valuable, over the long term, our retention rates will continue to improve. Occupancy will rise and tenant churn and CapEx will decrease, all of which will result in a higher long-term growth rate for the portfolio. In closing, our strategy remains straightforward, focused on leasing, work to expedite our tenant openings, entitle our assets for future density opportunities, maintain a strong balance sheet liquidity position and be patient, identifying investment opportunities in which Kimco is uniquely positioned to add value. We believe these initiatives will lead us to sector outperformance and reinforce the Kimco differentiator that drives total shareholder return.  Ross?
Ross Cooper : Good morning, and I hope everyone is having an enjoyable summer. As we always say in this business, the only constant is change, and the second quarter has showcased the unpredictability of the macro economy and how quickly things can pivot. To that point, the mantra we continue to follow emphasizes the importance of maintaining a nimble and opportunistic strategy and a balance sheet that supports both organic and external growth at any point in the cycle. The quality of our portfolio, balance sheet and liquidity position puts us in a prime spot to be opportunistic. On previous earnings calls, we identified a pipeline of activity in all 3 elements of our transaction strategy, which are; the buying out of JV partners, providing mezzanine and preferred equity financing via our structured investments program as well as the outright third-party acquisition of high-quality shopping centers that offer further opportunities for value creation. In the second quarter, we closed on several transactions in support of this strategy. In terms of partnership buyouts, we acquired an additional 3.6% interest in our longest-standing institutional joint venture, the KIR partnership, thereby increasing our ownership percentage of that fund to 52.1%. The net payment for this was approximately $55 million. The assets consist of a geographically diverse portfolio of high-quality, long-term hold properties for Kimco.  On the structured investment side, during the quarter, we closed 3 mezzanine loans for approximately $50 million, providing double-digit returns. The assets included a Safeway-anchored regional center in Fairfax, Virginia a mixed-use pedestrian-friendly power center in a high-income super zip part of Dallas, and a unique irreplaceable center along the 105 Freeway in Los Angeles in a dense infill location with a culturally immersive experience, anchored by a supermarket, pharmacy, a Mercado and others. All of these investments have a right of first offer or right of first refusal in the event of a sale, putting us in a prime position to potentially own these assets in the future. Subsequent to quarter end, we acquired 2 premier grocery-anchored centers from Cedar Realty as part of their portfolio transaction with DRA and KPR centers. The properties, which we view as the 2 best assets in the Cedar portfolio are located in Massapequa, New York and Philadelphia PA. Both assets have tremendous upside potential that we look forward to unlocking. Separately, we also made a $22 million participating loan on 3 grocery-anchored centers in Pennsylvania as part of our structured investment program. This is a prime example of our ability to utilize our various investment components to opportunistically deploy capital with a unique deal structure. Also post quarter end, we were able to negotiate a $21.2 million buyout of a fee title position on a former Weingarten site in Rockville, Maryland, where we previously had a leasehold position with only 37 years remaining. The transaction enables us to collapse the leasehold and create substantial net asset value on the property by converting our ownership to a fee position. On the disposition front, we sold approximately $100 million at Kimco share of noncore assets where the value had been maximized. This included several joint venture assets, which we elected to sell to a third party rather than meet the pricing. We will continue this strategy where appropriate with all of our joint venture partners and make a disciplined decision whether to sell the asset or negotiate a buyout of our partner's interest. While the market has quickly become a bit choppy on the transaction side, with the bid-ask between buyers and sellers starting to widen and the lenders becoming more conservative as interest rates and inflation rises, we continue to see a healthy demand for core grocery-anchored product that provides everyday goods and services. Pricing remains relatively sticky for our property type, especially when compared to other asset classes that were either previously priced to perfection or contain greater risk in today's environment. We believe with our multiple verticals we can be opportunistic when dislocation or softening occurs. With that, I will gladly pass it off to Glenn to provide the financials for the quarter.
Glenn Cohen : Thanks, Ross, and good morning. We are pleased to report another strong quarter, highlighted by brisk leasing volume, higher occupancy, positive same-site NOI growth and a healthy increase in leasing spreads. These operational achievements led to double-digit FFO per share growth. NAREIT FFO was $246.4 million or $0.40 per diluted share for the second quarter 2022. This compares favorably to second quarter 2021 NAREIT FFO of $148.8 million or $0.34 per diluted share, which included a $3.2 million charge or $0.01 per diluted share in connection with the Weingarten merger. FFO per diluted share grew by 17.6% compared to a year ago and 14.3% if you exclude the merger-related costs. The strong increase in FFO was primarily driven by higher consolidated NOI of $97.1 million, including $87.3 million from the Weingarten acquisition, $4.7 million from other property acquisitions and $6.6 million from core portfolio growth.  FFO contribution from our joint ventures was $9.3 million higher than the same quarter last year, comprised of $8.2 million from the newly acquired Weingarten JVs and improved credit loss from our other joint ventures. This growth was offset by higher interest expense of $9.7 million and G&A of $3.2 million primarily due to the 150 property Weingarten acquisition. Our operating portfolio delivered positive same-site NOI growth of 3.4%, which included a 30 basis point benefit from our redevelopment projects. This is a strong result as we were comping against a 16.7% level last year. An additional encouraging sign from the same-site NOI growth was the contribution from the minimum rent component of 470 basis points and lower abatements of 70 basis points. This was offset by the change in credit loss due to the significant level of credit loss reversals recorded in the prior year quarter. Certainly, our same-site NOI for the next 2 quarters will also be challenging given our prior year comps of 12.1% for the third quarter and 12.9% for the fourth quarter, which resulted from large reversals and credit loss in 2021. Furthermore, our outlook for the remainder of 2022 doesn't anticipate additional reversals of bad debt or collections from cash basis tenants for prior periods. Notwithstanding, we expect same-site NOI growth to be positive for the full year. In terms of our ABR from cash basis tenants, it is now down to pre-pandemic level of 4.3% in which we collected over 76% that was due during the second quarter of 2022. Turning to the balance sheet. Our look through net debt to EBITDA, which includes our pro rata share of joint venture debt and NOI and our perpetual preferred issuances stands at 6.4x, which remains the best level achieved since we began disclosing this metric over a decade ago. This level does not include any potential benefit from monetizing our Albertsons investment, which has a current market value of over $1 billion. As mentioned earlier, our liquidity position remains strong with $2.3 billion of immediate availability comprised of $300 million in cash and our $2 billion revolving credit facility as well as our Albertsons investment. With respect to capital activity, during the second quarter 2022, we judiciously utilized our ATM program to issue 450,000 shares of common stock at a weighted average price per share of $25.3 raising $11.3 million. In addition, we repurchased $36.1 million of our 3-38 notes due in June of 2023, and $11 million of our 3-3/8 notes due in October 2022. We also repurchased $3.6 million of our outstanding preferred stock. Lastly, we repaid $30 million of consolidated mortgage debt during the quarter and have a $290 million bond as our only remaining consolidated debt maturity for 2022. Also worth noting, over 99% of our outstanding consolidated debt is at a fixed rate having a weighted average maturity of nearly 9 years. Based on the strong results for the first half of 2022 and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are again increasing our 2022 NAREIT FFO per share guidance range to $1.54 to $1.57 from the previous range of $1.50 to $1.53. The new range is based on the following assumptions: positive same-site NOI growth for the full year, a range of $1 million to $6 million of credit loss for the remainder of the year, no additional charges associated with debt prepayment or the redemption of our callable preferred issuances that are outstanding and no monetization of our Albertsons investment. Separately, we want to call out something important with respect to interest expense to your 2023 models. As a reminder, the reduction in the fair market value adjustment associated with the Weingarten debt we assumed will result in approximately $13 million more of interest expense over that in 2022. To better illustrate this, we expanded our disclosure on the consolidated debt detail page in our supplemental package. Moving on to our dividend. Based on our strong second quarter results and favorable outlook, our Board of Directors has again raised the quarterly cash dividend for the third consecutive quarter to a new level of $0.22 per common share. This represents an increase of 10% from the previous level of $0.20 per common share and 29.4% over the $0.17 per common share paid a year ago.  We continue to maintain a dividend distribution level, which is in line with estimated taxable income from recurring operations and expect to generate over $200 million of free cash flow after the payment of both dividends and leasing CapEx. We truly appreciate and thank the entire Kimco team for their outstanding efforts and drive to create shareholder value.  And now we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt : I'm just wondering the maintenance of the strong new demand and pricing power. Is this strength from your grocery/essential-based shopping centers? Or is it just a reflection of a positive run rate on leasing completed and put to bed for '22?
David Jamieson: Yes, I mean, I think that the quality of our real estate, the grocery anchor at essential shopping center last mile closest to the customer is really at the forefront, that's your foundation and what you build upon. And then in terms of the demand side with the retail base, despite, obviously, the headwinds that we're all discussing in the current environment, there's still a need long term to position your real estate portfolio in the best center as possible. I think what you're seeing is a lot of retailers observing that opportunity now and wanting to take advantage of it and sort of fight through the current headwinds here. So I think we continue to see the strong demand not only out of Q2, but as we progress through the balance of the year. And then it's also coupled with, obviously, the lack of any new supply in terms of retail construction, I believe year-over-year this last quarter, it's down about 56%, only just over 3 million square feet of new retail construction was completed. So when you have that, you have this COVID on inventory and the high-quality real estate all sort of comes together puts us in a really good position.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Kramer: Appreciate all kind of the commentary. And especially kind of the -- I think, Conor, some of your earlier comments, I think you kind of outlined clearly right, there's some cracks showing in the macro, and I think you're maybe a little bit more open than others about kind of recognizing that in your comments. And I think to hopefully I'm not putting words in your mouth, but I think you kind of called out cautious optimism regarding kind of the quarter and how you see things going forward. I'm wondering maybe what some of those puts and takes are that kind of caused you to use that phrasing of cautious optimism.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Happy to expand on that. So I think where we are today is you're seeing our product really resonate with the consumer. They're prioritizing value and convenience. And I think it's really resonating with sort of the new age of retail with how people are shopping and the convenience and value proposition that we can provide to our customer. I think where we are having cautious optimism is obviously, there's a lot of stress on the consumer right now with the inflationary environment that we're dealing with. When we look at the Kimco consumer, which, again, is more affluent than the traditional sort of U.S. average shopper, they're holding up quite well. And where our portfolio is positioned in the first drink some of the major metro markets, employment is strong, the wage increases that we're seeing are resilient and the shoppers are continuing to gravitate towards our product. And so I think we're all wondering what the future is going to hold. Everyone has a different crystal ball. We feel we're in a position to be an opportunist if cracks emerged where we can obviously pounce on opportunities where we can create a lot of value. But to date, what we've seen is a continued traffic towards our centers, continued demand for our limited vacancies that are remaining, pricing power remains squarely in the landlords camp. And we're cautious of the optimism that it's going to continue as we see the pipeline continuing to expand with the right retailers that are creditworthy that have integrated e-commerce and are using their stores as last mile distribution points.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss : Conor, I just want to talk quickly on the decision to extend the lockup on the Albertsons shares. Just curious what the kind of drivers were there.
Conor Flynn: Sure. So when you're in a consortium that owns a sizable amount of the stock I think it's in best interest for our shareholders to really see it through to make sure that an organized execution really creates the most value for our shareholders longer term. And so that's why we considered the options on the table and felt compelled to go along with the consortium to see this through. It's been a wonderful investment for our shareholders. We've made a tremendous amount of money on the initial investment and feel like there's obviously this final act that we want to see through. And we do believe that the management of Albertsons is doing everything possible to maximize value. And so we feel like it was important to see that through and extend the lockup period with the consortium to give the Albertsons' management every opportunity to execute on their strategic alternatives review.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi.
Craig Mailman: I fully [avoid] that the balance sheet is in a strong position with good liquidity, but there was a new story out this week about a $400 million portfolio you guys are buying, you were active in the quarter. And I'm just kind of curious on 2 things. One, as you guys are underwriting where the equity value is today, kind of what are the return hurdles you're looking for to be equal this year? And number two, just what's the plan on potentially financing ramping acquisition activity?
Ross Cooper: Yes, Craig, I'm happy to address that. So as I've mentioned in the past, we do look at a variety of metrics when we're evaluating a potential investment Cost of capital is something that's top of mind for everybody in the organization. We look at it every single day. So when we think about a cap rate in this environment, it really is a spot check on day 1 -- our focus is on creating value and enhancing growth for the company and doing it in an accretive way. So in terms of an acquisition, if it starts at a relatively low cap rate, we need to ensure that there's a tremendous amount of near-term growth that's achievable. And we need to find other avenues to enhance the returns on our investments, which is where sort of our structured investments program comes in. we were able to put out capital at very attractive returns day 1.  And so when you blend the return on our 3 sort of pillars of our investment strategy between buying out our partners accretively, acquiring selectively core acquisitions and then layering on our structured investments, we get to a point where we feel very confident in the returns that we're able to achieve and the growth that we're going to get in the short, medium and long term. In terms of the funding, that's where we really feel that we're in a unique and really strong position. As Glenn mentioned, we have over $200 million of free cash flow after dividend and leasing CapEx. We have cash on the balance sheet. We have a moderate amount of dispositions that we recycle into new acquisition activity. And then, of course, ultimately, we'll have our Albertsons' monetization, which we'll be able to put to work there. So we do believe that we have a fair amount of ways to fund these deals in an accretive manner.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: Glenn, just wanted to dig a little bit deeper in the guidance here. When you take the first half FFO, you're getting close to $0.79, which implies $1.58 for the year. your guide is about 54% to 57%. I just want to make sure, is there something in the second half we should be aware of? I guess, Steve and I were trying to figure this out this morning and maybe some color you can provide.
Glenn Cohen: No. I mean, I think if you look at the second quarter, the $0.40, there's about $0.01 of all things that are more or less like one time. There's some LTAs in there. It was a little bit of a settlement on 1 of our joint ventures. And we did have about $4 million of benefit from credit loss related items, reversals of straight-line reserves as well as credit loss income. But we're not anticipating that level of credit loss income going forward in the second half of the year. And as I mentioned, we do have a range of $1 million to $6 million of credit loss, that's still in the numbers. So that's kind of where we get to that upper end of the range, which would imply roughly a $0.39 quarter for the third and fourth quarters. So we have those components baked into it. And again, we are cautiously optimistic, as Conor said, but we are watching pretty closely what's happening in the economy. We're watching interest rates and we think that the guidance that we put out, I'm happy that we've decreased it to the level that we have, but we want to keep it at the level that we feel is achievable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria : I just wanted to touch on the opportunism that you maybe see and/or are positioned for given our balance sheet strength and liquidity. I mean is there possible opportunities that maybe you're seeing now? Or is there maybe some potential distress that you see coming up that you think will eventually open up opportunities because it sounds like maybe there's something bigger in the works. I'm just trying to get a sense of how near-term the potential opportunity set may be?
Ross Cooper: Sure. I would say we have not seen the distress as of yet, but we're absolutely prepared for it. We'll continue to be extremely disciplined with the investments that we make. Based upon our liquidity position, our balance sheet, we think that we're in a wonderful position to be opportunistic once that presents itself. You saw that in the early stages of the pandemic, and then we had a very quick recovery. So to the extent that there is some dislocation that presents itself from some of the challenges in the macroeconomic conditions today, we'll be ready to move on that very quickly and aggressively, but we're going to stay very disciplined when we do it.
Conor Flynn: I think we've seen a little bit more opportunity, too, would you say, Ross, in the structured investments versus the core acquisitions as we're being patient, looking for those cracks. And we're seeing a lot of opportunity, I think, in the structured investment side with a little bit of higher return they want.
Ross Cooper: Yes. And one of the nice things about the structured investments is, as you could see or we put out in the release, there were structured investments that we closed on in the third quarter were the fourth one that closed just subsequent to quarter end. And while it's not a tremendous amount of capital outlay, I think combined, it was just about $72 million for those 4 deals. It does provide a potential pipeline for a much larger transaction if that opportunity presents itself. So it's a relatively modest investment today with a very attractive return that could lead to a much bigger opportunity down the road.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alex Goldfarb: Just a question on the consumer. As you look across your tenants, any -- are they seeing any drop off? So basically, what I'm getting at is take the 80-20 rule where 80% of the business is 20% of the people. Are they seeing some of that -- some of the sort of noncore shoppers or restaurant ones or whatever sort of fall out and their businesses being more sustained by their core shoppers or your tenants not really seeing a change in their overall shopper base? I'm just still trying to understand with fuel costs and rising interest rates and all that stuff, if there's been any change at all in the shopper dynamic or if it's really that some of the people have dialed back, but it's that core shopper that just remains adamant about continuing to go to your centers.
David Jamieson: Yes. It's a good question, go-for making me think a little bit here. So I'm going to use a little bit of fact and then a little bit of anecdotal my opinion and assumptions. So traffic-wise, when we compare our numbers to 2021 and where it is, it's up over 10% you care back when you compare it back to 2019 levels, it's more or less in line with where it was then pre-pandemic. So you have the volume of activity there on site, which is good. Then you look at sort of the dynamic or the composition of the customer and the consumer. I think what we have been seeing is still this desire to reengage in society and the communities, services, restaurants, entertainment. Obviously, the near-term success that we've seen with theaters, people wanting to go out and spend some discretionary dollars to entertain themselves and their friends has been a positive sign that we've seen extend through the summer. So I think that probably broads your base beyond just your core recurring shopper. I do think you're seeing some value trade occurring, obviously, with price inflation being what it is. Some of those customers have continued to buy, but they may be focused more on value purchasing, which the -- Great Recession is where off-price really found its footing and acceleration. Maybe they're making slightly different decisions at the grocery store, but they're still going to the grocery store. So you're seeing probably a bit of a change in how consumers think about where they want to spend their dollars, but the activity is as you've seen across the board is up and I think the consumer continues to show some resiliency right now.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I'd say we're still benefiting too from the 3 major themes that pandemic induced and that's the first one is suburbanization. I think we've seen, obviously, an uptick in population around our portfolio. The second being work from home. There's still a hybrid model out there. So the traffic patterns are still robust to our portfolio as people are cooking more at home or going to the shopping center for lunch as they typically might have gone elsewhere or closer to the office. And then third and probably the most important is still sort of the last mile distribution component. Target just came out with a remarkable stat this past month, saying that it's 40% cheaper for them to deliver goods that are ordered online from their store base versus from a distribution center. So I think that is, again, in the first inning of sort of adoption across the retail landscape. We're very, very focused in being first and last mile retail. We think that value proposition is really going to be a major differentiator for us going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Along the lines of the positive optimism, I guess, in times when the consumer has pulled back, how long has that taken before it impacts kind of the leasing discussions and then eventually your financials. Just trying to determine like if things get worse from here, when does this start to show up in your conversation and in your numbers?
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean, I think every market cycle is different. So it may show itself in different ways. I could say what we're seeing right now is not the slow of our appetite for new deals because as I mentioned earlier in the conversation, retailers are looking at the long play. They make these long-term commitments, sign 6 primary terms with options going forward, and they all have evolving retail strategies complementing what Conor said about the last mile distribution fulfillment that there's greater margin value and being closest to the customer and shipping and distributing from store. So now is a great opportunity to secure that real estate that's necessary to meet your evolving fulfillment strategy within each individual company. So in order to do so, you have to continue doing deals. That said, you may -- there may be certain areas that you start to see some some pullback, maybe on the higher-end side. But in terms of the value-oriented essential, daily consumer and daily retailer that supports that customer, we continue to see the demand side hold up, trying to absorb that higher quality real estate that's still out there as a result of the pandemic.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I would just add, if you think some of this cautious optimism is because of where the real estate is today. We spent a lot of years transforming the portfolio. So having it in these top markets embedded in the communities, has been -- it's just a real game changer. And you see it with whether it'd be the curbside pickup and the way many of the retailers are using their store today as really a fulfillment point. So that is a real -- we think that, that's a real benefit. And then if you look at the tenant mix that we have, it is essentially based, whether it'd be grocers, off-price, home improvement, and then just everyday goods and services, whether it'd be Dunkin' Donuts, Starbucks, [Begoguys], that stuff continues to be doing very, very well. So it gives us some comfort level, and we sit in our office in a shopping center and watch the traffic every day to kind of gauge it a little bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: So a different question on expenses, I guess. Can you discuss the mix of lease structures between fixed CAM, net lease growth as expenses rise on contracts with various things and because of taxes and other items, is there a potential for some pressure on NOI although top line revenue likely remains strong?
David Jamieson: Yes. So line, our margins have been improving quarter-over-quarter. As you've gotten more of those retailers open, when you look at our lease economic spread, it compressed 20 basis points from 310 to 390. So you're seeing more contribution in contributing to the recovery. Element of your operating expenses, so margin improvement is actually continuing to expand in a favorable way as we're moving out of the pandemic. As it relates to fixed as to net leases, those are typically our most dominant forms. For us, our fixed camp program is now a multiyear program. We look at a 5-plus year capital plan. So we have an insight to where we're going to be spending dollars over the the near to midterm, and that's all factored into the pricing as well as an inflation factor appreciating the markets do change. And then it's also important to note that within the component of fixed CAM too, there are some recurring services that are contracted out for multiyear contracts. So it's not directly impacted by near-term inflationary pressures. So once you mix it all together, we still are in a very good position to absorb yes, the pressures of the near term.
Conor Flynn: Yes. The only thing I would add is the benefits of scale we have. When we look at our portfolio and we bid out recurring services and we bid out some of these items that go into our expenses, we obviously get a bulk discount just because of the size of the amount of services and goods that we're purchasing. And so with the amount of technology that we've embedded in the portfolio as well, I feel like our our expenses are -- we typically try and make sure that we have the lowest triple net costs in a trade area because of that efficiency of scale. So we are very mindful of that and use our scale to our advantage to keep our costs under control.
David Jamieson: And I will just because you did mention specifically real estate taxes, that is excluded from your fixed cam number.
Glenn Cohen: Right. Now having said that, I will add, though, if inflation was to run at 10% or 12% a year, year after year, it would definitely have some impact. But I mean, we've built in, as Dave mentioned, an inflation factor into our fixed cam program. So we think we built it that it can absorb it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point.
Floris Van Dijkum: I had a question on your return expectations and how they've changed since the beginning of the year. And obviously, what kind of impact the direct market typically is slower to react in terms of cap rates, but what kind of impacts are you seeing in your underwriting of, as you look at acquisitions, are you underwriting higher cap rates? Or are your growth expectations rising as a result of higher inflation?
Ross Cooper: Yes. There's no doubt that as cost of capital increases, our hurdle rates go up alongside it. So we're very mindful of that. We try to stay extremely disciplined when we underwrite deals. Very healthy in terms of inflation expenses rising in our assumptions in our underwriting. We take, I think, a very conservative approach to lease-up assumptions, making sure that we anticipate that these deals do take a fair amount of time from lease execution to opening and that cost have been rising. So all of those factor into a hurdle rate that's certainly higher today than it was even 3 months ago. To your point on cap rates, moving maybe a little bit less quickly than the overall market, that's certainly the case. And it's very dependent upon the asset and the location. We've continued to see up through this month transactions occurring at all-time low cap rates, not any dissimilar than what we saw 3, 4 months ago. On the other hand, if you have a commodity power center that 4 months ago, a borrower or a buyer whose borrowing in the 2s and they're now borrowing in the 5s, there's no doubt that, that's going to have a direct impact. So the composition of the asset and who your target audience is, whether it's an all-cash institutional buyer versus a levered private buyer is going to be a very meaningful difference as to how much movement we've seen in the cap rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mueller with JP Morgan.
Mike Mueller: Is the $55 million year step-up investment inclusive of assumed debt? Or is it just the cash paid? And what was the implied cap rate on that purchase? Because the back of the envelope, seems like it was a fairly high cap rate.
Ross Cooper: Yes, that is a net number. We factor in all of the cash liabilities debt that's in the joint venture. So that was a $55 million payment net of all of those. I would tell you that it was a direct negotiation with one of our partners based upon our collective views of the value of the assets and then factoring in sort of a minority position of ownership there. So I would say that, to your point, it was a higher cap rate than what we would see those assets sell in the open market today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell : A lot of the e-commerce only player are just saying that they're seeing a more material shift back to pre-COVID activity in terms of retail. Is that a positive or negative for you? Is that a positive given that store is more important? Or is that maybe a headwind if you see less incremental activity from retailers looking to use your centers as last mile distribution?
David Jamieson: Anthony, the day at retail, it's omnichannel. You have to have both, right? I mean, I think the pandemic proved out that you can beam pure-play online is put you at a bit of a disadvantage as it relates to distribution of margin being pure play. And maybe just in brick-and-mortar, there's probably advantages of having some online presence. So I think it's a combination of both. I think you're going to see e-com sales ebb and flow a little bit as you do see brick-and-mortar sales. But when you look holistically about the retail strategies, it's really infused as one together. So I think net-net, as long as the total pie continues to grow, there is utility and the brick-and-mortar product and how they use that for distribution.
Conor Flynn: Really the other part is it's a focus on customer acquisition costs. I think when you look at the pure play e-commerce players, they have really been struggling to try and get control over their customer acquisition costs as sort of the major players that continue to boost the the costs involved with that. Advertising online continues to be extremely expensive, where I think the integration of the brick-and-mortar stores really allows them to have a pretty nice return in terms of customer acquisition costs and their margins are a lot healthier. So I think it's a net benefit for us as most pure e-commerce players, as you've seen, our opening physical stores.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean look, the lines are clearly blurring. Some of the e-commerce that you're talking about, the product itself is being picked up in the store. I mean that's where we've seen this big benefit of being -- we have the real estate is sitting today better than these markets. It's just -- it is a fulfillment point as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston : On development, -- so Kim's held back on some pretty hard sought in-hand entitlements. So I guess, how are you thinking about development now? Clearly, given the potential economic slowdown in rising costs, but also in the face of rapidly rising rents for multifamily, desire for newness how do you balance new development starts and maybe the potential timing with your balance sheet to flip towards more opens given these rents and demand?
David Jamieson: Yes, I think you actually have the answer in your question through all the parts you mine. So if we break it down one, I think we're in a wonderful position right now. We don't have long-term capital commitments with big development projects as compared to where we were in the last 5 years. Milton is continuing to move under construction down in Arlington market as Phase 2 of our Pentagon project, GMAX contracts.  So we feel good about the pricing there. As it relates to new activity, as you can see in the supplemental, we have thousands of entitled units that are at our option to and so what we're doing right now is we're looking at the balance sheet, we're looking at our capital plan, we're looking at the use of funds and the opportunities ahead of us. And then we're looking at the entitlements that we have in place and how best to activate them. We go through our decision tree do we self-develop, do we joint venture, do we ground lease and at what time is that appropriate to do so. So we are looking at near-term opportunities, what makes sense and then also what we have sort of in the midterm and how we want to pull it forward. So that's our job. We continue to assess it on a quarterly basis. And if we feel like there's an opportunity to pull some of those out of the entitlement shelf and activate them, we will.
Conor Flynn: We're very focused on continuing on the growth FFO path that we've been on. And I think when you look at the opportunity set that we have with the entitlements, we're going to be mindful of not activating too many all at once. But when we do activate them, we're going to see what's the best way to continue to enhance the FFO growth profile of the organization.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ki Bin Kim with Truist.
Ki Bin Kim: So when you look at the top of the demand funnel for your customers, just confident in perspective. When -- if you have a good quality space, how many tenants are looking at that type of space today versus a couple of quarters ago? And I'm curious if deals are taking longer to close, I guess, overall, just trying to gauge how quickly open buy plans might be changing amongst your customer base?
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean with, again, high-quality real estate inventory that does not come available, all that often, we have seen that we continue to have multiple bidders at the table, which obviously helps the negotiation and strategy. And I also think you've seen, as we've mentioned multiple times already today, is that people are evolving their real estate strategy and how they want to utilize it. So whereas several quarters ago, target announced that they're going for full-size formats again, which was something pretty unique because they're really focused on the small format concept for years and penetrating urban markets. So people -- our retailers are constantly evolving and changing their needs and wants, which is creating demand for our real estate. As it relates to the timing and activation of deals and the negotiating process, I think both sides are actually very focused on trying to get the deals done as quickly as possible. We have a number of conforming leases. We're working directly with a lot of our retailers of how best to expedite that discussion in that negotiation because both have targets to open, right? They have target, they have their own growth targets and the way to achieve those is to get their stores open as quick as possible. We have our own growth targets that we want to get them open as quickly as possible. So there's a mutual benefit actually now where we both felt pressures, and we both had a point of friction within the process of, say, construction that's pretty unique. And so it's brought us together to find better solutions, which I think net-net as we go forward is just better for the industry and better for ourselves as we work closer in partnership with our retailers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse.
Tayo Okusanya: So I'm trying to get a better handle on the guidance raise you beat by $0.02, raise midpoint of guidance by $0.04. And I'm just trying to understand what that incremental piece is. Are you expecting better same-store NOI growth? Is it better occupancy, reversal of credit provisions -- just trying to get a better sense of what does that additional increase in guidance I alluded to?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Again, when we look at the balance of the year, -- we think that we have a reasonable run rate in this $0.39 level have built into the guidance level, a certain amount of potential credit loss that we think we can absorb while we're doing it. But we do expect that same-site NOI remain positive for the year. Again, as I mentioned, there are pretty tough comps in the third and fourth quarters. But for the full year, we do expect that. Occupancy has increased certainly over the last year, and there's more minimum rent that's coming online. So that's all built into it as well. And then there are some investments that Ross has mentioned that were not really part of the initial plan that we're using the cash that's on the balance sheet and the return on that is quite favorable relative to the interest earned sitting in our investment bank accounts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: Yes. Just given the changes in the landscape of the Albertsons lock extended a little further out. Are you thinking any differently about the use of its proceeds?
A –Conor Flynn: We really haven’t, Linda, I think we’re in a unique position where come September, which is not far off we’ll be in a position to look at the landscape of opportunities. We have a number of items that we feel like are unique to Kimco that we can invest in through our different, as Ross mentioned, our or different unique investment opportunities. We have some bonds coming due that we could potentially pay off. The preferreds are going to be callable as well. There might be unique investment opportunities that present themselves come from September as well. So as I mentioned in my remarks, I think the key for us is being patient and focusing on unique opportunities where Kimco can really enhance shareholder value and create a lot of value in the near term. And that’s where I think we’re uniquely positioned to take advantage of any opportunity that presents itself.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, look, the nice thing about the investment, if you do the dividend yield on our investment in Albertsons, almost anything that we do, whether it’d be debt pay down or any of the other investments that Conor just mentioned, it is going to be accretive. So we have a lot of good options available to us and hopefully a lot of opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Mailman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman: It's Michael Bilerman. I just had 2 quick follow-ups. Just one, as we continue the conversation on Albertsons. Has anything changed I guess, from Kimco's position in terms of potential monetization options in the sense of, obviously, as a real estate company, Albertsons does have some real estate and you could create a type of real estate transaction like that. So has that changed at all in your mindset as they go through strategic alternatives? Or is the only option to sell stock and take cash? And then I had just had a quick follow-up on JVs.
Conor Flynn: Really hasn't changed, Michael. I mean we've done sale leasebacks of that before in the past. We're in a position where, obviously, we can do more of that as well. We've been focused on the assets where they own their grocery store within an asset where we own the surrounding retail. So we get a cap rate compression on sort of the entire asset by controlling the grocery anchor. So we still have that part of the playbook available to us. So we'll continue to wait and see how the strategic alternatives play out, but that obviously is a game plan we've used before and continue to have that as an opportunity.
Michael Bilerman: So kind of are you saying that effectively investors should think about either an option of taking all the stock and selling down portions of it over time or converting some of your stock holdings into real estate assets through sale leasebacks that we should start thinking about multiple options for this stake?
Conor Flynn: No. I think, Michael, the way to think about it is the marketable securities that we own will be used to be monetized and then those proceeds will be redistributed in the best investment vehicle possible. I mean, I think that's the easiest way to think about it. The unique sale-leaseback situations would be separate and apart from that.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. And then just on KIR in buying the stake direct, which looks like you got that at about cap rate or at least effective NOI yield into your results. How should we think about the desire for you to syndicate out that equity arguably at more of an NAV value and effectively earn that spread, right? Are you more desire to buy discounted pieces of paper from your JV partners? Or are you trying to bring in others? You're sitting here now in this asset, let's call it, a $2 billion GAV at that 7% cap. You own 52% of it. What's the go-forward plan? Are you going to try to syndicated back out or continue to buy in to own 100% of these assets?
Ross Cooper: Yes. No, it's a good question. I think when you look at the KIR venture specifically, this is our longest-standing joint venture, it was established in 1999. So I think ultimately, there was a point in time where it made sense for the 1 smallest minority partner to exit. We think that their assets are tremendous within our portfolio. We would love to own more of it. At the same time, we have a fantastic partner in the New York State Common Retirement Fund that has been alongside us since the beginning. So we'll continue to maintain a great relationship with them. And if and when the opportunity presents itself that they have a desire to exit, we'll be ready to have that conversation. But specific to the KIR venture, we don't anticipate bringing in any new partners.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: Glenn, I guess maybe for you, I was hoping you could be a bit more specific or provide a range of what the 2022 same-store NOI guide now on a clean ex prior adjustment -- expire period adjustment basis and also on a GAAP basis. It used to be 3% for both, I recall. And then if you could also clarify what were the prior period rent in the second quarter?
Glenn Cohen: As it relates to the same-site guidance for the full year, as I mentioned, we expect it to be positive, we are not providing a range. You can see what's happened during the first half of the year. So we're sitting currently at 6.1% for the 6 months, 3.4% for the second quarter. But again, there's still some uncertainty in there, and we have these very difficult comps that are in the third and fourth quarter. So I really don't want to provide a range at this point. But to give you comfort that for the full year, it will be positive. As it relates to prior period rents from cash basis tenants, that was about $5 million that was collected and as I mentioned, we collected about 76% of the rent from those same cash basis tenants during the second quarter, so that difference that wasn't collected, which was reserved, is also about $5 million. So the net of that kind of -- they kind of wash out each other.
Operator: That is all the time we have for today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
David Bujnicki : Thank you very much for joining us today. Again, our supplementals posted are on our website. Enjoy the rest of your summer.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Kimco Realty Corporation’s First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be limited to 50 minutes. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President, of Investor Relations and Strategy. Thank you Mr Bujnicki, you may begin.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today includes Conor Flynn, Kimco’s CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco’s Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors  During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. Also, in the event, our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible; and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our Investor Relations website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. I’m going to lead off the call with a brief review of the current retail environment, highlight a few of our Q1 accomplishments and provide an update on our overall strategy. Ross will describe the transaction market and the high demand for our open air and mixed used product. And as Glenn will cover our financial metrics and provide an updated guidance for the year ahead. 2022 is off to a very good start. The integration of the Weingarten merger is now complete. And as anticipated our scale, geographic clustering and operational platform is stronger than ever. The mixed [ph] assets is occurring at the same time, but retailers are taking a fresh look at their real-estate portfolios and concluding that the physical store has proven to be the lynchpin of retail. To put that in perspective, it wasn't long ago, when many people thought that the physical store was on the verge of extinction. And that e-commerce was the be all and all for retail. Now retailers are looking at the physical store through a new lens, a lens that is focused on optimizing the store for retail e-commerce and distribution. And it’s revising their capital spending budgets to address the omni channel revolution, and e-commerce platforms. They are readily investing capital and refurbishment, expansion, fulfillment and last mile distribution. When retailers evaluate the real estate, they no longer separate their warehouse and distribution needs from their sales requirements. Today, leading retailers are taking a holistic approach to determine the best locations to ultimately serve their customers. Indeed, this integrative approach is the dominant recurring theme during our portfolio reviews with retailers and is creating more demand for optimal location. We are seeing renewal and new deal demand for well-located space that is not only suitable for generating in store sales, but it's also conducive to last mile distribution and fulfillment. Target stores is a bellwether for this new approach, with more than 95% of their total sales, physical and online being fulfilled through their store base. The result is a tremendous Halo in value as their existing and growing store fleet. This trend of increased capital spending by retailers and the renewed focus on and demand for quality locations is good news for Kimco. Higher retention, lack of new supply, quality real estate and a well-coordinated team effort are strengthening pricing power and accelerating the speed of recovery throughout our portfolio. The result is higher cash flow, greater leasing velocity, improved net effective rent and growth in recurring FFO. Our incredible team produced a record 475 renewals totaling 3.9 million square feet, and the renewal and option spreads of 6.4% continue to underscore the supply and demand dynamic I just described. Specifically, new first quarter leasing was strong, producing 178 new deals, totaling 719,000 square feet, and our pricing power is reflected by a solid new leasing spread of 18.6%. Retention levels remain high with lack of new supply, putting more value on existing stores, and resulting in more remodels and lease extensions with minimal capital required from Kimco. It is worth noting that positive net absorption in the first quarter historically has been a rarity. And yet our superb leasing team generated a 30-basis point increase in our pro rata occupancy, which now stands at 94.7%. This is our highest first quarter sequential occupancy gain in over 10 years. Year-over-year occupancy is up 120 basis points. Strategically, we continue to focus on enhancing our already strong open air grocery anchored and mixed-use portfolio in our top markets. Ross and his team are constantly analyzing new potential acquisitions as we look for the best fit for our portfolio. We've also made excellent progress on entitlements. In the first quarter we entitled 1300 apartment units in three of our core markets Denver, Fort Lauderdale and Washington DC. Our mixed-use assets are benefiting from the dual recovery in both the apartment and retail sector. All this activity gives us flexibility and optionality to create FFO growth and shareholder value. While we are proud of our results, we recognize it is not all smooth sailing. The war in Ukraine, the lock downs in China, the rise in COVID numbers and the re-emergence of mass mandates in certain areas present real challenges. The consumer is being stretched by a record inflationary environment at the gas pump and at the grocery store. Despite these headwinds, traffic continues to flow to our grocery anchored neighborhood and necessity based centers. Traffic in the first quarter of 2022 was 108.9% relative to the same period in 2021, as the value provided by our central base retailers remains as important as ever. In closing, I want to thank our entire organization. They respond to every challenge. We're tirelessly and maintain our do the right thing, culture. Their collective drive has enabled us to push our recovery faster than we anticipated, and execute our strategy with precision. It feels like we are just getting started, which makes it so exciting to be a part of this great team. And with that, I'll turn it over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor and good morning. It has been an exciting start to the year and while our first quarter transactions were somewhat limited, we remain encouraged by the acquisition pipeline we're actively building. As we have mentioned in previous quarters, our transaction activity remains very selective and focused on a combination of third party acquisitions, structured investments, and partnership buyouts. Thus far, almost four months into the year, we have deal flow for all three categories in our acquisitions pipeline. In terms of first quarter transaction activity, we acquired a couple of adjacent land parcels highlighted by a junior anchor box located within our Columbia crossing center in Columbia, Maryland. We expect the pace and frequency of closings to ramp up as we move through the balance of the year, and we are eager to capitalize on the external growth we can deliver as these transactions are completed. As we indicated last quarter, we have taken the opportunity to prune several joint venture assets that we felt had maximize value with limited future growth. We sold three shopping centers from joint ventures for a gross value of $81.9 million and Kim’s share of $17.5 million. In the second quarter, we expect to complete additional JV dispositions from both Legacy Kimco and recent Weingarten partnerships. We are at a very interesting time in the marketplace today. Even with the recent rise in interest rates, we have not yet seen any impact on pricing or demand for the product. Equity capital is abundant, which is creating further competition for quality open air centers. Sub 5% cap rates to the best of the best is now the norm and we are seeing these comps throughout the country. Portfolios are back to commanding a premium if the composition of the assets checks the boxes for institutional investors. Bidding wars are commonplace for not only grocery anchored assets, but for the better quality power and lifestyle assets as well. This comes at a point in time where rates are rising rather quickly, and lenders are taking a closer look at quality of sponsorship and discipline loan to values. It is worth noting that there is a strong advantage in the marketplace today for the all cash buyer, which gives the balance sheet and liquidity position like Kimco’s a major benefit. We intend on utilizing this privileged position wisely and protecting it while selectively adding unique core properties and structured investments into the portfolio. Another Kimco differentiator in this market is creativity and structuring, specifically the ability to offer a tax deferred structure. For certain tax sensitive owners of property this is the best way to optimize net value for a seller in an uncertain regulatory environment. Given the various paths we have to prudently deploy capital, we are confident in our ability to unlock accretive investment opportunities for the company in all three phases of our external growth strategy. And now to Glenn for the financial results for the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross and good morning. We are encouraged by our strong first quarter results driven by increased occupancy, strong leasing volume and continued positive leasing spreads. In addition, our same site and a wide growth benefited from higher collection levels and lower credit losses compared to the same period last year. Nareit FFO was $240.6 million, or $0.39 per diluted share, and includes a $7.2 million charge or one penny per diluted share for the early extinguishment of our $500 million fund, which was scheduled to mature in November of this year. This compares favorably to our reported first quarter 2021 Nareit FFO of $144.3 million was $0.33 per share. The increase in FFO was primarily driven by higher consolidated NOI of $104.7 million, of which the Weingarten acquisition contributed $88.6 million. NOI also benefited from improvements in credit loss and growth from our rent commencements at our signature series projects. FFO from our joint ventures also increased by $14.4 million, comprised of $8.6 million from the Weingarten acquisition, and $5.8 million from our other joint ventures. These increases were offset by debt prepayment charges of $7.2 million and higher interest expense of $9.3 million, mostly attributable to the $1.8 billion of debt assumed in connection with the Weingarten acquisition. Also, our G&A expense was higher by $5.5 million associated with the increased size of the operating portfolio and new associates we brought on from Weingarten. However, our G&A as a percentage of our revenues significantly improved by approximately 100 basis points further showcasing the cost saving synergies from the Weingarten acquisition. Our operating portfolio delivered robust same site NOI growth of 8.9% over the same quarter last year. The growth was comprised of 3.9% from increased minimum rents and 90 basis points from increased payments [ph] and tax recoveries resulting from higher occupancy. Lower abatements contributed another 2.5% and lower credit loss including collections from cash basis tenants contributed 80 basis points. As we look forward, our same-site NOI for the next three quarters will be more challenging given the prior year comp range of 12.1%, 16.7% driven by the large reversals in credit loss realized in 2021. Our guidance for the remainder of 2022 doesn’t anticipate additional reversals of bad debt or collections from cash basis tenants for prior period rents. It is worth noting that today only 5.2% of our ABR comes from cash basis tenants, which is essentially back to pre-pandemic levels. All that said, we expect same-site NOI growth for the full year 2022 to be positive. Our balance sheet remains strong with liquidity of approximately $2.4 billion comprised of $370 million in cash and full availability of our $2 billion revolving credit facility. Our look through net debt-to-EBITDA, which includes our pro rata share of joint venture debt and NOI, and our perpetual preferred issuances, has improved to 6.4 times. This is the best level achieved since we began disclosing the metric over 10 years ago, and does not include the potential benefit of monetizing our Albertsons investments, which had a current market value of over $1.3 billion as of March 31. During the first quarter, we opportunistically issued a new $600 million tenure unsecured bonds at a coupon of 3.2% and use the bulk of the proceeds to repay early $500 million of 3.4% bonds scheduled to mature later in the year. Of note, the 10-year treasury has increased over 80 basis points since this issuance. Also as of today, we have repaid all our consolidated mortgage debt during 2022, totaling $115 million. Our only remaining consolidated maturity for 2022 is a $299.4 million 3.375% note due in October. We also have two perpetual preferred issuances totaling $489.5 million that become callable later in the year with a weighted average coupon of 5.2%. This should present an opportunity to further reduce our fixed charge costs. Subsequent to quarter end, we renewed and increased the unsecured credit facility for our cured joint venture with the New York State Common Retirement Fund. This new unsecured facility has a total term of five years and has been upsized to $425 million comprised of a $275 million fully drawn term loan and a $150 million revolving credit facility with zero outstanding. The pricing grid includes the sustainability component which can reduce the borrowing spread by up to two basis points based on reductions in greenhouse gas emissions from the cure [ph] portfolio. Turning to guidance, based on our strong first quarter results, we are increasing our 2022 Nariet FFO per share guidance range to $1.50 to $1.53 from the previous range of $1.46 to $1.30. The increased range is based on the following assumptions: positive same-site NOI growth for the full year, approximately $13 million of credit loss for the remainder of the year, no additional charges associated with debt prepayment, whether redemption of the callable preferred issuances that are outstanding, as well as no monetization of our Albertsons investments. As a result of our strong first quarter results and the increased guidance range, our board of directors has raised the quarterly cash dividend to $0.20 per common share from the previous level of $0.19. Even with this increase, we still expect to generate over $200 million of free cash flow after the payment of dividends and maintain a dividend distribution level which is in line with the estimated taxable income. We truly appreciate and thank the entire Kimco team for all of their efforts commitment and focus on creating shareholder value. And now we are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Craig Schmidt: Great, thank you. I just wondered, are there any anticipated changes or enhancements to your curbside pickup, installation or book [ph] procedures?
David Jamieson: Hey, Greg David Jamieson. Great question. It's something that we are actively trying to better understand now and explore what the curbside 2.0 version will be. As you know, we have curbside at all of our properties where it's warranted and we're expanding that into the Weingarten sites. But it is interesting as we start to talk to retailers of what the next iteration will be. So it's really incumbent upon us to continue building the conversation with them and seeing what their needs are and how their needs are changing. And then we will adjust accordingly. But we're very much in that learning phase right now to understand what's next to come. But assuming that something will be different tomorrow than what it is today.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg McGinnis with Scotia Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Gregory McGinnis: Hey, good morning. So Conor, it seems like for the portfolio of your size development could easily play a bigger role than it currently is. Just curious, what is maybe holding you back from greater development investments and what size you anticipate development pipeline should reach by year end, especially when we consider some of those kind of mixed use entitlements, ground leases that we're starting to see into the pipeline?
Conor Flynn: Thanks for the question, Greg. I think when you look at a pipeline of opportunity for us, it we do have as you've been seeing a war chest of entitlements. And so we really want to focus on giving ourselves optionality and flexibility for the future. And we've determined that the best use of our time and our capital is really focusing on unlocking the highest and best use of our own real estate, rather than taking on development, and land banking certain development parcels for future because we really do believe that the assets that we own and control are better master plan for future and then we can activate them at our sole choosing. We do have a couple that are getting close to being shovel ready, that you'll see add to our supplemental in the back half of the year. But we want to be mindful the fact that the structure that we think is best suited for FFO growth going forward, is to again, really focus on the internal growth of the organization. And how do we add to that internal growth by layering in some of these mixed use redevelopment opportunities in the future. So I don't see us going back to adding some large scale ground up development projects. But I do like the fact that we continue to stockpile entitlements, and then activate those entitlements that are so choosing in the future. We have done it a number of different ways, as you know, taking a little bit less risk with ground leasing of parcels, or entering into joint ventures with best-in-class multifamily developers by contributing the land at a marked up basis with the entitlements in place. We like that approach.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Hill: Hey, good morning, guys. First of all, congrats on a really nice start to the year. I did want to talk about what looks to be a pretty attractive leasing opportunity over the next couple of years. But specifically, do you think this is becoming more of a renewal business than the new lease rate business? And I guess it's a two part question. Where do you think you can take occupancies versus where they are today? And do you think that just means more stable renewal business, which is a great predictable cash flow? So how should we think about that?
Conor Flynn: Yes, it is a multipart question. So let me try to break it down. First, first, this quarter, we saw historically low vacates that 25% less than what we've typically seen in Q1. So when you start, when you think about our base, it's very, very solid. And I think obviously, that was cleaned up a lot through the pandemic, a lot of high risk tenants moved out of our portfolio. So we start with a much more solid foundation. Then when you look at the rollover, as you mentioned, the retention, the retention levels are at the highest point that we've seen too, in the last five years throughout our that 90 plus percent range. So you're now retaining those quality tenants for longer when they have that opportunity to punch out either when an option comes up or the renewal notice comes up. So I think it's showing validation of the property validation of the sector and the strength of the retailer themselves about what they're doing within our centers. But then you look at the new lease activity 178 new leases, which is also one of the high watermarks for us. You see all those points of demand that we've been talking about over several months, coming from all sectors so you are seeing real growth come in and you're seeing other retailers say like a booth bar for us this quarter was very active in that smaller midsize, Junior box categories, really wanting to expand and grow their market share across the country. So you're having all of these forces combined, which is helping either sustain our occupancy and/or growing. When I look at where we can go, I go back in time and say where we come from. And when I look back at the Great Recession, we averaged around a 10 to 30 basis point gain through several years to recover our occupancy this quarter Q1, which is historically a bit of a dip in occupancy, we did gain 30 basis points. So we are moving in the right direction. And I think it's real, it's real growth components that are helped driving that. Again, where it goes from here, we'll continue this, we see good momentum through 22. There's obviously a lot of macro forces out there that we can't control. But for now, we're managing with what we have and feel, cautiously optimistic of the direction we're headed.
David Jamieson: I would just add on that point, the renewals and options for water were up 6.4%, which is a real testament to the just this whole shift of where the portfolio is today, in the tenants are staying. And the other benefit we have is rules and options. For the most part, there's a lot less capital required to go to those boxes when they're staying like that. So it's really very, very beneficial.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to ask about the opportunities stake that you guys have, obviously tremendous value, but curious if their strategic review influences your thoughts on the timetable about monetizing shares or how you're thinking about harvesting that value?
Conor Flynn: That's a great question. Again, they're doing the wrong thing with their strategic reviews. We're not aware of anything specific at this point. As you, I think you're aware, our lock up expires are scheduled to expire at the end of June. So we're just going to continue to monitor how the investment is performing at that point. And then we'll make decisions after that about the appropriate timing for monetization, we'll be getting the monetization of it. Again, keep in mind; we can't monetize the entire thing all at once due to wanting to retain our reach status. As we've talked about, on some previous calls, we could have a gain of around somewhere in the 350 million ish range and maintain our REIT status within the REIT. If there was a larger transaction, and I'm making this up and if there was a total a private of the company, and it was monetized all at once. We would have to shift the remaining portion of our investment into what TRFs we will then have obviously all the cash available, and over time we would dividend that money back up to our REIT over a period of time to maintain our REIT status.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Samir Khanal: Hi, good morning, everybody. I guess Conor, I was a little surprised that guidance did not move up more here, considering how strong the tail winds are. You've talked about, the record leasing volumes; you got the rent growth occupancy moving up here. Sounds like you have acquisitions in the pipeline, I guess what’s the offset here is it higher rates that could impact earnings growth related to the Weingarten debt, just trying to make sure I'm not missing anything here and maybe walk us through sort of the swing factors, tailwinds and potential headwinds to earnings growth this year? Thanks.
Conor Flynn: Sure. So I did outline in my earlier remarks that it's not all smooth sailing, right? You've got massive mandates back in Philadelphia; you've got obviously record inflation going on. You've got supply chain issues still being resolved. Lock downs in China, you got the war in Ukraine. So there's, there's plenty of headwinds out there that we recognize we have to deal with and continue to monitor. But in terms of the earnings guidance, we do have a few one timers and some things that impacted the first quarter. You want to walk charters sort of the breakdown.
Glenn Cohen: I mean, keep in mind; we did raise the lower end of our guidance by $0.04 and the upper end of the guidance by $0.03. So today's guidance, the low end of the guidance was the previous high. And so we have incorporated all that in. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we do have $13 million, the remainder of the year of credit loss that's in the numbers. So that's about $0.02 a share. We'll have to see where that falls out. But that, again, that some may say that's a little conservative, and that's fine. We'll play it out because we are still dealing with some of the pandemic issues that are there. And we did during the first quarter we had about $2 million of LTAs a little bit of one time or stuff. But overall I mean, again, we're focused on whether credit losses and we want to continue to put ourselves in a position to feel comfortable that we can meet the guidance that we've put out and do it on a conservative basis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning and thank you. And thank you the queue is much more efficient this quarter than last quarter. Conor, just question on the cash buyers and Kimco’s advantage certainly can appreciate your line of credit availability, your access to the debt markets. But when it comes to equity, on our numbers you're trading at sort of just a tick under an implied six cap versus the sub bonds that you've described. Second, you guys have been pruning a lot of your legacy JV so it doesn't sound like joint venturing is in order. You already addressed potential proceeds from Albertsons. So where does Kimco get the equity advantage to compete with, especially the non-traded REITs and the other private market REITs that are raising money basically, at entity [ph] this versus where you guys are, which is a discount entity.
Conor Flynn: I think when you look at Alex, when you look at the amount of cash, we have sitting on our balance sheet, starting there, we were sitting with records amounts of cash, that's, that's not earning anything. On our balance sheet, we have tremendous access to capital. So start there, then you look at the 200 plus millions of free cash flow we have after dividends. So you combine those two factors, and obviously, we're sitting pretty with the amount of cash we have there. And that doesn't account for any monetization of Albertsons, which Glenn mentioned earlier, which is an additional call it 300 million to 400 million plus. We do feel like we are in a good position to accretively our cash that's sitting on the side-lines right now. Now, we do look at our cost of capital every day and make sure that we focus on investing accretively there. And we do feel like when you look at the opportunity set of what Ross outlaid, all of our investment opportunities and blend those returns together, we do feel like we actually are in a unique position to invest accretively even in these competitive markets where we're trying to add to our scale and our concentration.
David Jamieson: Yes, so I would just add, there's no doubt when you look at the cap rates that some of these assets are trading at that we're going to be, passing on a lot more deals than we're going to be winning. But we also factor into our analysis, a variety of different metrics. So, the going and cap rate is one metric. But if there's an asset or a portfolio that has substantial growth, substantial below market leases, redevelopment opportunity, the year one cap rate, and NOI is really just one of many factors that we're taking into consideration when evaluating our strategy. And as Conor mentioned, it really is a blend of the structured investments, the acquisitions, the partnership buyouts, so when you put it all together, it does come blend out to a return that's well in excess of our cost of capital.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Bilerman: Thanks. Conor, I want to talk about the sort of spread between lease and occupancy which has continued to grow. And I wanted you to sort of unpack it a little bit. It sounds like the leasing activity, in terms of driving the lease rate up is a big driver for that. And I just didn't know if the tenants not taking occupancy. Is that due to any sort of -- is it labor, labor? Is it construction? Is there just a delay in getting these stores open for that rent to start commencing? Or is it just that the leasing environment is so strong? So you're pushing the headline lease number faster than you're able to get the stores open? And how do you sort of see that trending as we move throughout the year?
Conor Flynn: Sure. Thanks, Michael. I'll start and then Dave, you can you can jump in. It is a combination of right now we're seeing leasing volume continued to be a robust levels where it's taking that that spread up and that's sort of the driver of it in the first quarter. Now we are laser focused on trying to get our tenants open and paying rent as quickly as possible. For many, many years we’ve even have internal expeditors that are just focused on the process of as soon as the ink hits the paper on lease, we take that tenant in hand walk them through the process of getting, their permits and getting open and operating as quickly as possible. Because the sophistication of tenants vary greatly in that process and we felt like it's a priority of ours every day is a day that we could be collecting more rent so that is a big focus of ours. Another supply chain issues as I mentioned earlier are still a factor. We have pre ordered a lot of HVAC units roofing materials, those types of items that we know use a certain amount on an annual basis to try and expedite the process. Labor is still an issue, as you've seen with the tight labor markets. Now, our scale does come in handy when we are doing multiple projects in areas. We do have the ability to use multiple crews on some on assets that are clustered together. So we do have some scale advantages there and some efficiencies of scale. So that's, again, one of the ways that we continue to try and use our platform to our advantage.
David Jamieson: Yes, and then just speak a little bit about the numbers. So our leads economic did grow from 270 basis points to 310 basis points this quarter, that annualized rent amount of that delta spread is now equal to $46 million, whereas previously, it was $40 million when we talked about it last quarter. We did have a number of tenants commenced rent this quarter. In the quarter it’s about $1.3 million, on an annualized basis, that represents just over $8 million. We do anticipate another 10 million to 15 million to come through the balance of this year through tenant openings. Specifically to your question, Michael, the new lease activity did outpace any impact that we have seen as a result of tenant delays, that is still relatively modest when you look at the larger sum. So we're still on track for the year, but the pool is growing as a result of the demand that we've seen on the new lease activity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning. Just question on gas prior collections that they were also strong in this quarter? How discussions with tenants that may have had had prior to collection issues? And just generally where are you in terms of the potential pool of prior year receivables that you could collect?
Kathleen Thayer: Yes, it’s Kathleen Thayer. So in terms of prior collections to answer that part of your question, we did have about $6.4 million in collections that related to prior period receivables. And then just also to know what our cash basis tenants for the quarter we did collect 76% on those receivables for the quarter. If you're looking at what's the potential of course, we would love to know truly what it is we're going to get paid on our uncollected, but I think it helps; it's helpful to break it down in this way. We look at our reserves, about 70% of the reserve relates to cash basis tenants, which is about $30.6 million. And then inside that number, I'll break it down a little bit further for you at $9.6 million of that is related to tenants that vacated the space. So of course, when the tenant vacates the probability of collecting, it's a little bit harder as they're not a current tenant. And then another piece to that to keep in mind is of that cash basis number $1.5 million of it is related to deferred receivables. So they have a long period of time to pay those receivables. But I think with all those pieces, it kind of lays out, what do you have potentially on the high rise. But again, we don't really know exactly what it is we're going to collect. We're hopeful that we will collect something, but that's why we do reserve it just to be conservative in that aspect.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Derek Johnston: Hi, good morning, everyone. Ross given the rise in the tenure, the cap rate spread is pretty compressed versus historicals. We know there is ample investor capital focused on retail but are you starting to see any real time upside pressure to cap rates? Perhaps fewer better. I mean so far I agree they do seem pretty firm. But either in future potential deals or if not yet, how is private market investor sentiment trending?
Ross Cooper: Yes, it's a great question. And we're watching it very closely. And what I can tell you is we have not seen any slowdown as of yet for our product type. And I think it's a variety of factors, you named a couple, there is a substantial amount of capital, the fundamentals of our business continue to showcase the strength. And when you look at the spread that we have still to some of the other asset classes, it is a very compelling case for investors to buy high quality, open air shopping centers. So again, we're watching it very closely. We have not seen any slowdown on bidding on both assets that we're trying to acquire as well as some of the assets in our joint ventures that are on the market for sale. We have an asset right now that is in the best and final that we're selling. And there's three or four groups that are really neck and neck trying to win the deal. So I think if there was any sign that there was concern about that we would start to see it in some of these processes and it's just not there yet, but we'll continue to be very disciplined with our capital and we watched the capital markets closely.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, guys, good morning. And I apologize in advance for a multi partner here. But I wanted to ask you about spreads, spreads were a big in the first quarter. I guess I'm curious, are we looking at a new norm here a new level of norm and that small shop is becoming a bigger piece of your leasing here. And with small shop occupancy at 88%, what’s in the guide for year end, small shop? And then can you clarify what is the same-store NOI guide. I think last quarter, you mentioned around 3%, just to get some clarity on if that's been updated at all? Thank you.
Conor Flynn: I will take the first two. And then I'll kick it over to my colleague Glenn Cohen to take third. As it relates to spreads and to say every quarter spreads are lumpy, spreads are all dependent on the population of that given quarter. This quarter, obviously, we were encouraged by the spread count of achieving that 18%. Last quarter is a little bit less, but but still in the double digit range. So it is really just dependent on a quarter-over-quarter. But generally speaking, when you look at the trend line, we look at the net effective rents. The net effect of rents, when we look at the trailing four quarters is still growing at a modest pace going in the right direction. So we're encouraged by that, as the new rents are helping offset some of the obviously the increasing costs that we've seen due to inflation supply chain issues, etcetera. So still very much encouraged by that trend. As it relates to small shop occupancy. Yes, it is at 88.4%. When you look at a year-over-year comparable, it's up 260 basis points. Weingarten did have a have an impact to that, to the positive, which is good, but even on the Kimco legacy stuff, we're up substantially year-over-year. So it is moving in the right direction. In terms of credit, we're seeing 60% of our small shop deals come from national and regional players. So you are building a stronger credit base with these new deals going to go for which is a good sign in terms of sustained cash flows in the future. But we don't we don't post guidance for occupancy at year end, but again, to my earlier remarks, that we tend to see a 10 basis point to 30 basis point recovery during the great recession or and well now we have a 30 basis point overall game this quarter. So we're encouraged by the science and the direction we're going. Glenn?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. So as it relates to your question regarding same-site NOI, as we've mentioned a few times already, 2022 same-site NOI guidance is a little tricky. You have so much reversal of credit loss in the prior year, which is why you saw incredibly strong same-site NOI last year. So you're looking at very, very difficult or challenging comps for the next three quarters because of that. Having said that, if you want to pull out all the credit loss, just look at it and where the growth is coming from. It is in that 3% range. And the real encouraging point is because of the increased occupancy, we've seen the minimum rent composition of it really improved. So they're in the first quarter, the minimum rent component of same-site NOI growth made up 3.9% of that total growth number. So that to me is really the driving factor. And so we and again, at the end of the day, we still think put it all together even with the credit loss, that will be possible.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning, maybe just a follow up question on the Albertsons plan, given that late June is just two months away at this point. So could you confirm probably, again, whether any monetization is currently assumed in guidance? And if it's not, why is that? Is it just that at this point, you aren't sure what the use of proceeds would be so choose not to, or is there a possibility that you don't monetize some this year?
Conor Flynn: So it's not in guidance, except for the fact that the dividends that we earn from the investment are in our guidance numbers. Again, we monitor the investment very, very closely. And until we get to the end of the lockout period, it's very, very hard to predict what we're going to be able to do and they're still in the middle of their own strategic alternatives. So it's somewhat fluid. But come the end of June, we see that we'll have our opportunities and our options available to us. But again, not in the guidance except for the dividend components.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. I'm wondering did any parts of the portfolio disproportionately add to the quarters sequential occupancy gain, whether it was something geographical or Weingarten or something else.
Conor Flynn: So overall occupancy actually with gains were made across the entire company. So that was actually a really encouraging sign when you saw, east to west, north to south all see positive gains and momentum in terms of occupancy. Obviously, when we look at the Sunbelt, and coastal markets, it's representative of over 95% of our activity. That's where we're seeing sizable momentum. I think it's no surprise to anybody obviously, Florida is doing quite well as is Texas and other markets down there. And so you are seeing, some stronger, stronger rent growth coming from the Sunbelt/coastal markets, versus our non-coastal non-Sunbelt markets. But overall, everyone had positive gains.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks and good morning. So given the strong leasing environment, I'm curious about your strategy, when it comes to perhaps proactively engaging from the weaker credit tenants that that may have gotten a boost from COVID demand, any kind of insights into your mental approach that you can share?
Conor Flynn: I mean, we're in touch with our entire tenant base on a regular basis for any of those that continue to struggle, that feel like the end is in sight, we want to be proactive and trying to recapture that space, and create an opportunity to release it and enable them to move on and do something else. That pool I think, is relatively small, again, a lot of it was purchased through the pandemic. But we're always normal course of business, stay very, very close to your tenant base, and, and assist those that need help they feel like have a longer run rate, and then work out an agreement for those that you don't think will make it.
David Jamieson: We did see a few tenants renew that we anticipated vacating this quarter, which, which we found to be interesting, because we didn't see sort of the same move outs as we had budgeted or anticipated. There was a much higher retention rate, even on some of the tenants that we thought were going to give back their space, they did not. So again, that reflects in your earlier comments that we made.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please proceed with your question.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I was going to ask you something about getting a green light from the markets because you're trading in line with consensus NAV, but Alex sort of asked that one already. So I'm going to move on and maybe talk a little bit about leasing strategy. And maybe Dave, you can comment on when you're signing new leases. Obviously, the majority of your space is anchor space as it is for most strip owners. And those anchor tenants tend to have longer rents. But when they come up, you have bigger, bigger spreads, potentially. But if you can talk about the bumps that you're getting, in particular, also the bumps on the small shop space, has that gone up? Are you getting or negotiating higher, fixed [ph] bumps in your rents as a result of the either the market strength or the higher inflation environment today? And maybe if you can get sort of comment on your on your profile and how that is shifting, potentially going forward with the lack of new supply in the market in the last decade, in the shopping center space, does that give you more confidence going forward on some of your, some of your growth prospects?
David Jamieson: Sure, yes. A lot a lot there. So I'll try to unpack it a little bit. Well economics are really driven by the markets, right? And each of the sub markets supply demand dynamic is your number one driver to help determine where you have pricing power. Obviously with our spreads and what we've been showing, we feel good about the position that we're in that we have the pricing power to push rents north, across the majority of all the markets that we operate in. As it relates to bonds and escalations, when you look at the anchors, we typically say 10% to 12%. On average is what you're pushing for, again you might get a higher rent, maybe an adjustment in the area, your increases, maybe there's some consideration to cost so it all goes into the soup there to determine the final economic deal. But we try to push those as much as we can. On the small shop side, we've averaged around 3% to 4%. Historically, there are some markets, in the Sunbelt area, that pricing power is such that we can push it further north than that at times, and our teams, our tasks, and know the markets best about when they can do that. And when they can leverage that opportunity, as their occupancy starts to tick up, that pricing power should increase as well. But really, yes, it's a multidimensional negotiation. I'm in a place and what's available and in the rest of the economic structure that goes into the deal. But that net, we're seeing encouraging signs for we need to be.
Conor Flynn: Floris, the other thing I would add is that we're in the very early innings of trying to understand the dynamic of how much occupancy costs are changing due to the fact of e-commerce being a halo to the physical store. And we don't really have perfect data on that yet. But I think that's part of the reason why our renewals and our retention rates are much higher, because that occupancy cost is dramatically different than the traditional occupancy costs that reflects sort of the four walls. So I think that's a trend we're actively trying to unpack. As Dave mentioned, it really is all market driven. But I think the retention rates are going to be higher, due to the fact that this additional benefits occupancy cost is flowing through to the retailer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Chris Lucas, with Capital One Securities. Oh, one mistake. Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jeffries. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi, good morning, when your smaller peers discussed the capacity to buy non anchored centers, given the ability to pursue centers with a high percentage of credit tenants, I know your bread and butters grocery is anchored. But is this something you would pursue maybe given the opportunity to achieve better yield?
Conor Flynn: That's a good question. We do look at a lot of different formats of retail at the end of the day. For us, it's a very local business that comes down to the real estate. So if we determine that there is value creation or upside, it with below market leases with redevelopment potential, then we would consider any format of open air retail. What we've tend, what we tend to see in the marketplace today is the strength of the grocery anchor, the amount of visits that it creates, the traffic that it creates being a real benefit to the overall asset and the cash flow of that asset. So, we continue to focus on maybe some larger format centers and grocery anchor. But that's not to say that for the right piece of real estate, we wouldn't consider alternative formats.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Security. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Lucas: Hey, good morning, everybody. I'm just wanted to follow up sort of Conor on your comments about the importance of last mile. And I guess I was really trying to understand if there's any relationship in rent pricing between last mile industrial, particularly in selected, maybe coastal or very urban markets. And what you're seeing in terms of what you're able to get out of some of your anchor and junior anchor tenants for in terms of rents, just trying to understand if there's any relationship there between the industrial markets and the in the box anchor, or retail space?
Conor Flynn: Yes, Chris, it's a really good question, because I think we're starting to see that that line being blurred dramatically. And it is, tenant by tenant specific of what does their coverage look like in a certain trade area to service that customer? And how do they go about utilizing both their industrial footprint and their retailer footprint to solve that equation? And I think it really just comes down to the specifics of that retailer in that geographic area and how difficult it is to penetrate that, that trade area. So that's where I continue to think we have a pretty unique situation where this on-going trend that's gaining momentum is starting to blur those lines. And again, the occupancy costs that that I mentioned earlier, starting to change the dynamics, I think of the economics of retailers and how much value they put on their physical retail brick and mortar space, as it can operate in a multiple different capacities. So it is early, but I do think that's a trend worth watching.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paulina Rojas with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
Paulina Rojas: Good morning. I am intrigued. That's it the higher interest rate environment you used to use higher hurdle rates for a position. I'm thinking that independent of whether you use or not, debt financing. In theory, keeping all other things constant, the attractiveness of the real estate investment is drops, right, we're looking to other fixed income vehicle.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it very much is a factor. And really, it factors into our cost of capital. So when we look at our cost of capital on a daily basis, it is a blend between our cost of equity and our cost of debt and the volatility there does have an impact on that metric. So in theory, it does play into our mind set and our thought process and the hurdle of what we're looking to acquire. That being said, the cost of capital doesn't necessarily move in tandem with interest rates. And what we've seen in our program and our external growth is that the combination of the structured investments which have a very high yield, combined with some of the third party acquisitions, and partnership buyouts, does still provide us the opportunity to invest at a meaningful spread to that cost of capital, even in a environment where interest rates are moving upwards today, so we watch it very closely. We'll continue to see how it impacts pricing in the marketplace. But with the pipeline that we've created thus far, we're very confident in our ability to invest that accretively.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
David Bujnicki: Just like to thank everybody that participated in the call today. We hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Kimco’s Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference. All participants will be in a listen only mode [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David F. Bujnicki, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s quarterly earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today includes Conor Flynn, Kimco’s CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco’s Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. Also, in the event our call were to incur technical difficulties, we will try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we will post additional information to our Investor Relations website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Today, I will recap our operating results for the fourth quarter, provide an update on our strategic merger with Weingarten and outline our key goals for the year ahead. Ross will give an update on the transaction market and Glenn will cover our earnings results and guidance for 2022. We continue to focus on execution as reflected by our strong fourth quarter performance. Leasing, leasing, leasing has been, is now and will continue to be our first, second and third priority. Our entire team has worked tirelessly to create a one-of-a-kind platform that utilizes our scale, portfolio quality, relationships, procurement abilities, data analytics, tenant support programs, last mile infrastructure and pricing power. This platform has proven to be resilient when times are tough, and shown to generate growth when the economic climate is favorable. It is a key reason why we have been successful in re-leasing pandemic-induced vacancies, while simultaneously attracting best-in-class operators that have embraced the future of last mile omnichannel retail. Now for some details on the quarter. Pro rata occupancy increased to 94.4%, up 30 basis points from last quarter and 50 basis points from a year ago. Anchor occupancy grew 20 basis points from last quarter to 97.1% and was up 40 basis points year-over-year. Small shop occupancy also increased and is now at 87.7%, up 40 basis points from last quarter and 160 basis points from a year ago. Our portfolio continued to exhibit strong pricing power. During the fourth quarter, as illustrated by the solid increase in new leasing spreads, which were up 14.1% based on 152 deals and 588,000 square feet. Blended spreads on renewals and options also increased by a healthy 7%, comprised of 4.1% for renewals and 13.1% for options. These spreads were based on 286 deals covering 1.5 million square feet. Overall, our combined leasing spreads grew 8.1% based on 438 deals covering nearly 2.1 million square feet. A couple of things to note about our strong results. First, the suburbanization trends spurred by the pandemic helped to increase retailer sales and supported our efforts to push rents on our high barrier to entry location. Second, our portfolio continues to benefit from the pandemic-induced work-from-home trends as people are eating more takeout and home cooked meals, which is driving more frequent visits to our restaurants and grocery stores. As a result of this activity, our traffic counts have exceeded 2019 levels. We expect this trend to continue in the post pandemic, new normal as shopping centers continue to play a critical role in omnichannel retailer. Our strategy to have a grocery and mixed-use portfolio surrounding the first ring of our top 20 major metropolitan markets in the U.S. continues. When we started this strategy over five-years ago, it was nearly a 50/50 split of our annual base rent coming from our grocery-anchored shopping centers versus our non-grocer. Today, 80% of our annual base rent comes from shopping centers that have a grocer. We have continued to successfully invest in our assets, and over the past year, signed eight new grocery leases, two of which converted non-grocery spaces. The other six leases backfilled former grocers who vacated. And with the Weingarten merger now complete, we have further solidified our dominant grocery portfolio in the major Sunbelt markets. In addition, we have taken a deep dive into every asset we own and believe there continues to be further opportunity to push our ABR from the portfolio to 85% from grocery-anchored centers and increase our mixed use over the next five-years, with a combination of strategic redevelopment, leasing, acquisitions and to a smaller extent, dispositions. The Weingarten merger was a perfect fit for our strategic vision, and I am happy to report that our fourth quarter results from the Weingarten portfolio exceeded all of our underwriting assumptions. We were ahead on leasing spreads, occupancy gains, retention rates and cash flow. In addition, we have exceeded the high end of the synergy forecast range of $35 million to $38 million, and we will continue to mine for additional savings throughout 2022. With our first full quarter as a combined entity complete, we demonstrated that our proactive efforts to ensure a seamless integration really paid off, resulting in outperformance, including enhanced margins and cash flow. I want to thank all the new and existing Kimco employees for their ongoing commitment and contributions without skipping a beat during the integration. In closing, we have a good visibility into our leasing momentum, and continue to see strong demand across our portfolio in all categories. We remain committed to strengthening our long-term earnings growth through the portfolio by [curating] (Ph) the right merchandising mix that will drive traffic at all points of the day. Ultimately, we expect to be first in the last mile retail by attracting tenants that can plug into the supply chain and deliver goods and services to the consumer in the most flexible and convenient way possible. We believe that this ongoing approach is the best way to generate long-term growth and value creation. Now I will turn it over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thanks, Conor, and good morning, everyone. 2021 was a banner year on many fronts, and we are incredibly excited about the positioning of Kimco and the platform we have built that will support future growth. Today, I will discuss our fourth quarter activity and then make a few comments on current market conditions and our expectations for 2022. As outlined on previous earnings calls, our Q4 transaction activity came mostly from partnership buyouts and structured investments. Buyout activity included two grocery-anchored assets in California for a gross value of 134 million, increasing our ownership from 15% to 100%. The previously announced buyout of Jamestown and the subsequent formation of a new 50/50 partnership with Blackstone’s BREIT, on our portfolio of six high-quality, public-anchored centers in South Florida and Atlanta based upon a gross valuation of 425.75 million, this deal increased our ownership level from 30% to 50%. And the buyout of our partner’s 10% interest in the Centro Arlington project, a 366-unit Class A mixed-use residential asset in Arlington, Virginia for a pro rata price of 26 million, increasing the Kimco ownership on the Signature Series asset to 100%. A major benefit of our joint venture program is the ability to acquire assets throughout the cycle while typically having both the first and last look when the partnership decides it is the appropriate time to exit. While we have had success acquiring portions of several JV assets that we didn’t previously own, we remain prudent in our evaluation. To that point, in the fourth quarter, we sold our interest in several minority-owned joint venture assets where pricing was very aggressive. We anticipate selling a few more joint venture assets in the first quarter of 2022 and as the market remains extremely hot for all open air retail centers. On the structured investment side, we closed on a $15 million mezzanine financing investment in a Sprouts-anchored center in Jacksonville, Florida, adjacent to the dominant St. Johns Town Center. As with prior mezzanine financings, we will retain a right of first refusal in connection with any future sale, while achieving a double-digit current return in the interim. We expect to allocate additional capital towards our structured investment platform and will selectively add assets into the program that fit our criteria for quality locations, tenancy, demographics and sponsors. Since the inception of the preferred equity and mezzanine financing programs in late 2020, we have invested $126 million at double-digit returns, with an option to acquire each of the assets in the future. All of these investments are currently performing as expected. As we have entered 2022, a very different landscape exists than at this time last year. Rent rolls are more predictable and reliable, open-air retail has undoubtedly proven its relevancy for retailers and shoppers alike, and capital continues to flow into our sector. I would classify the investment landscape today as ultra competitive, with very crowded bidding by qualified buyers with an abundance of capital that they are ready to put to work. The relatively modest level of increase in interest rates so far this year has not created any pause in the transaction market with equity investors or lenders at this stage. While this is a positive sign for the industry at large, it creates a challenge for us when seeking external growth opportunities. To illustrate this point, we have seen deals trading at some 5% cap rates regularly including one-off assets and portfolios on the West Coast, Metro D.C., Florida, Boston, New York, Charlotte and elsewhere. Buyers consist of our public REIT peers, non-traded REITs, pension funds and 1031 exchange buyers. In many cases, we are competing with investors who are agnostic on asset class and see a wonderful risk-adjusted return in open-air retail when compared to industrial, multifamily, self-storage or life science, which are trading in the twos and threes. We will continue to be selective and disciplined from an acquisition perspective and ensure that there is a strategic fit or a unique circumstance that helps further differentiate Kimco in this environment. There is no question that we are extremely fortunate to have multiple avenues of investment opportunity to not only provide a slightly greater yield than current market, but a higher likelihood of success than simply participating in a bidding war. As such, we will continue to work through partnership buyouts and structured investments as our main source of external growth, with perhaps a few select third-party assets in the 2022 pipeline as well. Given what we see ahead of us and currently have in the works, we are comfortable to initially guide towards being a net acquirer of real estate investments for this year. Depending on the opportunity set, market conditions and our cost of capital, we will update you on our progress towards this goal as the year continues. I’m now happy to pass it over to Glenn to review our financial results and provide our expectations for the year ahead.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. We finished 2021 with strong fourth quarter results produced from increased occupancy, strong same-site NOI growth, further improvement in collections and credit loss and a full quarter of better-than-expected contribution from the Weingarten acquisition. For the fourth quarter, NAREIT FFO was 240.1 million or $0.39 per diluted share, and includes three million of income or about $0.01 per diluted share related to the valuation adjustment of the Weingarten pension plan. Excluding the pension valuation adjustment, NAREIT FFO would have been $0.38 per diluted share. Either way, this compares favorably to the 133 million or $0.31 per diluted share reported for NAREIT FFO for the fourth quarter of 2020. The increase in FFO was primarily driven by higher NOI of 124.2 million, of which the Weingarten acquisition contributed 91 million. In addition, NOI benefited from improvements in credit loss, abatements and straight-line rent reserves of 28 million compared to the fourth quarter last year. Higher cash collections returning to pre-pandemic levels were the primary driver, including 7.8 million from a cash basis accounts receivable, which were previously reserved. FFO was impacted by higher interest expense of 11.6 million, resulting from the 1.8 billion of debt assumed with the Weingarten acquisition. In addition, G&A expense was higher due to increased staffing levels to support the Weingarten portfolio and higher bonus accrual based on the Company’s operating performance as compared to the fourth quarter last year. We collected 79% of rents due from cash basis tenants for the fourth quarter 2021. Our cash basis tenants now comprise only 6.8% of annualized base rents, down from the 9.1% at the end of the third quarter. The operating portfolio continues to deliver strong results with same-site NOI growth of 12.9% for the fourth quarter of 2021, inclusive of the Weingarten sites for the first time. The primary drivers of the same-site NOI growth were higher minimum rents contributing 3.4% and improved credit loss and lower abatements, adding 9.4%. In addition, redevelopment sites provided an additional 50 basis points. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended 2021 with a very strong liquidity position, comprised of over 330 million in cash and full availability of our $2 billion revolving credit facility. In addition, our marketable securities investment in Albertsons was valued at over 1.1 billion and all restrictions are scheduled to expire in June of this year. As of year-end 2021, our consolidated net debt to EBITDA was 6.1 times, and on a look-through basis, including our pro rata share of joint venture debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding was 6.6 times, the lowest reported level since the company began disclosing this metric in 2009. On a pro forma basis, if the Albertsons investment were converted to cash, these metrics would improve by 0.7 times, bringing look-through net debt-to-EBITDA below six times. Now for our 2022 outlook. While the pandemic and its effects on certain of our tenants continues, we are in a much better position than a year ago, given our strong balance sheet and highly diversified and well-located open-air shopping center portfolio. Consumers continue to frequent our high-quality centers, which offer necessity-based everyday goods and services. Our initial 2022 NAREIT FFO per share guidance range is $1.46 to $1.50. The guidance range is based on the following assumptions: same-property NOI growth will be positive. Please keep in mind the robust comps we will have for the last three quarters of 2022 are against varying levels of significant improvement in credit loss during the same period in 2021. A normalized credit loss for 2022 of 100 basis points or approximately 18 million. No additional income from the collection of prior period accounts receivable attributable to cash basis tenants or reinstatement of straight-line rent receivables. No redemption charges or prepayment charges associated with callable preferred stock outstanding or early repayment of debt obligations. No monetization of Albertsons shares, but inclusive of the expected dividends from the investment. Total real estate acquisitions net of dispositions of 100 million, subject to timing. Annual G&A expenses of approximately 105 million to 112 million, with the first quarter higher due to the timing of annual equity awards. Annual financing expenses of 248 million to 258 million from debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding and no issuance of common equity. Based on our expected performance during 2022, the Board has raised a quarterly cash dividend on the common stock to $0.19 per share representing an 11.8% increase. This dividend level is based on anticipated REIT taxable income for 2022 and represents an FFO payout ratio in the low 50% area, based on our 2022 NAREIT FFO guidance range. Looking back, 2021 was an incredibly successful year despite the ongoing pandemic. We fully integrated the $6 billion Weingarten portfolio, successfully on-boarded close to 100 associates, improved occupancy levels, produced positive leasing spreads all year and made significant progress on our leverage metrics. There is a lot to be proud of, and we thank the entire Kimco team for all their hard work and commitment. We look forward to another successful year in 2022. And with that, we are ready to take your questions.
David Bujnicki: In terms of the Q&A, we have a pretty decent line up today. To make an efficient process, I encourage you just to ask one question with an appropriate follow-up and then you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Andrew, you could take the first caller.
Operator: The first questioner is Rich Hill from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Richard Hill: Hey good morning guys. I wanted to just come back to the guide for a little bit and talk about the same-store NOI guide of being positive. I think that is well below maybe some of the expectations and even some of the long-term forecast that you had put out. And so while I appreciate desire to be conservative and I do appreciate the tough comps comment, maybe you can just elaborate on that a little bit more and help us unpack it and maybe provide a little bit more of a bridge.
Glenn Cohen: Sure, Rich. It is Glenn. Hey how are you doing? Again, we do expect it to be positive for the full year. But as we have talked about, the metric itself is a little bit tough because of all the noise that is in the credit loss aspect of it, between reserves, straight-line rents coming back. So you have that. So it is a challenge to really endpoint a really specific range. If you took all the credit loss out on both sides of it, same-site NOI growth would be somewhere close to the 3% range. That will give you a feel for where it is, but to pinpoint a specific range today, it is just very challenging. However, we are comfortable and confident that it will be positive this year.
Richard Hill: Okay. That is helpful. I appreciate that. And just one more follow-up regarding the guide. I noted that you are not including Albertsons in it, which I understand. And I also understand that Albertsons monetization wouldn’t go into FFO. But given where your net debt-to-EBITDA is, maybe, Conor, this is a question for you, what would you do with the monetization? It sounds like the buying assets is really competitive right now, your debt levels are at a good level. When you think about deploying that capital and recognize you want to maintain maximum flexibility. But could you maybe just walk through the capital allocation process?
Conor Flynn: Sure. Thanks, Rich, for the question. The beauty of the Albertsons investment, it gives us a menu of different options to utilize that capital. We do have two bonds actually coming due this year. We have two callable preferreds. So that is obviously a piece of the menu. We do have some opportunities on external growth, as Ross outlined in his script. We like our strategy there of looking at - buying out joint venture partners, looking at core properties as well as the mezz and pref investments that we have been making. We have a lot of leasing and redevelopment spend to do. There is no doubt about it. You have seen the uptick in the leasing volumes, and that continues to be wind at our back and say, I think we are really in the sweet spot in terms of last mile retail and where retailers want to invest not only in the existing store fleet but in net new stores. So we have got a great menu of options. We will continue to see as the year progresses, how that Albertsons investment continues to perform. But we feel very fortunate to have that as an additional almost free equity raise that we will look to deploy that really.
Richard Hill: Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. A really nice acceleration on the re-leasing spread, and that was both on the new leases and renewals. Can you walk through what is driving the gains, were they broad-based, were they concentrated in certain markets like anything to dig into where the strength is coming from would be really helpful.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yes. This is Dave Jamieson. It is broad-based, but I would say that the majority of our leases our leases are executed in 2021 came from the Sunbelt and coastal markets. That is a substantial majority of our portfolio at this point. So when you look at geographic concentration, that is where we are seeing a significant uptick in activity. In terms of our ability to push rents, you have seen it through the course of this year, you have no new supply from development that is come online, you have this COVID inventory that is getting absorbed relatively quickly as a result of what Conor mentioned, the value of last mile distribution and the utility of brick-and-mortar retail has really come into its own through the pandemic. And so you have these demand drivers that are pushing it with muted supply that is helping us push rents further north. So we are very encouraged by the spreads this quarter. I always say the spreads are lumpy. It is all about the deals that qualify as comp deals in any given quarter. So it does go up. It does go down. But when I look at the net effect of rents, it is really what we are focused on because that factors in costs as well. We are up over 9% when we look at our trailing four quarters in Q4, and we were up at 12% year-over-year. So that, to me, is a better indicator where we are going because that is factoring in the cost as well.
Michael Goldsmith: That is really helpful. And as a relevant follow-up, as we think about the drivers of leasing, can we hit the point where the pent-up demand has dried up and what is left is, I don’t know, like good old-fashioned underlying demand rather than a catch-up that we had kind of been seeing in the past?
David Jamieson: No, I think you still have pent-up demand that is flushing through the system. But more importantly, it is retailers redefining their strategy and how to utilize brick-and-mortar. And you have some of the leaders like Target who have been at the forefront for years now continuing to find ways to repurpose their small format as well as their full-sized store. They are continuing to make investments to test how they can better connect with the customer. I think you are then starting to see that trickle down into other national, regional and local players. You are seeing digitally native brands come into the market appreciating that brick-and-mortar has value. The margins are better on distribution to the customers. So you are seeing this somewhat reinvention of how people are utilizing the box, like for fulfillment within in the store is becoming a component. When you look at the grocery stores, carving out 10,000 to 15,000 square feet of their box and/or leasing adjacent space to accommodate this new use. So you are beyond just the pent-up demand, which still takes time to absorb. You are seeing new utility for the box and the shopping center, which I think is really encouraging as we move into what I consider the next iteration of the open-air sector.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Just one thing to add on that is if you watch our retailers, and I anticipate this to occur not just this quarter but for the next few quarters, you will see a capital allocation shift really towards last mile retail. And I think that is where you are going to start to see significant dollars being invested in existing stores because they are hard to replace as well as net new stores. And I think that is going to be a big shift from prior years where they were probably more focused on the e-commerce platform and are now really starting to shift more the additional dollars towards that last mile retail.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much. Good luck in 2022.
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Hey good morning everybody. So Conor, I just wanted to kind of dig a little bit more into this guidance here. I guess what are you assuming from Weingarten? I know we have talked about the overhead savings before, but I’m just trying to understand in terms of additional opportunities, the margins that from Weingarten’s perspective, I remember at that time, their occupancy rate was probably about 100 basis points lower. Just trying to see what is baked in the guidance. What are the opportunities that exist there in the portfolio today?
Conor Flynn: Yes. Good question. So the Weingarten portfolio did have lower occupancy when we announced the deal. Within the time frame by the time we announced it when we closed, the occupancy actually caught up to Kimco’s occupancy level. So we are sort of in tandem now as we go forward. The nice part about, as Dave mentioned on the demand side of it, the leasing is robust across the Sunbelt and the coastal markets. And we continue to lean into our strategy there of portfolio reviews using our size and scale, using our ability to tap our network for new concepts, and continue to think that, that is really going to be the driving force of the earnings growth going forward. . There will be some synergy savings, as I mentioned in my script, going forward, that are above our targeted range that we are mining for. We have been very focused on the integration. We have hit the ground running. As you have seen with our results, there hasn’t been any sort of bubble of any type to like where we hit a pause. We have hit the ground running and think that there is more opportunities on the redevelopment side. We focused on entitlements on their major mixed-use projects as well. Ross mentioned buying out the JV partner and the mixed-use asset near our Pentagon project, so we have a nice cluster there of mixed-use assets that continue to define our strategy in the D.C. market. So there is a number of different levers to pull for growth from the Weingarten portfolio. First and foremost is the leasing side of it. Second is obviously the redevelopment side of it and then the JV buyouts, as I mentioned before. So it is a nice menu of options to help our growth profile going forward. And obviously, the Sunbelt continues to shine.
Samir Khanal: And my second question, I guess for Glenn, is just in terms of prior period rent collections that you could potentially collect in 2022. I mean how big is that bucket today. Please remind us on that And then maybe of that bucket, what percentage of those tenants are sort of still active today in the business?
Kathleen Thayer: So Samir, it is actually Kathleen, and I will jump in and answer your question. So I think, of course, we all wish we had a crystal ball and we don’t. But I think the best way to look at it is right now, our cash basis tenants have a reserve of about $35.5 million. And so in that number, about seven million of it relates to our deferred receivables and then about quarter of it is related to vacated tenants. So when you are narrowing down what we are looking at from a cash basis perspective, you start with that 35.5%, which is what the reserve is. And then any collections on that is on the plus side.
Glenn Cohen: I will just add. Again, as I mentioned inside the guidance, we are not anticipating any further collections from that. So to the extent that we pick up some of it, it will just be additive to where we are.
Samir Khanal: Thanks so much guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. The off-price category seems particularly aggressive in terms of store opening. I think between TJX, Ross and Burlington, they plan on opening over 350 stores. I wonder if you could tell us how many of these stores are entering into the Kimco portfolio in 2022?.
David Jamieson: Yes. So off-price combined with some dollar stores actually represented in 2021, almost 25% of the deal flow. So you are seeing a substantial voice from the off-price category. And I would anticipate that that demand will continue through 2022. TJ has multiple brands, all of which they are pushing. They have been really encouraged by the signs that they saw through the pandemic. T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, HomeSense is now expanding to new markets, they are trading as well. So they see a lot of runway and a lot of white space that they can fill and also greater density and pockets of concentration to grab market share. Same with Burlington. Burlington continues to modify their footprint. They are becoming much more efficient in the utility of the box. So it gives them more flexibility to penetrate markets that may otherwise not have been available to them in the past. So I think you are going to continue to see them grab market share where they can, appreciating that they really are in the sweet spot. People love the treasure hunt, price point is appropriate, they have goods and services, they have a good supply chain, merchandise mix. So they are in a good position right now.
Craig Schmidt: Yes. And Kimco has been trying to add grocers to the portfolio, can you give us an update on the number of grocers you have been able to add?
David Jamieson: Yes. We did eight grocery deals in 2021, and we converted a couple of those non-grocery centers into grocery-anchored centers. In terms of the grocery demand, it really is across the board as well. Sprouts’ expanding, you have fresh market expanding. You have New Seasons in Pacific Northwest looking to do new deals. You have Aldi, on more the value-oriented side expanding. So grocers have appreciated that, obviously, they were in vogue during the pandemic. They are continuing able to retain customers, to some of Conor’s earlier point, about the change in behavior with this hybrid work-from-home, go-to-work, structured now, it does increase maybe our shops one time a week, one more meal at home. That has a material impact when you scale it across the country. So I think you will continue to see that expand through. And obviously, Amazon and their grocery initiative as well is fairly aggressive.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi good morning, thanks for the time. Just hoping you could talk a little bit about expectations or range of expectations underlying the guidance for both occupancy and spread the cadence and/or trends from 2021 into 2022. And how you think we should be looking at that given a robust environment to start the year?
David Jamieson: So occupancy, we try to look back to look forward. And when we look back in the Great Recession, we had noticed around a 10 to 30 basis point gain quarter-over-quarter on the recovery rate. Obviously, this last year, we had about a 50 basis point gain on the recovery year-over-year. In 2021, we are going to hold within that range of that 10 to 30. It can be lumpy at times. Obviously, historically been a little more muted as it is always the jingle mill, you get back post holiday. So you would have to manage that. And then as you play it out through the course of the year, that is sort of where we are seeing it today. But demand is strong, as we have already talked about.
Juan Sanabria: Any color on spreads?
David Jamieson: Spreads, again, I mentioned it before, spreads are lumpy. It really depends on what falls into that that category on a quarterly basis. What I would say is when you look at our 2022 and 2023 anchor rollover schedule, it is about $12 a foot in rent. Our average ABR on anchor signed last year was $17. So you have a nice window there to continue to see growth in the rents. And again, we are highly focused on NER, and that is where we are seeing some encouraging times as well.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I would just add, we still, as a portfolio, have large amount of below-market rents. So as those come due, they add pretty considerably to the portfolio. But to Dave’s point, they are lumpy.
Juan Sanabria: And then just my last question, just on the joint venture buyouts and/or sales, any quantum you can give us in terms of the potential opportunity for how you guys are thinking about it on both the acquisition and/or sales side? It seems you kind of hinted at some dispositions here in the first half of the year particular on that. Any color around size and/or pricing around those potential transactions?
Ross Cooper: Yes. I mean it is a little bit difficult to predict. We keep in very close contact with each and every one of our partners, and they all have varying degrees of views on time horizon on their investment strategy. So we are having active conversations with several. We don’t know necessarily which ones will hit this year or next year or even five-years into the future. So we try to maintain a pretty conservative view on our acquisition and disposition guidance. But what I can tell you is that several partners are active today. As I mentioned, we have sold a couple of joint venture minority interest that we own in the fourth quarter and already here in the first quarter thus far, and we do anticipate a few more on both the acquisition and disposition side. So we will update you as the year progresses in terms of what the volume is, but there are substantial active conversations ongoing.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi good morning. Maybe just a question back on the credit loss. So guidance is assuming a headwind of 100 basis points. Can you go through how this would compare to pre-pandemic years? And to what extent this is based on specific tenants that you have concern about versus a more general unknown bucket?
Glenn Cohen: Caitlin, I mean, again, credit loss, if you look pre-pandemic, we were in a range of somewhere in the 75 to 85 basis points in a given year. Again, very hard to predict early on, so we take an approach of 100 basis points in our guidance. And then obviously, we will report quarter-by-quarter. But we think it is a good starting point. And we do feel pretty good about where the collection levels are because they are back to more pre-pandemic levels. And I would say the tenant base is certainly very, very strong today. The pandemic was able to - you have a lot of tenants that went away that probably needed to go away. And the team has just done a great job replacing that, and you have uplift coming certainly from the occupancy side from the low that we hit. So we think that is really the right starting point.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Got it. And then maybe just one back to Albertsons. I was wondering if you could go through what the kind of FFO tax implications could be when there is a monetization. As in given the time you have waited, to what extent are you able to manage and avoid a more significant impact or not?
Glenn Cohen: That is a great question. I think as I mentioned previously, in any given year, the way the investments held today, we could sell and absorb a gain in the REIT of around $350 million. And we could do that to stay a REIT. The key there is the gross receipts test, the 75% gross receipt test. So if you look at overall gross receipts of the company today it is somewhere in that 1.7 billion, 1.8 billion range, we could do around 350 million of gain, and we would be fine. From an FFO standpoint, again, we are not including gains on marketable securities and FFO. So it is not an FFO issue, but obviously the cash would come in and how we utilize that cash would have some impact on FFO. Bear in mind that whatever we sell, the dividend that we are earning, which is baked in the guidance would fall away. So we have room. Again, we also have strategies that if something was larger, we can move part of the investment back into a TRS. That has other tax implications. So we are going to monitor the investment and try and be as opportunistic as we can and monetizing it over time.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey good morning. I was hoping to talk about the development pipeline just for a moment, which kind of appears to be going down quarter-over-quarter as you continue to deliver projects. But has that become a less-important aspect to the growth story relative to external growth or how should we think about the potential for adding projects, especially given the mixed-use entitlements you already have?
Ross Cooper: Yes. It is great question, obviously accurate observation. I would say where you are seeing the strategic shift on our investment on the development and redevelopment side is less of an influence on a go-forward basis on ground-up development and more of an emphasis on redevelopment. Redevelopment broken into two distinct categories. The first one being our core retail redevelopments. It has been part of our DNA for last 10, 15-years, and that is really the repositioning of retail within the center, adding of outparcels; anchor repositionings, which are a very big focus of ours right now coming out of COVID and backbone space. And the second part of that is the activation of our entitlements to mix use pipeline. So as you can see in the SEP, we obviously have The Milton that is currently under construction, Phase II of the Pentagon Centre, which is across the Amazon HQ campus in Arlington, Virginia. In addition to that, though, we do have a couple of ground leases, one in Camino Square, which is in South Florida; as well as the Avery Tower 2, which is part of the Dania Pointe project, that is another 600 or so residential units. So we almost have about 1,000 units under construction, either through our joint venture structure at the Pentagon or a rounded structure. We will continue to focus on the opportunity to activate some of those entitled projects in the future. The time and how the structure is, will be sort of condition on the market and what we see as the most opportunistic way to proceed. So that is definitely where we are going to apply our focus going forward.
Greg McGinniss: So is there any like level of guidance you can give on kind of expected pipeline size in terms of future development or future spends that expected to stay around the same level and just recycle as you finish up assets? Or do we expect some growth in the level of pipeline size income and spend each year?
Glenn Cohen: I would say, from a future spend standpoint, somewhere between 100 million and 125 million a year on redevelopment is what we have baked into our plan. So pretty similar to what you have seen previously. But again, we are going to be very methodical and disciplined about how we start executing on those projects.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Katie McConnell with Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman: It is Michael Bilerman here with Katie. Maybe Glenn sticking with you, I just wanted to circle back on the guidance just to make sure that we all have it correctly. Coming out of the fourth quarter, I think you said the $0.39 was really $0.38 when you adjust for the Weingarten benefit on the G&A, so call it about 1.52 going to next year. It appears this credit loss reserve, obviously, you had a benefit in the fourth quarter, which probably added $0.01 to $0.015. So maybe the run rate is 36.5, which is effectively the low end of your guidance. And so I’m just trying to put it all together because it sounds like everything is really positive. You have increased synergies going next year from Weingarten, you have positive same-store, you have positive net investment income, you have the benefit of the investments you made in the fourth quarter. So I guess I’m struggling a little bit to sort of comprehend the 1.46 to 1.50 and why that really shouldn’t be up towards 1.50 to 1.54.
Glenn Cohen: So Michael, I guess he was sitting in the room with me when we were doing guidance because your math is pretty accurate. Again, you hit on the points that are important, right? The Weingarten pension accrual is a onetime thing. So again, that is why we have pointed it out. So you do need to pull that roughly penny out for that. About 7.8 million of collections of prior period cash basis tenants that came during the quarter. So again, in our guidance, as I mentioned, that is not in there. So to the extent that we collect some of that, you are right, there is some room for upside and your run rate is kind of where you are at. That is right, too. This is where we are going to start out. We feel good about where things are. We have put credit loss back in, which is a pretty significant number. We are using $18 million of credit loss in the numbers for this year, where we had, net-net, about $7 million of income. So year-over-year, you are looking at like a $25 million swing, which is $0.04 or $0.05. So that is kind of the math. As we will go forward, we will see where things fall out and we will make adjustments accordingly.
Conor Flynn: Yes, Michael, just remember, we are still in the midst pandemic, and we felt like this was the appropriate starting spot. Now as you have seen before, it is not how you start is how you finish. And so I think we are focused on that. And we feel like as we would sit in still in the midst of a pandemic, we feel like it is a good starting spot.
Michael Bilerman: So it sounds like there is nothing else other than this credit loss of 100 basis points that obviously would be probably an incremental drag relative to where Street estimates are probably in the range of at least $0.02 to $0.03 relative to probably what people were expecting. Is there anything else in your numbers that is acting as a negative surprise or conversely, are there things out there other than credit loss that could be a positive surprise? I’m just trying to make sure that there is nothing else that we are missing in the numbers.
Glenn Cohen: I think there is a couple of things, I mean we are early on in the year. We have talked about the fact that there is a fair amount of refinancing that needs to be done. So depending on where interest rates are at the time we do it, that could have some level of impact on where everything falls out and where things go forward. And again, Albertsons, again, is not really baked into the numbers at this point. So anything that happens there has some impact as well. So again, it is early on. We tried to lay out all the pieces of the way we are thinking about it. And again, as we move along through the year, we will continue to update it.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Katy, I had a question as well.
Kathleen McConnell: It is Katy. Just wanted to go back to capital allocation again, the acquisition guidance is pretty light start. I’m just wondering how much you think you could potentially allocate this year to debt or preferred pay down as opposed to refi for your upcoming maturities.
Glenn Cohen: So our capital plan is to really refinance obviously, the bonds that we have. The company today is forecasted to generate around 200 million of free cash flow after dividends. I mean, again, cash is fungible. But to the extent that the plan ran exactly as is, we would expect that for the most part, we could use a good portion of that cash towards debt - again, it is fungible, but towards debt repayment. So overall, again, depending on how the whole year goes, you are not expecting debt levels, absolute debt levels really
Kathleen McConnell: Got it. okay, thanks.
Glenn Cohen: I think I just want to add one other point, again, just back to Michael a little bit. I think I have said in my prepared remarks, there are no charges baked into this plan or the redemption of preferreds or any prepayment charges related around your debt. Should any of that occur, obviously we will make adjustments to the headline FFO guidance, but that is not incorporated in the plan today.
Michael Bilerman: And is the refinancing and the accretion or dilution embedded in the numbers I mean do you have anything from the net effect of it, forget about the charges for a second?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Yes, we do. There is a modest amount that is baked into it. But remember, most of it is later in the year. So the first preferred is in callable until middle of August, and the second preferred isn’t callable until December 20. So you are going to have very little impact for 2022 as it relates to that. The bonds don’t mature until October 15th and November 1st. So a similar situation where the refinancing of those items is really late in the year. So it is more of a - we will get to it later, but it is more of a 2023 impact, and we will see where the refinancings of those occur at the time.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey good morning and Dave, maybe you will permit me to use Michael Bilerman’s two plus one question. So just following up on Michael’s question, just for simplicity, what is the abnormal or sort of the onetime benefit in 2021 because obviously, you guys collected a lot of back rent, et cetera. So as we think about the base run rate heading into 2022, how much was 2021 inflated by the one-timers, the catch-up repayment of prior due rent, et cetera?
Kathleen Thayer: Hey Alex, it is Kathleen. So for 2021 if you include AR, deferred and straight line, it is closer to 7.3 million is the income that we did record related to those items.
Alexander Goldfarb: To 7.1 million. So basically, when we are thinking about the comp to get to the guidance for 2022, we would take out - call it, 7.5 million of FFO to start the base?
Kathleen Thayer: Yes and then add in the 100 basis points from the credit loss that we have built into the projections.
Glenn Cohen: Correct. So you really have - you have a spread of - that was I was mentioning, a spread of about $25 million when you are looking at the guidance. .
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Okay. Now for my two questions. The first is, obviously, we got the CPI print 7.5%, which is just crazy. But you mentioned that the bidding for shopping centers is intensifying no real change in cap rates. Couldn’t you make the argument that given there is been no supply in like 15-years and you have a lot of tenants finally coming back to their store fleets, that we will actually see cap rates continue to compress as institutional buyers try and buy up that inflationary mark-to-market and that maybe with that Albertsons proceeds, that you guys would want to go on a client like be more aggressive in buying because of what potentially could be happened as far as that inflationary mark-to-market and cap rate compression or is your view that that is not probably what is going to happen or that is not a reasonable assumption to be going out and making acquisition decisions based on?
Ross Cooper: Yes. No, it is a good point. I mean I think we like to be selectively aggressive and really pick our spots. You have sort of counterbalancing impacts from inflation and the impact on interest rates. So we obviously are watching that closely. My point wasn’t to say that the pricing and the cap rates are not justified. The low cap rates and what we are seeing transacting regularly in the fours, there is good reason for it. There is substantial growth in a lot of these assets. And frankly, when we look at acquisition opportunities, cap rate is one of multiple metrics that we are looking at. Obviously, CAGR, the compounded annual growth rate is critical. Where do you land an IRR versus just the going in cap rate, cash on cash, FFO impact. And then again, when compared to other asset classes, which is who we are competing with, a lot of these deals are buyers of other asset classes, there is a real reason that they see a very solid risk-adjusted return in grocery-anchored retail. So we expect that the market is going to continue to be very aggressive throughout this year, notwithstanding where interest rates go for a variety of reasons, including what you just pointed out. And we will pick our spots. We will definitely be active. We will be putting out money. We do anticipate being a net acquirer, to what extent will depend on the opportunity set and where our cost of capital is and a variety of other factors. But your point is well taken.
Conor Flynn: Just one other point to add is the capital formation for our product. I mean the private REITs, some of them are putting a toe in the water, some are just getting started. And I think that is going to be a major impact on cap rates in 2022 when they really start to put a lot of capital to work. And as Ross said, the relative returns are still pretty juicy relative to other food groups.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next questioner is Forest Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris Van Dijkum: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question guys. Conor, you guys are the largest shopping center REIT in the country now. You have got tremendous information at your fingertips. I saw that you appointed a Chief Information Officer. You have access to a huge amount of data, probably more data in the shopping center space than anybody else in the country. Just help us think about how you are mining that data, trying to monetize that. We heard one of your competitors yesterday talk about how they are using data to get into the unanchored center space because they think that that is an underappreciated segment. And what kind of impact could all of this information have in your view or what initiatives do you have in place to raise also the occupancy level, particularly in your small shop space, which has historically lagged your anchor space by almost 10%?
Conor Flynn: Yes. Floris, it is a great question. And I think you are spot on in a lot of ways. You might have picked up that I mentioned data analytics in my script as well. I think it is a big differentiator. And I think having scale has that advantage when you are able to invest in data analytics and information and tracking that others can’t. And it gives you the opportunity to understand your consumer better than ever before and it helps with capital allocation and it helps with leasing. And so we are at the very forefront of that. We are doing a lot of things to test out different products. I would say that we understand trade areas better than we ever have before. We understand consumer habits better than we ever have before. We are also partnering with our retailers to start to share information because we sort of have data around the shopping center, where they have data inside the four walls. So all of these are, I would say, are going to be major differentiators in the future. I think data analytics is at the very first inning of utilization in the shopping center sector. And online has had that advantage for a very long time where they have all of your data, all of your habits and sort of anticipate what you are going to need. And I think that, that is just starting to come to the brick-and-mortar space as most of the best online retailers are now brick-and-mortar retailers. And I think you are going to see that customer acquisition continue to be sort of critical, and I think it is going to be a major game changer for us for capital allocation as well as on leasing, because we can anticipate what the demographic needs, what is missing, a void analysis tool that we utilize for our leasing is important, trade area information. It goes on and on, but I do think data analytics is really just starting. And I think we are putting a lot of investment, both capital and human resources into it to make sure that we take advantage of it from our scale side of it.
David Jamieson: I would just like to add two things. One, on the specific retailer initiatives, when we are working with the retailers that Conor had mentioned, we are able to share some of the information that we have related to performance at the center, their catchment area, their overlap in market share and how our center could be an appealing option for them. And in several cases, it is actually drawn the retailer to our center versus a competing center, so we will continue to refine and utilize that going forward. And I think second of that, tying back to Weingarten is you have to look at technology and data in a much broader context because I think you also have to take into consideration our operating platform and the dollars that we have invested and the time that we have invested into building a very sophisticated operating platform, that is now allowing us to grow at scale and be very efficient in doing so. If we didn’t make the investments that we had done over the last three years, prior to Weingarten, we would have been in a very different position. But as a result of that, we were able to absorb a very large portfolio in a very short period of time, report our numbers in 60-days and the operating team really didn’t skip a beat. So that to me also is a go-forward opportunity that we can utilize in Flex.
Conor Flynn: You can tell we are pretty passionate about it. I mean I think when you look at the benefits of scale, historically, it is probably been, number one, pricing power; number two, maybe G&A savings; and number three, technology. And I think in a matter of probably a few quarters that is going to be flipped. And I think technology is going to be the dominant reason for scale to take advantage of that opportunity.
Floris Van Dijkum: Great. If I can ask one little follow-up. The Dania Pointe portfolio supposedly is trading, you guys must have looked at that. It appears to be a very tight cap rates based on market sources. Maybe can you talk about the impact on the markets? And again, another lower cap rate print and maybe how much should people get worried that return expectations are factoring in more growth but slightly less current income or should we feel pretty confident about that growth going forward?
Ross Cooper: Yes. I mean look, it is a great portfolio. So we are not surprised to see that it is traded aggressively and that there was a lot of competition for it. It is just another of many data points that we continue to see in our sector of a lot of capital chasing a smaller amount of supply. And with that, you are going to continue to see pricing remain very aggressive. There has been a tremendous emphasis on certain parts of the country, the Sunbelt especially, and we love the Sunbelt and we continue to invest capital there. But let’s not lose sight of the fact that the other markets and because we are geographically diverse, there is a lot of demand and a lot of pricing power for the Northeast and New England and the mid-Atlantic and Pacific Northwest and especially California as well. So there are tremendous barriers to entry in a lot of these markets. And it is not surprising to see the rest of the investment community coming around to it and continuing to provide a lot of capital to those assets. So there is going to continue to be more and more single assets and portfolios that are going to surprise how competitive and low cap rates are.
Conor Flynn: It still shines a light on that disconnect between public and private pricing. And I think that -- as deals come through this year, especially sizable ones, it will be very apparent that there is a sizable disconnect still.
Floris Van Dijkum: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey good morning. Conor I was intrigued by your comments on technology, I wanted to follow up on that a bit. I guess I’m curious, first of all, what is the built-in assumption for expense growth this year where are you seeing the most pressure and what is your sense of pricing power in the Kimco platform’s ability to offset these rising costs, both from a rent or ABR growth side, but also from a platform of technology-driven cost savings you know how much are we thinking or maybe reflected in the guide from some benefits of margin expansion from those two items? Thanks.
Conor Flynn: Yes. So technology does continue to be a focus of ours and we do invest. And I think the keyword there is invest, I think annually, and making sure that our platforms are up to date and sort of the most efficient for the portfolio to operate and improve margins. So utilize sales force really as our backbone and NRI. We did a pretty significant upgrade there and continue to think that those platforms give us an advantage going forward to integrate, whether it is one-off or portfolios onto the platform and gives us tremendous data relatively real time. And so the annual investment there continues to be sizable.
Glenn Cohen: We invest somewhere between $5 million and $10 million in a given year.
Conor Flynn: And we continue to pilot new ideas as well. I think that, again, as long as you continue to think of it as an investment and a differentiator for you going forward, I think that is the right way to look at it. I think as soon as you start looking at it as an expense item, that is when you can get in trouble because then you are going to start to cut corners and you are not going to have the advantage going forward.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, I will just add a little bit to give you - I mean, we have invested a fair amount of money in developing bots that do things that are repetitive transactions. Instead of having people doing Excel spreadsheets, we are using technology, and it just creates an enormous amount of efficiency and allows our people to focus on higher-level things that help drive future value in the business. So anywhere where we can use technology to our advantage we have really done that. And we have taken even things like MRI that we have migrated to from CTI, I mean we are a major contributor to increasing the power of that product. So we work very, very closely with the vendor same thing with Salesforce. So technology is a key part of what we are doing to create all the efficiencies we can within the business.
Conor Flynn: It is also part of our ESG initiative, I mean if you look at all the investments we are making, it really is for improving waste, improving the long-standing value creation to all of our stakeholders. That obviously includes the communities that we serve.
Haendel St. Juste: That is helpful. And I guess I understand that you are still investing. I’m curious when do you think you will be able to put some numbers around some of those potential cost savings. It seems like you are still kind of early on when do you think you will be able to put numbers. And then back original question, one of the pieces was what is in the guide for expense growth this year. Maybe you could talk about that a bit, maybe some of the key pressure points.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean from an expense standpoint, again, inflation is clearly something that is in the works and you have to deal with. Our recovery rates are pretty strong from a CAM and tax standpoint. So the amount of leakage is not tremendous, but you have that. And if you look at overall NOI margins, NOI margins are in the low 70s. So we would expect them to kind of stay in that range throughout the year. We gave you guidance as it relates on the G&A side, so that is already baked into the guidance range.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks and good morning. Just going back to the last question on expense reimbursement. The reimbursement rate looks like it dropped a little bit in 4Q. I was just curious if there was anything that you can help us understand about that. And do you have caps on the amount of reimbursement that - or how much a tenant will pay versus how much you would pay on expense prices?
Kathleen Thayer: Sure. So Kim, when it comes to recoveries, there is a lot of facets to it. It really comes down to timing of spend and the nature of the spend. So as there are certain tenants that have caps in their leases. So if your spend reaches that cap in the fourth quarter, you may see a drop off of the recovery related to that particular lease, just as an example. When it comes to the capping things, you also have a component of fixed CAM, which means that it is a set dollar amount that we are going to get from the tenant and that amount comes through pro rata throughout the entire year irrespective of where the actual spend happens. So again, when it comes to recovery, there is a lot of timing impact, which makes it a little bit lumpy.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I would just add that, again, when you look at the spend during the fourth quarter of 2021 versus the fourth quarter of 2020, it was clearly more spend. You have more spend related not just to the Weingarten acquisition, but fourth quarter of 2020 was still pretty deep in the pandemic and the amount of spend that was going on was a little bit more limited. So I think when you look at the fourth quarter, that is a pretty decent run rate about where spend is going.
Ki Bin Kim: So some of these fixed CAM nature and maybe some caps on expenses that a tenant would pay, is that at all a drag in your 2022 guidance for your same-store line, given what were your inflation is?
Kathleen Thayer: When it comes to fixed CAM, just something to note, there is a bump each year in the lease with regards to the reimbursement that the tenant gives us. So it is not a set it and forget it, the amount keeps increasing over the years.
David Jamieson: And there is also a component in terms of as you are building back occupancy and getting more tenants open, they are starting to contribute to the CAM pool. You still have to operate a shopping center even if the occupancy is down a little bit. So you still have recurring expenses, some of which the landlord will bear until you have a new tenant that comes online. So as you start to see at least the economic compress, more tenants open and starts contributing to the reimbursement pool, that recovery rate will increase. And as we go through our budget process, any cap component that may be associated with the lease is well understood, and we manage our expense within what the contribution could be. But to Kathleen’s earlier point, what is really essential is that the fixed CAM element continues to grow on an annualized basis and allows us to make the investments that we need to make to ensure that our centers stay at the top of the market and relevant for both our retailers and customers.
Ki Bin Kim: Right. I guess what I was getting to was your fixed CAMs are growing, but perhaps not the pace of inflation. So I was wondering if that is on a basis -- yes.
David Jamieson: Yes. No. So stock inflation. Obviously, inflation is real is here. The numbers just came out this morning, but we are very mindful of that and you are managing through that as well and so you have the opportunity to adjust your spend as needed. In addition to that, what we have done is we have also prepurchased materials that we knew would be needed in 2022. We started buying roofing materials and other items that were essential back well into 2021 in preparation to utilize for 2022, stay in front of that, and that is something that we will just continue to manage as we are working through our budgets. .
Conor Flynn: We don’t see it having a negative impact on same-site NOI to your question.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Yes. Thank you guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird. Please go ahead.
Wesley Golladay: Hey good morning everyone. There is been a lot of noise in the quarterly noncash rent. And so can you tell us what is embedded in the full year guidance this year for the noncash rent on a pro rata basis?
Kathleen Thayer: Collections for the quarter were 7.8 million of previous rents that were reserved that we did collect. As Glenn mentioned, there is no estimate of past collections inside the projections for 2022. What is in there is actually the 100 basis of credit loss is what is actually embedded in the numbers. So as I mentioned, there is no income related to prior periods included in any of the numbers that we put out.
Wesley Golladay: Apologies, I meant from the non-cash rent the straight-line rents.
Kathleen Thayer: Same concept there. So we are not showing any of the tenants flipping back on to accrual where we reinstate the straight line. There is no impact in the numbers related to that.
Glenn Cohen: There was about 1.5 million in the fourth quarter. So if you look at the straight line income number, it was about 1.5 million that came back through that line. So if you are trying to figure out run rate, you would have to kind of back that off a little bit.
Wesley Golladay: That is exactly what I was looking for. And then now going back to the, I guess, the strong bid in the private market for shopping centers. Can you maybe talk about the bid from noncore assets, is that firming up as well, how much has that been tightened up? And then when we look at your disposition program this year, will it be mainly noncore assets or do we have some opportunistic assets in there as well?
Ross Cooper: Yes. I mean, fortunately, we don’t have a whole lot of noncore assets at this point. So when we look at our disposition pipeline for the year, it is really assets where we feel we have maximized the value. Maybe there is less growth, but still good tenancy, good credit. And there is a lot of demand for credit in this market. So I think all facets of open-air retail have continued to be more aggressively priced, and we have seen pricing and cap rates continuing to compress not just institutional grocery-anchored product but power lifestyle, certainly single tenant as well. So everything is getting more aggressive as the amount of capital is flowing into the sector.
Wesley Golladay: Great. thanks everyone.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. Conor, you talked about wanting to own last mile retail I think a few times. Just curious, what is the difference between what you see as last mile retail and what isn’t?
Conor Flynn: Yes, it is a really good question. I think when we define last mile retail, it is retail that is embedded in the community that it serves So that when you look at the trade area using data analytics, you understand that it is the closest to where people live. And so that is sort of the neighborhood grocery store, the asset that sits within dense populations, really high barrier-to-entry locations where you don’t necessarily have significant opportunity to see new supply come into the market anytime soon. And so that is why we continue to think we are in the right spot or we are in the sweet spot of last mile retail because when you look at where we have put our chips, the map for us is really around the top 20 major metro markets first string, where we are seeing a lot of population growth, a lot of demographic shifts and continuing to think that our locations have a lot of barriers to entry. So the supply and demand continues to be in our favor.
Glenn Cohen: I was going to add. If you think about a lot of the retailers, they are looking at the store today as their - a main distribution point. So a lot of this online activity that they are getting, they are delivering that product from the store. I think also having curbside pickup is just another advantage for the consumer and for the retailer. So if you put all that together, when you have an asset that is sitting surrounded by just general housing, it is just much easier for them to get their product quicker.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Hi good morning. So maybe one for me on credit losses. You said historically that you are at 75 to 85 basis points. Did you exit 2022 at that level? And looking long-term, given the increased quality of tenants, more grocers, could you be below that in future years given kind of the improved quality of the tenant base?
Glenn Cohen: I mean, it is a great question. I mean if I had a crystal ball, I guess I could tell you the answer, but it is possible. But again, to Conor’s point, we are still in the midst of pandemic. And it is very difficult to predict what is going to happen, which tenants might fall out. We have had very, very little in terms of bankruptcies. It would be great if that would continue, but it is always possible that something could happen that it could go the other way. So again, as we sit and think about guidance, we think this is really the appropriate level to start with. And we will make adjustments as we go. And if things improve, we can certainly see it be better than what it is.
Conor Flynn: I think it is a fair assumption just if we lease correctly and upgrade the tenant base with the credit tenants that are doing new deals, and you think that last mile retail is finally plugged into the supply chain and used in the e-commerce platforms that all of our retailers have, that you should be able to use, after the pandemic, a lower credit loss reserve. I think that is a fair assumption to make.
Anthony Powell: And maybe on, I guess, lease spreads. They were very strong in the quarter. There was a big difference between new and renewal. Is there an opportunity to push some of those renewals, I guess, went a bit higher given what you are seeing or are you more focused on retention at this point?
David Jamieson: Well, I mean, our renewal and option spreads continue to be in the high single-digit range, mid to high single-digit range, which continues to be encouraging. We always look at that as an opportunity for tenants to walk away or renegotiate. So the fact that it is still holding a healthy positive is good. We push as hard as we can. It is case-by-case. And we will continue to do that going forward. Again, I always revert back to, though, the fact that the spreads that are posted are comp spreads based on a point in time with a certain population so that can vary quarter-to-quarter.
Conor Flynn: Just 1 more point on that. New lease spreads typically are higher because you have more below-market leases coming to maturity, where they don’t have any more control and you get the opportunity then to replace them with the at market rent where some of the renewals and options have embedded bumps that are lower than what the mark-to-market would be.
David Jamieson: Yes. And one more part on top of that is that we did a lot of small shop leasing which is typically closer to market, and so that is where you are seeing the difference still.
Anthony Powell: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Can you give us some color on shop retention in the quarter and any trends to note between the CAM and legacy Weingarten portfolio?
David Jamieson: What has been so nice about the Weingarten portfolio is how it is really complemented the Kimco portfolio. And I think we both had very similar strategies over several years of pruning the noncore assets, improving the overall quality. So when we merged together in August, there is very complementary quality. So we are seeing very similar trends between the two. When you look at retention levels in 2021, our deal retention was over 80% to 83%, which is really the highest it has been in over five-years, and the GLA was almost over 90%. So the retention time to vacate level as well is at the lowest point we have seen really over the last six years as well, it is 56% below our historic average. So I really think though this is a reflection of what happened during the midst of the pandemic and really 2020. And the purging of distressed tenancy, those that really just couldn’t make it through, didn’t see a path forward, that really fell out in 2020. So in 2021, you really saw a renewed base that was relatively stable, had a desire to stay and grow within the shopping center. And then compounded now, obviously, with the new deal activity that is where you are seeing the occupancy growth. So you are getting occupancy growth not only with elevated retention, reduced vacates, but also new deal flow.
Linda Tsai: And then we have heard some of your smaller competitors discuss increased competition in the transaction market and mentioned unanchored centers as one opportunity. Is this something you would consider or are you sticking with grocery anchored?
Ross Cooper: It is an interesting concept. We do look at all sorts of formats of retail. We talked about it in the past. We love grocery. We love mixed-use. We have also seen some of our power centers be some of our best performers with redevelopment potential. So at the end of the day, we are focused on the real estate, the location, but we do believe that having that grocery anchored is really a component that adds a lot of value and a lot of traffic to the center. So I don’t want to discount the strategy or say it is something that we wouldn’t consider. But just given our focus right now, we have been more focused on larger-format, grocery-anchored type shopping centers.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Gorman with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Michael Gorman: Yes, thanks good morning. I will try to be quick here, I know we are running long. Conor, just wondering, you talked a lot about last mile retail and I think you mentioned MFCs in there as well, especially on the grocery side. Can you just give us any stats that you have about MSPs that are currently in the portfolio, maybe ones that are planned for the portfolio and is there an opportunity for Kimco to partner with the tenants here to kind of do some improvements and invest in MFCs in your centers?
Conor Flynn: Sure. So it is very, very early on micro fulfillment. And I think what you are going to see is continuation of a lot of testing on that. What we found is that some of our grocers are looking for adjacent space to either have that micro fulfillment bolted on, where some are actually looking at freestanding locations that are within last mile retail that are vertically integrated, automated, so you can have that help with last mile delivery. I continue to think that the store will continue to evolve. A lot of the groceries that we have talked to have also talked with is not far off to think that the center of store comes a micro fulfillment, where you walk around the outer rim of the store, and that is where you get the fresh, you get the meats you get the bakery type goods, and then your commodity type goods are fulfilled and they are ready for checkout when you walk through the rest of the store. So it is still very, very early there. But I think with retailers reinvesting in their store base, the way that we see that, that will be a part of their strategy. Now some will have that bolt-on strategy, some we will probably test integrating it. Some will probably have freestanding. But the store continues to be a focus for the lion’s share of our retailers, and I think that is how you are going to continue to see it evolve.
David Jamieson: I would also add that you have to start, I think, thinking about micro fulfillment a little bit differently. There is the physical change so you have a grocery store that may parcel out 10,000 to 15,000 square feet, throwing a racking system with some robotics to fulfill the orders, so that is something a visual change that you noticed is something different than it wasn’t there a year ago. But then you got to think of like a target, 95% of their goods are distributed through a store. Is that not micro fulfillment and some capacity? They are already utilizing their existing footprint to accommodate addresses same needs, similar to like QSRs as well. So I think we have to broaden that definition or appreciation of how we view that. But to Conor’s point, it is still very much in the early days of its evolution, and it will be different for each retailer.
Michael Gorman: And are you seeing like just for flexibility or as it evolves as you are doing some of these grocery leasing, are you seeing them ask for more space, look for more space? Are they looking for things where there are potential adjacencies already in place or is it still too far out for that?
David Jamieson: No, no. It is very much now. I mean sometimes they may have had a box that was an older format that could have been 65,000-plus square feet. And so now they are going to utilize 15,000 of that to do that where maybe some of their newer formats in the last five-years were slightly smaller. But now they appreciate that they need more space, so then they will do the adjacent vacancy, expand out the back or otherwise. We now portfolio views on a weekly basis with a number of retailers and I would say that continues to be a topic of conversation for some. I would like to know what you have to the left and the right of me that might be available either now or in the near-term.
Operator: The next question comes from Tammy Fique with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tamara Fique: Thank you. Maybe just following up on the asset pricing question and understanding cap rates are compressing across segments. I’m just curious what you are seeing in the market today in terms of cap rate spread between grocery and power center and is that narrower or wider today versus where it is been historically?
Ross Cooper: I think it is pretty similar. They are both compressing at a pretty aggressive pace. So if we have seen grocery anchor institutional quality now sub-five. We are seeing a lot of the traditional more commodity power centers compressing sub-seven, in some cases, low sixes. So I think you are still seeing maybe 150 basis point spread on average. But a lot of factors go into the pricing, of course. But I think that is consistent with historic. Everything is just compressing, cap rate-wise.
Tamara Fique: Okay, thank you. And then curious, what do you need to redevelop or acquire in order to get to the 15% of ABR and mixed-use target by 2025. Just trying to think about that in the context of the $100 million to $125 million annual spend for redevelopment, or if there is planned acquisition activity of this product type in the longer-term plan. Thank you.
David Jamieson: Yes. Yes. It is a great question. So that ABR is the ABR of a center, there is a mixed-use component associated with it. So for us, it could be achieved in several different ways. Obviously, the activation of several more of our multifamily projects, if we were potentially partner to buy out the ground lease and get the full benefit of the income that will contribute as well. Obviously, external growth through what Ross and his team are doing, finding opportunities to acquire mixed use. But when you look at our entitlement platform and the number of entitlements we have thousands activity, we have the opportunity to pull the trigger on several of those over the next three years, which will help contribute to that.
Conor Flynn: Yes that is the lion’s share is coming from the internal entitlement platform, the activation of it. In a number of different ways, in ground lease, we can joint venture. But that continues. And then, obviously, the bigger projects that have multiple phases to them. Clearly, we will continue to trend that percentage higher. I think we are at 11% today of mixed use. So we have done a lot of work because five-years ago, that was zero. So we continue to think that, that has the nice trajectory of adding density to our existing assets, and that is where you will see our capital allocation plan continue to shift away from ground up development more towards that redevelopment side of the equation.
Tamara Fique: Great. thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. Please go ahead.
Christopher Lucas: Real quick guys. Glenn, just the 10-years touched on 2% this morning. I guess I’m just curious as to what you think you could price your 10-year bonds at. And with inflation print the way it was, the Fed’s expectations, the general macro outlook, how are you thinking about the fourth quarter maturities are you thinking you want to get in front of those or does it not matter in terms of how you are thinking about the funding plan for those?
Glenn Cohen: That is a great question. Again, we are always constantly monitoring the market, looking for open windows that makes sense for us to issue. Again, we have two bonds that mature, one in October, one in November. Ideally, we will try and probably look to maybe do something sooner than later with one of them. But we are watching the markets pretty closely. In terms of pricing, again, it really depends on the day. It depends on the particular market. But I would say that we are probably somewhere in the $110 range or so around -- above the 10-year treasury. So you are looking at somewhere in that: 310, three 15-ish range would be the coupon today.
Christopher Lucas: Super. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Gregory McGinnis: Hi, Just two quick ones. Sorry about that. Looking at the rent collections that fell slightly from last quarter, is there anything to read into that, perhaps highlighting some weaker tenants start to fall out before occupancy recovers or is that just a year and timing issue?
Kathleen Thayer: So what you are seeing there, Greg, is actually there is some significant billings that go out in the fourth quarter related to our real estate taxes. And those aren’t like your contractual rents where it is every month no number. So when those go out, it takes a little bit longer to collect those. So that is what is just causing that relative small dip, but those collections will pick up in the first quarter related to those real estate taxes.
Gregory McGinnis: Okay. And then at NAREIT last year, you mentioned true rent growth versus 2019 was limited to certain Sunbelt markets. Is that still true where you are starting to see improvement in other regions as well. So any details you can provide on market rent growth would be appreciated.
David Jamieson: Yes, no. I mean, again, when you look at the net effective rents spreads that were posted, the volume of activity between our coastal and Sunbelt markets, which represents over 94%, 95% for deal flow, we are seeing market rents move north in almost every case at this point. So it really has spread balance throughout the country and I think that is a result of several items we talked about before, obviously, no development supply, open inventory getting absorbed relatively quickly, retailers fully appreciating the value of open air and wanting to grab market share and/or expand their growth in open air that otherwise may have been a little bit muted in the past. And so I think when you combine those all, that is putting some nice demand for us in our favor that we can get to.
Conor Flynn: Yes, Greg, that is another tool that we use, right, with data analytics to give us sort of an advantage, I would say, in capital allocation to understand maybe where the market has yet to reflect some of the pricing power that we see. Obviously, Sunbelt gets a lot of airtime. And clearly, there is a lot of rent growth going on down there. But there are other markets where we see rent growth that potentially is not yet reflected in pricing that we continue to manage up.
Gregory McGinnis: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And the final question today comes from Katy McConnell with Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman: It is Michael Bilerman. Page 28 in the supplemental where you broke out all the It is pretty comprehensive. How does that tie to Page 26 and then ultimately, Page 43, where you sort of value the entitlements today at least that are active and so Page 26 and Page 43 have it at about 4,400 units and keys, whereas Page 28 only breaks up the entitlement at that 3,400. So I don’t know where those other 1,000 units are coming from, maybe that is some that are undergoing entitlement that have more of certainty. Can you just reconcile that?
David Jamieson: Yes, yes. There is two parts to it. So one of which I actually mentioned earlier, where you have the Camino Square and you have the Avery Part 2, which is over 600 entitled units that are actually - our spend is fully completed, so you won’t see it reflected in the active mixed-use stage, which is just in Milton right now. But those are accounting for a portion of that delta and then the other ones that are undergoing entitlements that wouldn’t necessarily be reflected on that page. But that is effectively where you are getting the tie out.
Conor Flynn: Those are ground leases, Michael. So that is why our spend is like pad prep and then it is over. So that is why you don’t see that.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, I was on Page 26, right, 37.95 multifamily count and then you flip to Page 28, then it is at 28.56.
David Jamieson: Right. And then you have 2,200 and you have another 1,000 or so that are currently under construction. I will tie it out.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. I guess what is the potential that some of these projects get launched this year so that when we look at Page 26, your sort of active mixed-use starts to grow?
David Jamieson: Yes. So I mean, we are evaluating - when you look at the entitled product, actually, you go to Page 28. So when you look at the 11 entitled projects that are on the pipeline there, there are two that are referenced that currently have ground leases in place that are pending permit approval from the developers. So those could be opportunities to activate. In addition to that, we are evaluating probably three to five of those. And again, everything I had mentioned before, market conditions, capital but it is something that we are wanting to pursue.
Michael Bilerman: And all the spend that you have in pursuing entitlements, all that is being capitalized now and is there a certain balance of capitalized costs for these projects?
Conor Flynn: Yes. I mean the capital that we are spending on those projects is definitely capitalized. It goes into the building basis for the asset.
Ross Cooper: We are trying to have a balanced Michael of how much we activate and how much we activate using ground leases as well as bringing in sort of a world-class multifamily developer, because we have seen that it is a nice have too much capital going into these projects, where we can continue to focus on FFO growth. It activates more mixed-use opportunities without having the drag of these - these are lower-return projects. So the ground probably set these projects up for future generations to collapse the ownership and have Kimco shareholders benefit from it long-term.
Michael Bilerman: Great. See you in few weeks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: I just want to thank everybody that participated on our call today, and we hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Kimco's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. I now would like to turn the conference over to Dave Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead, sir.
Dave Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's Third Quarter Earnings Call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; David Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors.  Please refer to the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Today I will share the highlights of the quarter, provide a recap of our now closed strategic merger with Weingarten, and give update on the strong leasing environment. We're also giving an update on the transaction market, and Glenn will cover our operating metrics in detail, discuss our improved balance sheet, Albertsons valuation, and the proactive use of our ATM and how we can take advantage of opportunities in the market. He'll close with an updated outlook for the balance of the year. While we have only owned Weingarten for a partial quarter, our expanded portfolio of grocery anchored and mixed-use properties is already validating our investment thesis.  To-date, we are exceeding our initial underwriting on all major metrics, including FFO, occupancy, spreads, and renewal rates. As for synergies, as outlined in our earnings release, we have achieved the upper end of both ranges and anticipate achieving the full benefit of synergies by the end of 2022. our dedicated team has done a remarkable job closing. Another merger ahead of schedule and implementing an integration plan that included onboarding and training over 100 new employees, significant systems integration, and property management, all while staying focused on executing our strategy.  To all of my teammates, I just want to say, thank you. On the operational front, leasing demand continues to be robust across the portfolio with the bright spot being the rebound in demand for small shops. This was illustrated by the portfolio delivering another quarter of improved results, including a sequential increase in occupancy and positive leasing spreads. Our pro rata U.S. occupancy is up 20 basis points to 94.1%, while anchor occupancy remained flat at 96.9%. Small shop occupancy rose 180 basis points over prior quarter to 87.3%, an increase of 60 basis points year-over-year.  New lease spreads were +5% with 141 new leases signed totaling 605 thousand square feet. Spreads for renewals and options finished at +4.9%. We closed the quarter with 270 renewals and options totaling 1.4 million square feet, exceeding the 5-year average number of renewals and options reported during the third quarter by 40%, and exceeded average GLA renewed by 38%. Combined spreads for third quarter 2021 were +4.9%, with total 3Q '21 deal volume reaching 411 deals totaling 2,050,321 square feet. 411 leases executed represents the most transactions reported during a quarter since the first quarter of 2018. Our same-site NOI growth was +12.1%, including a 30-basis point contribution from redevelopments.  The same-site population does not include the Weingarten sites, since we only had them for a partial quarter. With the continued strength in leasing, we have maintained our 300 basis points spread of leased versus economic occupancy, similar to last quarter. As of September 30, 2021, we had over 400 signed leases representing 44.8 million of pro rata annualized base rents awaiting rent commencement.  While the operating environment remains favorable, we cannot let down our guard. Inflation, supply-chain issues, and the labor market together or alone can impact our business. And that is why we continue to look for the most resilient assets, improve operational efficiencies, and seek out ways to help our tenants succeed. We continue to grow our portfolio in the high-growth Sunbelt markets, and are committed to being the last mile solution for tenants.  There is no question that our mission critical last-mile brick-and-mortar locations are proving to be durable solutions for consumers, retailers, and many other businesses that want scale and reach to serve the end customer. In closing, we are pleased with the progress we have made and believe that we have positioned Kimco for sustainable growth over the long term with a combination of internal and external growth levers. Our talented and deep team is focused on execution, as we are in a unique position to take advantage of a wide range of opportunities. We continue to believe we're building something special, and the best is yet to come. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thanks, Conor. And good morning. It's been quite an exciting quarter at Kimco and the excitement has continued into the fourth quarter, as I will discuss shortly. There is no question that open air shopping centers provide one of the best risks adjusted returns of all asset classes. We continue to see additional capital sources, new and old, gaining conviction in quality, open air retail, leading to the compression of cap rates. We are fortunate to be in a position with multiple investment strategies that enable us to be active when opportunities arise but also patient when things become too frantic.  With the finalization of the Weingarten merger, we've been able to execute on several accretive investments and new initiatives. And with the addition of new joint venture partners inherited through Weingarten, we are excited about potential growth opportunities. Subsequent to quarter end, we acquired the remaining 70% interest in a portfolio of six Publix -anchored, Sunbelt region shopping centers from our existing joint venture partner, Jamestown, for a gross purchase price of $425.8 million.  The Publix-anchored assets represent over 1.2 million square feet of gross leasable area in infill markets throughout the Southeast, with 5 located in the top-performing South Florida market and one in the high growth Atlanta market. Subsequently, Kimco entered into a joint venture partnership with Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, under which we will both own 50% and Kimco will continue to manage the portfolio. It is rare to have the ability to buy a portfolio like this with short-term mark-to-market opportunities and exceptional tenant sales. We are thrilled to be partnering with Blackstone again on our new strategic venture.  Also, post-quarter-end, and in-line with our value creation strategy, we were successful in buying out our partner's 85% interest in 2 grocery-anchored centers in California. Anaheim Plaza is one of the jewels of our Southern California portfolio. with extraordinary highway visibility on frontage and two grocery anchors at the same property, both performing exceptionally well. The second asset is Brookdale shopping center, located in Fremont, California, anchored by a lucky supermarket and CVS. The gross purchase price of the two assets was $134 million.  Turning to our redevelopment program, it continues to move ahead, beginning with property level entitlements and then selectively and creatively activating a few at a time. While the structure and exit strategy are determined on a case-by-case basis, we see the upside, knowing these infill locations are being built at a significant relative spread to the stabilized cap rate. Comps in multi-family industrial and other asset classes are regularly transacting with cap rates starting in the twos and threes.  Additionally, we're continuing our structured investment program with a disciplined approach and an emphasis placed on location, demographics, quality of tenancy, and operational strength of the sponsors. We view the base case of these investments as a true win-win, either generating an attractive return with a repayment down the road, or exercising our right of first refusal and owning the properties outright. On that front, we completed a $21.5 million mezzanine financing on a strong performing center in San Antonio called Alamo Ranch. In just a few short months, San Antonio has gone from a market that was on our target list at Kimco to a major contributor in our portfolio with the Weingarten merger and now our second structured investment there.  We continue to pursue additional opportunities in San Antonio, one of the fastest-growing MSAs in the country. We also sold 3 small low growth assets this quarter, 2 single tenant boxes, and an undeveloped parcel for a total of 23.5 million at a flat 5% cap. While these positions will remain a relatively small component of our investment strategy, we will be prudent in disposing of low growth assets and undeveloped parcels from which we can redeploy the capital. To repeat Conor 's statement, we are confident that the best is yet to come. Off to Glenn for the financials.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. We are pleased to report very strong third quarter results. Overall, the portfolio continues to produce improving results, including record quarterly revenue, increased occupancy, positive leasing spreads, strong same-site NOI growth, increased collections, and lower credit loss. Our balance sheet metrics are also at the strongest levels ever. As you might expect, the completion of the $5.9 billion Weingarten merger, which closed in early August, was a key contributor.  While we did not have a full quarter of contribution from the addition of the Weingarten portfolio, the benefits are clearly apparent. Our team has put in enormous effort to accomplish the successful integration of Weingarten in a very short period of time. Many thanks to our highly motivated and skilled team; we couldn't be prouder. Now for some details on our third quarter results. NAREIT FFO was $173.7 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, and includes $47 million or $0.08 per diluted share of merger-related expenses.  This compares to the third quarter 2020 NAREIT FFO of $106.7 million or $0.25 per diluted share, which includes aggregate charges of $16.1 million or $0.04 per diluted share related to severance for a voluntary early retirement program and early redemption of $485 million of unsecured bonds. The increase in FFO was primarily driven by higher NOI of $98.7 million of which the Weingarten merger contributed $62.6 million. In addition, NOI benefited from lower credit loss of $30.7 million and higher straight-line rent of $14.5 million. Including $2 million from the Weingarten portfolio. Improvements in collections and new leases commencing during the quarter were the major contributors.  Specifically, during the third quarter, we collected approximately 98% of base rents. We also collected 80% of rents due from cash basis tenants, up from 77% last quarter. Furthermore, collections of prior period amount from cash basis tenants totaled $8 million during the third quarter 2021. Our cash basis tenants comprised 9.1% of pro rata annualized base rents. If we excluded the addition of the Weingarten cash basis tenants, this amount would have been 7.3%, which compares favorably to the 8.8% level reported last quarter.  In connection with the preliminary purchase price allocation for the Weingarten transaction, the debt we assumed was recorded at a fair value, which was $107 million higher than the face amount. This resulted in $6.2 million of fair market value amortization for the third quarter, which reduces interest expense and is also part of the FFO improvement. We expect to finalize our purchase price allocation by year-end. During the third quarter, FFO also included approximately $6 million or $0.01 per diluted share related to onetime contributions from several joint ventures and higher lease termination fees.  Turning to the balance sheet, we had an active quarter in the capital markets. We issued a new $500 million unsecured bond at a coupon of 2.25%, the lowest coupon for 10-year unsecured financing in the Company's history. Proceeds from this issuance were primarily used to fund the cash component of the merger consideration and the merger costs. We also opportunistically used our ATM equity program to issue $3.5 million shares of common stock, raising almost $77 million in net proceeds to fund some of the investment activity Ross just mentioned.  This is an addition to the 179.9 million shares of common stock issued in connection with the Weingarten merger, valued at $3.7 billion. We also assume $1.8 billion of debt, including the fair value adjustment as part of the Weingarten merger. Total common shares outstanding at quarter-end was $616.4 million. And we expect this should be a good guide for the fourth quarter. As anticipated, the Weingarten merger was a deleveraging event. As of September 30th, net debt to EBITDA on a look-through basis, including pro rata share of joint venture debt and preferred stock outstanding was 7 times.  This metric, only includes 2 months of EBITDA from the Weingarten merger. But all of the debt assumed on a pro forma basis, including a full quarter of EBITDA from Weingarten. Look through net debt to EBITDA would be 6.3 times, representing the lowest level since we began tracking this metric. Our liquidity position also remains very strong. We ended the third quarter with over $450 million of cash and full availability on our $2 billion revolving credit facility. In addition, during the third quarter, the value of our Albertsons marketable security investment climbed to more than $1.2 billion after increasing by $457 million, which is included in net income, but not FFO for the quarter. We continue to evaluate our opportunities to begin the Albertsons monetization process.  As we look ahead during 2022, we will have a variety of potential uses for the capital, from the redemption of our preferred stock issuances that become callable, bonds that mature in October and November of 2022, and accretive investment opportunities. As our overall business continues to recover from the effects of the pandemic, and as we begin to benefit from the successful merger and integration of the Weingarten portfolio, we are raising our full-year 2021 NAREIT FFO per share guidance range to $1.36 to $1.37, which includes $0.10 per diluted share of merger-related costs, and the inclusion of the Weingarten portfolio for 5 months.  This compares to previous NAREIT FFO per share guidance of $1.29 to $1.33, which did not include any impact from the Weingarten merger, except $0.01 related to merger costs. As I touched upon, our third-quarter FFO includes a total of $0.03 per share related to items that were more one-time in nature and which were not budgeted for as recurring items. This includes $0.02 per diluted share from improvements in credit loss, and another penny from contributions from joint ventures and lease termination fees. We will provide initial 2022 guidance on our next earnings call. And with that the operator will take your questions.
Dave Bujnicki: We want to make this an efficient process. So, you may ask one question with an additional follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. You may take the first caller.
Operator: Yes. Thank you. As mentioned, we will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this hour, we pause momentarily to assemble the roster. And the first question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Rich Hill: Hey, good morning, guys. First of all, congrats on a nice quarter. I wanted to start off with leasing spreads, maybe get some insights from you guys if this is what a normalized market feels like. I typically look at leasing spreads as leading indicator for same-store revenue and same-store NOI. So, I'm curious, does this feel like a normal environment to you post COVID?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, thanks, Rich. Good question. So, leasing spread, I imagine each quarter, it's really dependent on the population that is rolling and gets executed quarter-over-quarter. So, you do see volatility in that number. Some quarters you could have significantly below market leases that role and you execute and any obviously you'll get a real net benefit out of that. This quarter we had, outsized amount of small shop volume, that came through which is typically closer to market. So that's where you see that sub-5 range for this quarter, but it's not indicative necessarily what could happen next quarter if you have some outsized anchor activity that has a significant below market value that you can recapture. So, when you look at what we've been doing over the last trailing eight quarters and maintaining that positive spread. There is some volatility in that number, and it's really just indicative of what's rolling.
Conor Flynn: Some pretty significant pricing power on escalating rents in the Sunbelt. I think that's where you're going to see the spreads continue to be quite strong as we're seeing really the market rent growth there outpaced the rest of the country.
Rich Hill: Yeah, that's helpful. And the reason I'm just focusing on it is, I go back to your 2020 to 2025 guide. If you can put up these leasing spreads, that might mean that's a conservative guide, but well taken. Conor, maybe this is for you. I noted that Albertsons is worth $1.2 billion at the end of the quarter. Have you given any thought to monetization, how you would use that in capital allocations? Any thoughts there?
Conor Flynn: Yeah. As we noted in the remarks, we have a lot of optionality. I think that's the beauty of where we sit today, Rich. If you look at the business and where we sit, we've got obviously a lot of leasing momentum. Clearly, we're going to allocate a lot of capital to that. That's our first priority as that really fuels the earnings growth. Then we have redevelopment opportunity as well. You've seen the entitlement work we've done throughout the portfolio. And the nice part is we're seeing a lot of external growth opportunities as well as Ross outlined. We do have some debt reduction opportunities as Glenn outlined in his script. We're going to look at the menu and see what's really the most accretive towards our FFO growth because that's really where we're focused and we have a lot of different levers to pull, so it's a nice bucket of capital to redeploy. It's not earning a tremendous amount right now, so we're going to be prudent with it and recognize that we have a great, great many to select from.
Rich Hill: Great. Thanks guys. Congrats on a good quarter again. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Thank you. And the next call comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning. Good morning out there. Two questions. First, just going to the -- I know you guys are going to return to the Kimco 's name, but the sub-five CapEx that you guys bought at. 1. Just a little bit more beyond what is underlying that sub-five. 2. Just bigger picture, not surprised to see CapEx compressing, but how do you guys -- how was your underwriting of acquisitions, whether portfolio or individual assets changed? Because obviously the price that you paid for Weingarten can't be replicated today. So just curious how you're underwriting deals today, given where pricing is going?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, sure. Happy to address that, Alex. As it relates to the venture with Blackstone, these are clearly 6 assets that we felt very strongly about. Between the location, Publix being one of the best grocery anchors that you can possibly have with exceptional sales. As I mentioned, the script, having near-term mark-to-market opportunities in Publix anchored centers is somewhat rare. So, when you look at the vintage of those assets, it gives us an opportunity to create some additional growth probably sooner than some other opportunities that we have in the portfolio with Publix. So, we're really excited about that. We're really excited about re-engaging our venture with Blackstone after a very successful one several years ago. Underwriting is still a very specific exercise.  If you look at every single asset, every single space taken into consideration the growth in the market's demographics, where the population growth is coming from, and just making sure that we have very strong conviction in our ability to push rents. We're not looking to invest in assets that don't have out-sized growth. So, the ones that you do see us pulling the trigger on, you can rest assure that we believed very strongly that we're going to be able to push that out-sized growth beyond the average of our portfolio.  So, I don't think that there's anything specifically changing in terms of our underwriting strategy, whether it's a single asset or portfolio. It's really just making sure that we look at every single asset, every single space, and feel pretty good that there is below market leases that we can push over time.
Alexander Goldfarb: So, as far as the Blackstone, the sub stock, what would you say that cap rate will get to in a few years out when you have an ability to roll rents?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, it's hard to predict. We have opportunities to discuss things sooner than later, hopefully with the grocery anchors. So, the timing is going to depend on where those negotiations go. But, like I said, we're very confident that the growth there is going to outpace the average of our portfolio, hopefully by a wide margin.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second is, as far as retailer demand for space, are you sensing -- not those retailers ever want to pay more in rent. Are you sensing that that rent conversation is easier today? So, when you're saying, "Hey, look, we have multiple tenants for a certain space. You guys have to pay more. " Now, the tenants are more willing to engage in those conversations, whereas maybe a few years ago, they were more willing to push back? Do you sense a change there in the leasing dynamic in the rent discussion?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. Great question. Dynamic is always evolving and I think where we are today is there's so much pent-up demand on the open to buy-side for retailers. So, you have some retailers that have really expanded the breadth of their offering. They have multiple brands that they're looking to expand, TJX being a great example. And they actually increased their open-to-buy targets. So that just makes them more competitive for space. They want space, they need to grow. I think COVID -- the silver lining through COVID is that brick-and-mortar is essential for any omni -channel strategy. Retailers have really come to appreciate that. Customers have appreciated that. It's a great form of distribution.  The margins are better there. And then thirdly, obviously there's no news development supply coming online. It's really COVID inventory that's getting absorbed. So, to that third point, I think generally speaking, as more of that gets absorbed, you're able to push friends further north. That said to Connor's point earlier, we are seeing REM progressions in the Sunbelt and coastal markets, Southern California, for example, is becoming extremely competitive. Where we are seeing some nice traction pushing that run forward even beyond where we were pre -pandemic levels. But I'd say generally speaking, you are in a very healthy environment from the landlord perspective as a result of all those variables. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank.
Greg Mcginniss: Hey, good morning. So, thinking about the synergies, which I guess I was pleasantly surprised to you guys, expectation at the top end of those synergies. But given the fairly quick achievement of those goals, is there any potential for additional cost savings through 2022 perhaps?
Conor Flynn: Yeah, there are, yes. So, we're really proud of the team and how we're able to integrate both companies so quickly that the majority of those initial synergies were really related to staffing and G&A, which is something that you could anticipate and plan for pre -merger. What we're really seeing now as an opportunity, once we merge these companies and really looked at professional services,
Glenn Cohen: information technology, and the longer-term contracts at Weingarten had had where we can now merge them and or dissolve at some in time will create some additional synergies that will help us push that number further northward. From the outset, we felt very good. We invested a tremendous amount of time upfront with the integration management office, kicking off 60 days prior to the merger. We really did a deep dive on how the combined Company will look and operate, which enabled us obviously to achieve the numbers we did today and feel very good about what's going to get happen in 2022.
Conor Flynn: Maybe one thing I would add is Kimco is laser focused on efficiency. We always have been built-in -- has ingrained that in our DNA. So yes, we're happy with the integration and where it is today, but we're a combined entity going forward. And so, we'll make sure that same focus continues going forward.
Ross Cooper: Okay, thanks. Going back to the shop leasing really quick. Is there anything you can tell us in terms of the trends you're seeing in that space? How much of that demand may have been in that demand which tend to categories and generating most inquiries and demand for space? Any color there would be appreciated.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Yeah. There's demand across almost all categories right now. Grocery is the obvious one. They're the clear beneficiary of the pandemic. They now have the surplus cash that they're looking to reinvest in their four walls. Expand our open-to-buy, grab market share and really investors future, so how did they create better connected to the customers. So that's going to be really important for them as well as all sectors. Off-price, as I mentioned earlier at CJ about bras, Burlington, and others, Old Navy, they're all actively expanding their footprint.  Again, they see, I think all retailers see this opportunity, where it's a short window to upgrade the quality of their portfolio. Maybe penetrate a market or expand their market share in certain areas that pre -pandemic there was no inventory available. And so, you do have this COVID inventory that's creating this unique opportunity for them. But what I found was actually interesting.  This last quarter when we go back to our small shop activity, is that 35% of our new deal activity was related to restaurants, and the fast casual side on the small shop side. So, it's nice to see the fast casual and QSRs are coming back; the crumble cookies of the world, etc. So, you're starting to see that expand out. And I think as COVID anxiety starts to subside, people want to go back and reengage.  They want to socialize for social creatures. That's creating that opportunity on the food service side. Fitness, that the value-oriented fitness, Planet Fitness. I mentioned early on several quarters ago that planning crunch. And I'm very proactive and wanting to expand their footprint and recapture. You're also seeing that now extend out into the boutique fitness categories. So that's again, attracting the small shops.  So, you are really seeing it from a variety of areas and then people are playing with formats. With [Indiscernible] who's experimenting with the smaller format right now. So, it's giving them optionality, appreciating that they may be able to provide different service offerings to different customers and different areas. And so, it's important that they have a power to lakefront.
Greg Mcginniss: Thanks. And this all seems like sustainable demand in your view? Like if you look at the forward pipeline still just as strong as it has been?
Glenn Cohen: I do. I think it goes back to the validation of open-air, and the validation that brick-and-mortar is an essential part of any retailer strategy. We've obviously gone through a very volatile evolution over the last 6 years about people's views and opinions, and now the market's responded to different ideas related to e-commerce and whether or not what's essential. But let's go all the way back to the core basics. People like to engage, people like to touch and feel product, retailers need multiple forms of distribution to reach that customer. And so, brick-and-mortar we see it very much as being essential to them.
Conor Flynn: We're more convinced than ever that last mile retail is where we want to be and where we want to continue to focus strategy. If you look back five years ago, that's exactly where we're focused. And so, we feel like we're in a really good spot to benefit from that increased demand.
Greg Mcginniss: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning and thanks a lot for taking my question. My questions on the lease side. We thought you've been seeing the occupancy spread. Given that, there is a myriad of supply chain and labor issues. And maybe a slowdown from lease signing to rent commencement. Like, how should this, how should this metric kind of progress from here, given that the time to go from lease signing to rent commencement is expanding. And at the same time leasing has been so strong. How did those dynamics impact you -- impact the progression from here?
Glenn Cohen: Sure, the question is whether or not least economic will expand or contract as we look out into the future. And I think what we could see is 300 basis points is more or less at our high watermark on a historic basis. And you could see some additional expansion as we approach first part of '22, but as these tenants start to come online and open, you are going to start to see that compression set in through the back half of '22 and into '23. And then, I believe our normalizer is on 170 basis points on spread.  I don't think you see that for a period of time, but you are right. To your points about supply and opening to something that we watch it very, very closely. We worked hand-in-hand with our tenants. We have a very substantial tenant coordination program, which really is designed to shepherd tenants through the permitting and build-out process.  Those that don't have the resources available to them to address all of these issues that are coming out to the market. Obviously, that's been really helpful. In addition to that, we're trying to get well ahead on pre -ordering supplies and materials when we can, when it makes sense. We all lived through the backlog. It doesn't matter who you are and no one's immune to it. So, we're just eyes wide open about that process. We will manage it as best we can and apply the resources that we need to do to get it done.
Conor Flynn: I would just have the one big benefit that Kimco has is our scale and our efficiencies of scale. So, we were not buying small amounts of HVAC units or roofing materials or anything that's needed for a fit-out for a specific tenant. We usually buy in bulk and we usually get premier pricing as well as relationship pricing. So, we feel like we have the ability to, as Dave mentioned, to utilize our network and to utilize our efficiencies as best we can to try and mitigate supply chain issues.
Michael Goldsmith: Scale is a good segue to my next question. Now that you've had Weingarten tucked into business for about 3 months, how can -- how has your scale changed your conversations with national tenants? Is there a willing -- is there willingness to partner and -- you've used tenants to go further with you because of your scale and you're able to offer more opportunities for leasing than maybe smaller landlords?
Glenn Cohen: I think --
Michael Goldsmith: I'm trying to understand the revenue synergy. I'm trying to understand like if there are revenue synergies associated with the transaction. Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Well, on the retailer side, I mean, prior to the transaction, we're typically the largest landlord for a lot of these retail partners. So that's just compounded as a result of the merger. That conversation obviously always has its benefits. They can pull both ways, dependent on what's being discussed. But in general, it does afford us the opportunity to be out in front of those retail partners. They have a very aggressive opening buy strategy. We now have over 560 sites that we can show them to help accommodate and still fill that void.  Obviously, you can do that at scale. That's a good thing for both parties. But also helps us progress the conversation beyond that. Retailers are trying to figure out and innovate and change to become and stay more relevant to the customer. We want to work with them to be part of that solution and understand from a landlord perspective, what do we need to do? So, it creates a very, very constructive dialogue to help drive our business forward and to your point, revenue and top-line growth.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning.
Conor Flynn: Morning.
Glenn Cohen: Morning.
Haendel St. Juste: So, The recent JV, the transaction with Blackstone, I found very interesting, a case study of capitalizing on the market moves in cap rates. And then you bought the 2 JV assets out in California, further spotlighting the embedded acquisition opportunities. So, I guess my question is, what's your interest level in pursuing further deals like this? And can you discuss the funding sources if that would involve Albertsons stock at all? Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Sure, happy to address that. So, for us, we really view it as a significant level of optionality. We've said, even as we've been skinning down our joint venture exposure over the last 7 or 8 years, on the Kimco side, we've had 3 very strong long-term partners that we continue to do business with. And as we've said from the start that we like having the ability to potentially grow opportunistically if there is the reason to bring in a new partner, like you felt here on this particular transaction.  But for those that are potentially looking for a monetization event, we are willing and able to be able to have that discussion with them, hopefully in a negotiated basis, if not having that right of first refusal to be ready to take advantage of that if the partners looking to exit. So, one of the nice benefits that we see in the Weingarten merger is after getting down to really just three major partners on a Kimco side, there are now about 14 new joint venture partners from that transaction, some of which are looking to do long-term business with Kimco and we welcome that.  Others that are potentially looking to take some chips off the table or monetize their retail investments, and we're also prepared to have those discussions as well. And we are having those conversations as we speak. So, for us, given all the levers that we have, Conor mentioned and Glenn both mentioned in their prepared remarks. Between the significant amount of cash availability on our credit facility, ultimately, Albertsons monetization opportunity, we'll just be very prudent and selective with where we want to utilize that capital, but having a lot of different ways to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves.
Haendel St. Juste: Great. Appreciate the thoughts. One follow-up on the side but not least ABR, I think you mentioned $44.8 million. How much of that should we expect to hit in 2022? Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Right now, we're tracking around $25 million to about $30 million potentially that could flow in '22. And that would be obviously back-loaded.
Haendel St. Juste: That remainder in '23?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. Yeah.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: Great. Thank you. I want to talk bigger about the current operating environment, which seems to have real strength from the consumer. And then, just the aggressive leasing from retailers. This looks like an environment that's much better than 2019 when you go back to look at people's earnings results. So, beyond revenge spending and then, retailers looking to take advantage of opportunities, what's beneath this impressive growth that's happening in the operating environment?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, I think again, it's -- on the retailer demand, it's a lot of the points that I mentioned earlier, Craig, but it's appreciating that the value of brick-and-mortar is real. The operators see it in their margins, consumer s see the convenience and the efficiencies, the last mile distribution. It goes into this very complex network of how to distribute goods from the retailer to the customer. And so, I think COVID -- the irony of COVID was it sort of validated that open-air was really essential. It's closest to the customer.  I think you also now have this hybrid work environment. We don't really know what that will look like long term, but I think the one thing that's clear is going to be a little bit different for everyone. And as a result of that, you are having people that are staying more in that first-ring suburban markets that are maybe starting to appreciate the value proposition there too, which also then creates an opportunity to engage in open-air out in the first-ring suburbs where the majority of all of our portfolio resides. We're seeing that benefit as well, and that could probably carry longer term into the market.  So, I think you're just starting to see all these pieces that were in flux and in development over multiple years come to a head and now creating this environment that we're in today. So going forward, I think you'll continue to see the open-to-buys be aggressive as we start to absorb that COVID inventory. And then, from there, I think the consumer s in a very strong position right now to take advantage of that.
Craig Schmidt: Great thanks. And then, just on your net debt to EBITDA, I guess it's at 7 or pro forma 63. Glenn, what's your long-term target for net debt to EBITDA?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. I mean, again, we want to try and keep it in that 6 to 6.5 times range on a total look through basis. So, we're on a proforma basis. We're right in that sweet spot right now. And again, we continue to focus on just bringing leverage down over time. I think as you continue to see EBITDA grow, again, we're being very cautious about how much debt comes on. We've been doing a lot to reduce debt levels, absolute debt levels over time. Again, the Weingarten merger added $8 billion in total, doing $7 billion on a face value, $8 billion on a fair market value adjustment. But again, on an absolute basis, you'll continue to see us reduce debt and we continue to try and reduce as much secured debt as we can as well. So, we did assume about 300 million of mortgages. But over time, we'll just continue to pay those off with unsecured debt or cash flows from the Company.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Katy McConnell with Citi.
Katy McConnell: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Now that you have another quarter of leasing underway, can you update us on your expectations for a March market upside within the near-term explorations within Europe portfolio, especially on the anchor side? And now you're expecting some upcoming longer [Indiscernible].
Glenn Cohen: Sure Katie. We're in the process of going through our '22 budgets now. So, when you look at our '22 rollover schedule and for anchor is it is below market and it's below our anchor baggage trends as well, so we do see a nice mark-to-market opportunities. As we either start to renew those leases, avoids where we're well underway there and or sign new leases. So, we do see a net benefit as we go into 22, but we're in the process of finalizing our budgets right now and we'll have a better perspective in the net call.
Katy McConnell: Thanks. And then on the retailer side, how do you expect the supply chain disruptions in labor shortages to play out through your tenants around the holidays this year. and are you concerned about any potential rent collection fallout, or impact to a new leasing momentum?
Conor Flynn: On the rent collection side, we don't have a material concern there. I think on the supply chain, every retailer has tried to address it differently. Some have actively and aggressively focused on trying to figure out ways and alternatives to redirect their supply chain, yet through the course of this entire year appreciating that this may be an issue. Some have brought inventory levels up in back -- onto the mainland to their preparation for the holiday season. But it's clear that there is -- there are pressures there. I'd suggest we all buy early. We don't want to disappoint any of our loved ones during the holiday season. And what that means too, that means as a result that retailers can probably
Glenn Cohen: have fewer promotion. So, there's a smaller promotional window which helps drive top-line revenues, which is in a benefit to them. So, it's a really interesting dynamic that's all playing out. On the labor shortage side, obviously there are a number of job openings now. It's very robust job market job for it's just always driving 500 --
Conor Flynn: [Indiscernible] 4.6.
Glenn Cohen: -- Yes. I mean, that's very encouraging, but yeah there's clearly a need for more workers at the retailers and the restaurants. And I think that will continue to play out through the first part of '22.
Conor Flynn: The only thing I would add is, our traffic levels are at 105% of 2019 levels, and we see that in this environment where there is supply chain disruption, we're watching closely as what we think may occur is people will probably buy at the store more often than buying something online and potentially having to wait where it might not arrive in time. So that's the dynamic we're watching closely that we think might play out.
Katy McConnell: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning, everyone. Given the issued $77 million of equity in the quarter and your share price is now above the highs of 2019. Can you just go through the thinking on issuing equity in the quarter and going forward and does it suggest you could equity fund the acquisitions going forward?
Glenn Cohen: I'm sure. Again, we issued some -- we used the ATM a little bit during the quarter. Again, it was really to match up against some of the investment opportunities that we had and again, just a continued focus on a balance of our capital structure to further improve our leverage metrics. So, we're always looking at our cost-to-capital, and we're looking at the opportunities that we have ahead of us. So, it's the modest supplement of equity during the quarter to match up related -- some very accretive investments that we have.
Conor Flynn: We're very fortunate position to have a number of different pools of capital sources. So, we're trying to make sure that we look at everything. And again, our cost of capital and use it effectively to continue to grow in an accretive manner.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. If we are, as I mentioned, we ended the quarter with over -- we have a $480 million on the balance sheet. We have some obviously activity nevertheless mentioned subsequent to quarter-end. So, it's still sitting with $330 million of cash, no real near-term debt maturities, and full access to our revolver. In addition, we have the Albertsons investment. So, we're in very, very strong liquidity position to deal with things that are upcoming.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Great. That's all for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Kevin Kim with Truist.
Kevin Kim: Thanks. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah.
Conor Flynn: We hear you.
Kevin Kim: So just going back to that demand question. Obviously, things are great. I'm just curious about where you're seeing the hottest pockets of demand, and conversely where it's a little bit weaker. And I know you mentioned Sunbelt versus not, but maybe you can go little bit deeper. Does it matter like what type of center, Power Center, grocery incurred? Is that just location demographic phase where you're seeing more customers or more population growth? Am just trying to understand just a little more granularity on where demand is.
Glenn Cohen: Sure.
Kevin Kim: I don't mean today. I mean, over the next couple of years.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, I think the next couple of years could be somewhat reflected today as well. So, just thinking of geographic first, could you mention that the Sunbelt, out of the 141 leases that we signed this quarter, over 52% came from Sunbelt markets. And then within that the substantial majority were actually coastal Sunbelt. So, I think you will continue to see that trend progress over the next couple of years. That is where population growth is continuing to rise greater than the rest of the country. Second to that though, on the coastal markets, for that remaining, say 48% of leases signed, it was heavily weighted towards the coastal markets. I think you still see that high demand there.  So, between the coastal Sunbelt, that's where we have seen the majority of activity. Beyond that too, like Southern California, as I mentioned earlier, is extremely aggressive. It's a very, very tight market to penetrate. So, this COVID inventory created opportunities, multiple demand factors that helped push rents further north. In the north east, it's typically been a fairly mature portfolio, usually having higher occupancy levels. And so, it's just their natural constraints there to actually add any new supply as well, and people wanting to penetrate Long Island, for example. I think it will continue to be difficult. So, when there is that opportunity, do you see multiple bidders at the table wanting to enter the market? And then I think that's what you continue to see play out over the next couple of years.
Kevin Kim: And thinking about the Weingarten portfolio, how has that performed relative to your own portfolio. And I guess looking forward, how much more accretive can Weingarten contribution be to the overall enterprise?
Glenn Cohen: So, when we actually quote -- when we first went under contract on the transaction, their occupancy levels are less than ours. But by the time we actually closed, it was very, very close to where we were. So, we're getting that net benefit now, those signed leases that have yet to slow. And so, we always have the original thesis that it was a very complementary portfolio be additive in nature. I think when you look at the small shop gains that we had about a 180 basis points, a 120 wedge came from the Weingarten portfolio 60 of which came from Kimco gains, which was one of our high watermarks as well, quarter-over-quarter. So, you're so, seeing a real benefit there from Weingarten. And then obviously combined as the entity where we're both growing together now.
Conor Flynn: The other part of it is the 3 mixed-use projects that they have they're now, the concessions are rolling off, so the mark-to-market on those renewals is pretty far strong on those three projects. And then when we look at the future entitlement opportunities within that portfolio, that gets us really excited. Because that's obviously where we've been focusing a lot of our time and effort for future value creation. And we feel like there's going to be some incremental opportunities embedded throughout their portfolio. Specifically, Miami, Houston, and Silicon Valley that we're digging our teeth into right now.
Kevin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird.
Wes Golladay: Hey, good morning, everyone. When looking at the balance sheet, it looks like you're in a good spot right now, especially with the Albertsons look-through. So, I'm just wondering why you look to do a joint venture on the Jamestown portfolio when there's so much upside in the assets?
Glenn Cohen: It's a good question. We thought long and hard about the best approach here. We have a huge, tremendous amount of respect for Blackstone. We've continued conversations with them since the success of our early venture. Ultimately, we felt that it was a perfect opportunity for us to reengage the venture that we had with them. We think that there could be some future opportunities here and this could be the beginning. There's no guarantees one way or the other. But we thought this was a great jumping point given all the activities that we have in the market, all the things that we see. to engage that adventure and see where it takes us. So, that's really what the conversation was and we're excited about it.
Wes Golladay: Got it. And then when we look at Albertsons, how should we think about the monetization of that asset, maybe on a, I guess a max dollar per year, if you wanted to maximize your retained cash flow and not payout a special dividend?
Glenn Cohen: It's a great question. I think there's a few components that we have to look at when it comes to Albertsons because of the significant increase in its value. Keep in mind our basis is incredibly low, our basis today is still a little over a $100 million. So, the real governing factor for us is real compliance. So, if you think about the real rules, 75% of your gross revenues have to come from real estate related items.  So that leaves about -- you have 5% net income bucket and then, you have the other 20% that could be interest in dividends and capital gains. So, the governor is going to be, how much our gross revenues are? And our gross revenues today, on a look-forward basis with the merger, somewhere around $1.8 billion. So, monetization-wise, about somewhere around $350 million to $400 million a year of gain is what we could absorbed today. The larger the gross revenue number is, the more we could do. But I would say today that we're looking at somewhere around $400 million on an annual basis is what we can do.
Wes Golladay: Got it. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Tammi Fique with Wells Fargo Securities.
Tammi Fique: Thank you. Just maybe Ross, thinking about -- you said earlier, I guess that you would think about selling some assets going forward, but given your strong capital proposition, I'm wondering what we can expect in terms of that sales activity in 2022 and if that will be driven by geography or will it be more one-off based upon asset growth profile?
Ross Cooper: Yeah, I think we believe that our dispositions program will continue to be just a pruning of select assets for a variety of reasons. I did mention how there are several joint venture partners that we have that might be looking to exit. So, we have conversations with them every day. Many of the assets of which we're talking to them about potentially buying out their position, depending on where that pricing is or the quality of those assets. Some of them defer. We may be market sellers if we think the pricing is too aggressive or the asset just doesn't necessarily fit the growth profile for the portfolio.  So, you may see a little bit more activity from the joint venture portfolio both on buyouts and some potential spike dispositions. Otherwise, part of what we inherited with the Weingarten portfolio as well as from the previous Kimco portfolio, is some undeveloped land parcels that we're constantly evaluating as to whether we believe they're prudent to be developed over time, or if we are better off recycling that capital, selling from non-income producing assets, and then taking that capital for higher growth opportunities. So that's really where you're going to see the bulk of the disposition activity. But again, we don't think it's going to be a tremendous component of our capital set.
Tammi Fique: Okay, great. Thanks. And then maybe one for Glenn. It looks like FFO per share is $0.99 year-to-date, I guess with the guidance raise, it implies $0.37 to $0.38 per share in the fourth quarter. Is there anything in that fourth quarter implied FFO that is non-recurring or is that a pretty good run rate as we think about 2022? Thank you.
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, the $0.37, $0.38 level, again, that is a recurring rate. As I mentioned, the third quarter did have some call it one-time in nature items. You had some real benefit coming from the improvement in credit loss, and we did have about a penny coming from just higher lease termination fees and some of the contributions from the joint ventures on a one-time basis. But $0.37, $0.38 is really a recurring number that we would expect in the fourth quarter.
Tammi Fique: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: Good morning, guys. Just in terms of occupancy, when I look at that number, you're already at over 94%. We've talked about how strong leasing is. Can you provide some color on how you think occupancy could trend maybe into the end of the year and how much pick up you could see next year? I mean, you're at sort of your high watermark level as you call it, sort of the 96.5%, so trying to figure out how much upside there is next year.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Obviously, the last few quarters have been very strong with, on average, about 30 basis point gains between when you blend the 2 together. I tend to like to look back to try to understand what's going to happen going forward. During the Great Recession, when we're going through the recovery period, we averaged about a 15-basis point gain, when -- over an extended period of time to recover back to the occupancy that we lost. Now when you look at the pandemic and COVID, we ended up losing less, about 270 basis points versus around 400 basis points in occupancy; it was over a much shorter period of time. So, you're starting to see that recovery cycle pick up a little bit sooner. And when I look out, if you're ranging that 10 to 30 basis point occupancy gains quarter-over-quarter, that feels about right.
Conor Flynn: Just to clarify, that 15 basis point gain in occupancy, that's a sequential average.
Samir Khanal: Right. And then, in terms of shop leasing, I know we've talked a lot about it in the call today, but is this a scenario where you could even go beyond 90%, which is sort of the high-water mark in prior periods?
Glenn Cohen: Has to go off, has to go off. Push it every day, push as aggressively as we can. And then, hoping with the higher-quality portfolio and all the efforts in the investments that we made at site -- on-site is that we have that opportunity to do you so. I think we're well positioned to do it. One thing we haven't mentioned is the pandemic really shined a light on the quality of the landlord. And the landlord and its ability to make critical investments for the health and support.  And in some cases, the survivability of the tenant when we launched that TAP program back in April of 2020. It was a real lifeline to help a lot of these great operators that we're just struggling through something that was completely outside of their control. And that helped us really secure and retain a number of tenants, and you start to see that now with our retention levels. Achievement is of historic highs on our end as well. So, I think when you mix-in all of these components, we have the right ingredients, and now it's incumbent upon us to execute.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from [Indiscernible] with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: First question, you saw a pretty good sequential growth in small shop occupancy this quarter. I was wondering how much of that was due to the inclusion of Weingarten in your portfolio compared to last quarter?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Yes, we mentioned is 180 basis point gain, 120 of those basis points were related to Weingarten and 60 was related to Kimco.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And, in terms of thinking about your development, redevelopment pipeline, I guess, when should we expect to see some projects from the Weingarten portfolio be added in there.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. I think it's important to look at our redevelopment pipeline in 2 separate but complementary categories. The first is our core retail and repositioning effort. So, the repositioning and remerchandising of the anchor boxes, building a better mouse trap for the existing retailers, that's where you're going to continue to see a lot of investment, and we're just in the process of integrating those opportunities and those projects into the combined Kimco portfolio, so that should start to be reflected in the coming quarters. And then the second part of that is obviously our signature program.  The one project we did activate earlier on was The Milton, the second tower at the Pentagon, where we had recently completed the Whitmer, and that's a 250 residential unit project. And when we look at those projects going forward, we have a real menu of options. We have over 4,000 in total residential units that we can draw upon now. Our goal is to obviously expand the entitled and the built population to over 10,000 -- 10,000 to 12,000 in the next five years. So, we'll look at those selectively and determine at what point in time it makes sense to activate them. And at what structure. And the structure will then -- it influences in factor and how much capital we actually have to deploy out in the market.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell: Hi, good morning. Just a question on the demand related to last mile. Given warehouses are sold out nationally, it seems like it could be a pretty powerful driver of demand. Could you quantify how much leasing demand you're seeing related to retailers and meeting more distribution in their local areas?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. It's hard to quantify right now, but anecdotally what you're seeing is, retailer is looking to potentially either expand their back of house so they are looking for some additional square footage to do some inventory. You're also seeing others like some of the grocers that are actually repurposing some of their square footage within the four walls to utilize for last mile fulfillment and micro fulfillment. And so, they'll actually receive the goods from the loading dock and then, split and distribute them into different categories. One goes to Florida.  So, the customers that walk in the store while the balance goes to the micro -fulfillment's facility, which is actually within their existing four walls. And I think what you're seeing right now is all the retailers that have the means, experimenting with what works best for them. I can't say that I'm an expert on supply chain logistics and distribution, but I know it's really complex and so it's really about foundationally how they're set up. But it is clear that we are having these conversations and that last mile, a brick-and-mortar distribution is going to be a critical part for them going forward.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. And just anecdotally, the last I would say, 5 to 10 years, we've been dealing with the narrative of shrinking box sizes, downsizing, downsizing, downsizing and now the question is, hey, is there additional adjacent space that we can take to enlarge the box. So, it has changed, I think the narrative on becoming more flexible and how you use the square footage and integrating that last mile distribution inside the box. So, to your point, it's one that we're watching closely.
Anthony Powell: Thanks. Maybe on supply and I know it's not a huge issue now. But given the strong fundamentals, I would imagine that some people will start to try to build extra supply. What do you think will change the dynamics of low supply growth in your markets? At what point does it become more of an issue?
Conor Flynn: The costs are a big issue. So, if you think of the land values where we're located. So, if you look at our portfolio of map, that's the main reason why we transformed our portfolio to where it sits today. It's because we wanted to be in locations that have high barriers to entry. So, when the supply cycle does come back, it's very hard to make it pencil to go and buy land and develop a shopping center that would compete with one of Kimco's. You've got to look at the obviously the FAR as well in terms of the build versus the parking lot.  And that's again another barrier to entry of these dense areas. You just don't have the luxury of putting 80% of your property as parking lot and not generating any revenues from that. And so, we're watching it closely. We do think there's a good amount of slack still to be absorbed from the pandemic, and we're experiencing that throughout our portfolio. But to your point, if rents get to a point where they justify new development, it should start to happen. We haven't seen it yet.  But those barriers to entry is why we've positioned our portfolio where it is because we don't want to be sitting in an asset that has tremendous amount of unbuilt dirt around it where you can have a competitor come quickly, reap our positioning, and so that's why we've done a lot of work to be in the position we are today.
Anthony Powell: Got it. Thank you. Good quarter.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One.
Chris Lucas: Good morning, everybody. 2 questions from me. You guys closed the brief deal. There's no mortgage debt on that joint venture. Is there plans to put mortgage debt on that or given the -- where your balance sheet sits and where their balance sheet sits it's just going to stay debt-free at this point.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. Chris, there actually is a small amount of debt about $170 million on that portfolio, which we assumed in the new joint venture.
Chris Lucas: It does mature though soon, doesn't it? And I thought we paid it off, but I know it mature soon.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, it does. We're having conversations now internally with the partnership, and we'll determine what the next steps are there. The expectation though, is, again, with this partnership, as you've seen in many of our joint ventures that they'll be property level debt on it.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then Glenn, while I've got you, the portfolio is bigger, it's more diverse. You deleveraged some, got a lot more liquidity and different levers to pull. Is there a goal of getting ratings increase from the rating agencies given that backdrop? Or are you comfortable where you sit right now?
Glenn Cohen: As we've talked about, and again, it is clearly an objective and a goal of ours to get put on positive outlook and eventually get to an A3 A - level. We think it's a separator -- a differentiator for us. And it's something that we think actually should just happen naturally as EBITDA continues to grow, and we continue to just improve overall capital structure. I mean, we really check almost all the boxes for them. Some monetization of Albertsons, I think over time will -- should hopefully steal the deal for them.
Chris Lucas: Thank you. And that's all I had this morning.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor to Dave Bujnicki for any closing comments.
Dave Bujnicki: Just I want to thank everybody that participated on the call today. We look forward to connecting with a number of you at next week's upcoming NAREIT conference. Until then, have a great weekend.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. [Operator Instructions]

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Kimco Realty Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dave Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
Dave Bujnicki: Good morning. And thank you for joining Kimco’s second quarter 2021 earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco’s CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; David Jamieson, Kimco’s Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of Kimco’s executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call maybe deemed forward-looking and it’s important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we’ll try to resolve as quickly as possible, and if the need arises, we’ll post additional information to our IR website. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning, and thanks for joining us. Today, I will focus my remarks on our operating results. The supply and demand dynamics surrounding those results, the strategic direction we are taking the organization and the powerful position Kimco will have upon the closing of our merger with Weingarten, Ross will then provide some perspective on the transaction market and Glenn will provide additional financial insight on the quarter along with our updated guidance. As I’ve often mentioned, our core focus has been and will continue to be on leasing, leasing leasing, that fuels our growth, validates the quality of our portfolio, strengthens our balance sheet, reduces risk and is a catalyst to overcome pandemic induced disruption. Our second quarter leasing activity and overall results continue to build upon the success that began earlier this year, as we leased 1.8 million square feet and signed 333 leases. This leasing included 139 new leases for GLA exceeding the prior sequential quarter. Overall occupancy finished at 93.9%, up 40 basis points, while our new leasing spreads of 9.2% and renewal spreads of 4.7% resulted in a record 42 quarters or 10 years in a row of positive spreads. The combination of record leasing demand and a five-year low of new vacancies continue to drive the earlier than anticipated occupancy recovery for Kimco. Traffic at our properties is back to 2019 levels and the healthy leasing market reflects the reopening of the economy and the rush by tenants to capture market share is apparent as they pursue our high quality locations. Moreover, in our attractive and strategically selected markets, we do not anticipate any material new supply in the near-term to impact our pricing power. Robust demand for anchor space continues across our portfolio. Centers of the grocery component have outperformed during the pandemic and continued to lead the rebound. We’re also seeing data on restaurants that show people are eager to go out and eat again with the Sunbelt states outperformance. Similar trends with fitness where traffic is coming back quickly. On the store openings off price continues to be a leading source of demand, but we’re also seeing solid demand for furniture, home goods, pet supply, hobby, health and wellness, including discount fitness, just to name a few. Our anchor occupancy finished the quarter at 96.9%, up 70 basis points, which is the single largest quarterly gain since we started reporting anchor occupancy 10 years ago. Small shop demand also continues to recover, albeit at a slower pace. The small shop demand is now building is coming from franchise quick service restaurants, beauty, hair and nail salons, medical and other services. While small shop occupancy did finish down 30 basis points to end at 5.5%, it was impacted from the inclusion of Dania Phases 2 and 3 in the occupancy. If not for this, small shop occupancy would have actually increased sequentially by 30 basis points during the second quarter and we remain confident that the smaller tenants will gradually accelerate their demand for space, as they gain comfort as the recovery from last year severe disruption is sustainable. Further, the importance of being located as a last mile solution for a multitude of potential tenants continues to grow. Our mission critical last mile brick-and-mortar locations will prove to be durable solutions for consumers, retailers and many other businesses that want scale and reach to serve the end consumer. One silver lining of the last year and a half is that it showcased the strength of our repositioned grocery anchored portfolio, the resiliency of our cash flows, and the strength and diversity of our strong mix of high credit tenants. As our occupancy recovers, we anticipate EBITDA and FFO growth will follow and bolster our balance sheet metrics. We are also in a unique position to drive earnings results with multiple levers for growth led by our continued emphasis on leasing and attractive redevelopment opportunities. On the strategic front, the completion of our accretive merger with Weingarten is fast approaching and ahead of schedule. The shareholder votes are scheduled for August 3rd and subject to customary closing conditions. The closing should occur shortly thereafter. With Weingarten’s portfolio combined with Kimco’s, following the merger, we will have even more confident in our ability to drive significant and sustained value from this concentrated platform of open-air, grocery-anchored and mixed use assets in the leading MSAs across the country. Touching further on the power of the merger, the combined company will continue to focus on operating a dynamic and well diversified portfolio in these markets, but with greater scale, resources and embedded opportunities. We expect that the complementary business operations will allow us to extract annualized cost efficiencies, while deleveraging our balance sheet. I think it is important to reiterate the scale and reach we will have with our targeted first-ring suburbs of core markets across the Sunbelt. Together we’ll have approximately 550 open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers and mixed-use assets comprising more than 100 million square feet of gross leasable area. At closing approximately 82% of the company’s total annual base rent will be derived from strategic Sunbelt growth markets and high-barrier-to-entry top coastal markets. The combined platform will also have a highly diversified strong credit tenant base. With the top 10 tenants, all essential, industry leading grocers and best-in-class retailers, with no single tenant representing more than 4% of ABR and given that we are not completely out of the pandemic woods yet, with the reality and threat of new strains, we believe the combined portfolio, strong balance sheets and battle tested team puts us in an even better position to withstand any disruptions to the ongoing recovery. Looking beyond the closing, the Weingarten portfolio brings a largely funded and derisked development pipeline, and presents vast potential in the form of embedded untapped redevelopment from which we believe we can extract incremental value. Ultimately, we believe this a creative combination will result in enhanced financial strength, with the flexibility and resources to efficiently capitalize on the value creation opportunities ahead. Well, we will be quantifying the impact until after the transaction is closed. We are highly energized by the opportunities in front of us to maximize value for shareholders. In closing, our team is motivated and executing. As we look forward, our ability to create value will be enhanced in the coming years by our last mile fulfillment opportunities, with high growth, high quality, open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers and mixed use properties that will enable us to realize substantial operating benefits. With that, I will turn the call over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Good morning, and thank you, Conor. As the recovery from the pandemic continues to take shape and the essential nature of our open-air shopping center locations become more apparent, the capital flowing to the space also continues to significantly increase. A well-capitalized private equity investor recently told me, there’s only so much sub-4% cap rate industrial and multifamily products we can buy. The risk adjusted return for high quality open-air retail products has become increasingly evident. We have seen this sentiment play out in the transactions market this quarter and the momentum continues to build. We have seen it on portfolios and one-off centers alike. Leasing velocity and renewal rates have given investors confidence in both the stability and future upside of existing cash flows and rent rolls. With capital abundant on both the equity and debt side, and with interest rates declining even lower recently, a very accommodative environment for deal flow exists. This includes a recently closed grocery portfolio in the Philadelphia MSA, a diversified portfolio of retail assets in Phoenix, one-off grocery deals in South Florida, New Jersey, and several in Southern California and Atlanta to give a few examples. As we see brokers starting to report results, it is clear 2021 is on track to be one of the highest production years for the industry. There is no question that appetite for open-air retail is voracious. We continue to be opportunistic, yet selective and disciplines in the investments we make. In the second quarter as an addition to our structured investments program, we invested approximately $55 million in a preferred equity position into The Rim, a dominant retail, entertainment and mixed-use district having over 1 million square feet of GLA located in a fast growing San Antonio market. The property has consistently been the number one most heavily trafficked center in all of Texas, with exceptional tenant sales to support the property. We are extremely excited for the upside of this investment, which was made at an attractive current yield and reasonable basis, along with a right-of-first-refusal to buy the center in the future. Another recent success is the sale of a two -- of two Rite Aid California-based distribution centers closed in the second quarter that were acquired by our taxable REIT subsidiary earlier this year in a sale leaseback transaction. When we completed the sale of these two properties at a price of $108 million, it represented a significant increase from the $84 million paid just five months earlier and generated a 72% IRR for Kimco on this investment. As we carefully considered capital allocation and disciplined investment opportunities, we believe that selective acquisitions, structured investments and partnership buyouts will continue to present themselves at the appropriate times. Now to Glenn for the financial results for the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. Our solid second quarter growth is fueled by continued improvement in rent collections, low credit loss and very strong same site NOI. Our strong leasing efforts combined with an improving economy produced a sequential uptick in occupancy and another quarter of positive leasing spreads. In addition, as EBITDA has increased, our debt metrics have also improved. Now for some details on second quarter results, NAREIT FFO was $148.8 million or $0.34 per diluted share for the second quarter 2021, which includes merger-related charges of $3.2 million or $0.01 per diluted share in connection with the anticipated merger with Weingarten. This compares to $103.5 million or $0.24 per diluted share for the second quarter of the prior year. The significant growth was mainly driven by increased pro rata NOI of $44.7 million comprised of lower credit losses from potentially uncollectible accounts and straight line rents of $15.9 million and higher lease termination income of $2.7 million. These increases were offset by lower minimum rent and reduce TAM [ph] and real estate tax recoveries due to lower occupancy compared to the same quarter last year. The improvement in credit losses attributable to our increased cash collections as we are approaching pre-pandemic rent collection levels. During the second quarter, we collected over 96% of pro rata based rents billed. We also collected over 77% of rents due from cash basis tenants during the second quarter, up from 70% collected in the first quarter. Further, collections of prior period amounts from cash basis tenants totaling $7 million during the second quarter of 2021 versus $1.8 million collected during the same period in 2020. Our cash basis tenants comprise 8.8% of total annualized base rents. In addition, we collected almost 90% of the deferred rent billed during the second quarter. At the end of June, we have approximately $25.4 million of deferred rents, which remains to be billed over the next 12 months and 64% of this demand is reserved. As Conor mentioned, the operating portfolio delivered significant improvement in the second quarter, with a sequential increase in occupancy and positive leasing spreads. Our same site NOI growth including redevelopments was 16.7%, including a 30-basis-point uplift from these voids [ph]. This is the first positive quarter of same site NOI growth since first quarter 2020 and should be the start of a recurring trend. Another positive indicator is the increase in the spread of lease versus economic occupancy, which now stands at approximately 300 basis points, up from 230 basis points last quarter and represents $33.4 million of pro rata ABR. The spread bodes well for future cash flow growth. Turning to the balance sheet, at the end of the second quarter consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA was 6.3 times. On a look through basis, including pro rata share of JV debt and pro rata -- and preferred stock outstanding, the metric was 7.1 times. These metrics are better than the pre-pandemic levels at the end of 2019. From a liquidity standpoint, we ended the second quarter with over $230 million of cash and full availability on our $2 billion revolving credit facility. We will be using cash on hand and a portion of the revolver to sum the cash component of the Weingarten merger consideration and transaction costs. In addition, our Albertsons marketable security investment was valued at close to $800 million at the end of June and there are no plans to monetize any portion of this investment during 2021. During the second quarter, we repaid $120 million of mortgage debt, unencumbering an additional 23 assets. We have no consolidated debt maturing from the balance of the year and our next bond maturity is not until November of 2022. Our weighted average consolidated debt maturity profile stands at 10.7 years, one of the longest in the REIT industry. As for JV debt, we have only $53 million maturing for the remainder of the year, with refinancing alternatives already identified. With respect to outlook for the balance of the year, based on our first half 2021 operating results, an expectations that include ongoing improvement in credit loss and same site NOI growth, we are again raising our NAREIT FFO per share guidance range to $1.29 to $1.33 from the previous range of $1.22 to $1.26. This new range is presented on a standalone basis and does not incorporate any impact of the pending merger with Weingarten other than the $3.2 million or $0.01 per diluted share of merger related charges incurred during the second quarter 2021. Assuming the merger is complete during the third quarter as anticipated, we will provide updated guidance on a combined basis on our next earnings. Lastly, with respect to our common dividend, shortly after the merger is completed, the Board of Directors expects to declare a regular quarterly cash dividend, which will be payable during the third quarter. And now we’d be ready to take your questions.
Dave Bujnicki: We’ve been advised to keep this call focus on Kimco’s second quarter results and the outlook as a standalone company. More information will be forthcoming once this transaction closes, which we anticipate will be shortly after the completion of the respective meetings of stockholders, which is on August 3rd. In terms of the Q&A, we want to make this an efficient process. You may ask a question with an additional follow-up. If you have additional questions, you’re more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Tom, you can take the first caller.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Obviously enjoying the improved results, but I just -- I want to know if the recent spike in COVID-19 cases and some of the breakthrough cases are giving any of your tenants or retailers hesitancy regarding longer term leasing decisions?
Conor Flynn: Yeah. Craig, it’s a great question, obviously, top of mind for all of us right now. The Delta variant as we know is running across the country. But we haven’t seen any meaningful change in terms of our outlook or views. Right now, obviously, all markets are open and a lot of lessons have been learned over the last 16 months of how people have adapted to sort of a new normal and how you shop and access those retailers and the retailers themselves. As you could -- as evidenced by our occupancy gains this quarter continue to look for new opportunities to expand as they prepare for the new normal within 2021, 2022 and 2023.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then a follow-up question, it’s probably for Ross. Regarding the increased transaction market, neighborhood community lifestyle or power centers, which are you seeing the biggest pickup in activity in transaction and which are seeing the lowest rise in transactions?
Ross Cooper: Yeah. I mean, there’s no doubt that grocery-anchored infill shopping centers are very much in demand right now. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, I mean, you think about the risk adjusted return, the spread on high quality grocery-anchored centers in the high 4s to the low 5s, and you’re still getting a good 100 basis points -- 125 basis points spread compared to some of the other asset classes. So we’re starting to see a lot of both private and some of our public peers getting much more aggressive on that product type and we think that will just continue. We aren’t seeing more activity on power and lifestyle, there’s not as much that we’ve seen transact as of yet. But with the improvement in the economy, with the improvement in the retailer sales, we are seeing much more conviction on some of those categories that you see in lifestyle centers, such as restaurants, entertainment, fitness, really coming back and solidifying themselves. So I think that there’s just a lot of demand for all product types right now within open-air retail.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Good morning. Just hoping you could spend a little time talking about the assumptions behind collections of past due rents and your reversals of bad debt for the balance of the year. And if you could just go over what was in the second quarter as the numbers you went through in your prepared remarks were pretty quick paced?
Glenn Cohen: So in terms of what we collected $7 million from our tenants, our cash basis tenants from the prior periods during the second quarter. As -- in terms of the outlook for the balance of the year, again, it’s still going to be wait and see how it all goes. But collections, as I’ve mentioned, have improved. We collected close to 96% of our base rents. We collected 77% of the cash basis tenants that were billed during the quarter. So it’s -- we’re going to have to wait and see, though, for the bounce of the year. We do have in the -- in guidance, there is credit loss that’s still -- that’s built into the numbers, the low end has still has about $20 million of credit was built in. The high end of our range has about $5 million. So based on where things are today, we’re more comfortable when we look at our guidance towards the upper end of the range.
Conor Flynn: Is there a follow up one or we can go to the next caller,
Juan Sanabria: I apologize. I was on mute, surprise. But just if you could give a little color on Dania and how leasing is tracking there for the small shop space or where the demand is coming from and how you’re feeling about your underwriting there? Thank you.
Ross Cooper: Yeah. And we actually feel very good about the direction that Dania is going with the new openings earlier this year with Urban Outfitters and Anthropologie. Later this summer, we have several other new openings there on the horizon. We have American Eagle towards the end of the year, Regal, we have the two Marriott flag hotels, they’ll be opening this fall, as well as including some of the additional restaurant spaces. So there’s tremendous change in growth that’s coming from Dania as we started to get these other retailers open and we have Sprouts that’s scheduled to open towards November, December of this year as well. Then followed by that, and obviously, it’s a strong leasing demand, as the economies have started to recover and people have really appreciated the location of this site along 995 and all the growth that’s happening in Fort Lauderdale market. We’re very encouraged by the direction of Dania long-term.
Conor Flynn: So the only point I’d add is Spirit Airlines is in procurement on their piece of the project, which is their headquarters that I think should be a nice component of the live workplace environment that we’re building there.
Ross Cooper: And I want to dive with that Conor and is that the second residential tower is also completed and ready to break ground shortly.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: Hey. Good morning, guys. I wanted to come back to occupancy for a second, by all indications and I think your prepared remarks support this. The leasing market feels pretty good. But I think a lot of the recovery depends upon how long we’re going to -- how long it takes to get occupancy back to normal. I think your peak prior to COVID, and correct me if I’m wrong, was just a little bit higher than 96%. So while the trends look really good, I’m wondering if you can just comment on the path to getting back to pre-COVID levels. How long do you think that takes and what does that mean for a recovery in total NOI? Is that still in mid-2023 event or do you think after this quarter that’s pulled forward to maybe late 2022?
Ross Cooper: Yeah. It’s a great question. Well, the path is really dependent on demand. So I think you have to start there and understand where the retailers are today and then what we anticipate going forward. I think, for a few reasons, we’ll continue to see that this demand stay pace. We will maintain pace from what we’ve seen in the last two quarters. One, you still are -- the retailer, they’re still working through, they are all going to buy numbers that they’re trying to achieve in 2020 and now in 2021. So there’s a bit of a bottleneck there that they’re actively trying to expand and upgrade the quality of their portfolio to A quality sites with the new supply, that’s obviously come online, not the new supply, but the vacancy as a result of the pandemic. That’s given them the opportunity. Second to that, other retailers were able to raise additional capital or right size their balance sheets through the pandemic. So when you look at grocer such as fresh market that may have not been necessarily on an expansion mode, pre-pandemic, they’re now starting to look at new stores and new locations to add grocery in new market. So you now have some new demand drivers on top of the pent-up demand from the existing retailer. And then, third, you have others that are really testing new formats. We’ve learned so much in the last 16 months of how consumers respond to retailers, how they want to shop. And so you do have retailers like Container Store, they had been fairly set in their way about their store format. But now looking at smaller formats and penetrating other markets as well. So you’ll continue to see that as demand factor. And then new concepts, new concepts like choice markets, which is trying to reinvent the C-store and adapt to more millennial trends. DoorDash has come out with DashMart and so you’re starting to add new categories on top of what we’ve historically seen. So I think as long as you maintain those demand drivers, we’ll be able to make good progress in recovering our occupancy and get back to what was our peak.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. Rich, the one thing I would add is just, the Kimco differentiator I think is, our team, obviously, first and foremost, but then we’ve optimized the entire portfolio with the curbside pickup program. And I think retailers are really resonating with that program. They’ve come to us and said it’s best-in-class. They want to do more sites with us. And I think when you combine that with our team, it leads us to believe that the occupancy is going to continue to trend in the right direction. Now we might see a pause next quarter because of some of the eviction moratoriums that are burning off. But we think there’s enough demand, obviously, there to backfill that. And it’s led by the anchors and then we think that’s going to follow with the small shops. The anchored demand is diverse, which is great to see and then the small shops should fall along after that.
Rich Hill: Got it. Conor, just to push a little bit more on this. What I’m trying to get at is, is the trough just higher than what we anticipated, but the endpoint is the same. And if I looking -- if I’m looking at sort of your prepared remarks and your press release, where you talk about, maybe stronger portfolio occupancy gains than what you were previously anticipating, that leads me to believe that the trough is higher, but the recoveries also a little bit steeper. So if I can push this here a little bit, I’m sorry for putting words in your mouth. But I think you’ve said mid-2023 for recovery in the past, does that -- do you feel better about that recovery endpoint post-2Q or as 2Q just the sugar high, that leads to a higher trough?
Conor Flynn: It’s -- really, obviously, Rich, it’s hard to predict the future, especially with the Delta variant out there. But what we’ve seen so far is the demand is not subsiding. I think that timeline still holds true. And I think we’ve got to obviously execute let the numbers speak for themselves and right now with this quarter, it’s not a sugar high quarter. We see the backup of pent-up demand occurring through the leasing pipeline that we’ve built up and believe that we can continue the momentum. But clearly, there’s a lot of various factors out there that we can’t anticipate the future with. But right now what we said, we’d like what we see.
Rich Hill: Okay. Great, guys. Nice quarter. Thank you for the additional color. That’s it for me.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Rents spread on new leases accelerated further during the period. How much pricing power do you have right now and can that continue to accelerate from here?
Ross Cooper: Yeah. So the leasing spreads are always, it’s totally dependent about the population that’s within that on any given quarter, but the supply demand balance right now where retailers are really looking to upgrade the quality of their portfolio, our efforts to right size our portfolio to make sure that we really own A quality assets, enables us to maintain that supply demand balance and so we’re able to push rents on the below market pieces that we have. And when you look at the lease expiration schedule that’s on the horizon, in the next couple of years, they’re still -- those leases and those rents are below what our corporate average is right now. So we still see that there’s opportunity to push those rents further as at least as well.
Conor Flynn: If the demand for last mile retail has just come rolling back and when you look at some of the tidbits that we’re hearing from tenants that are typically, I would say, penny pinching, that are saying that they’ll pay off for the locations that fit their needs. Clearly, their supply and demand dynamic is shifted in our favor and with no new supply on the horizon, we do feel like we’re going to have pricing power continue in our favor.
Michael Goldsmith: That’s really helpful. And as a follow up, when retailers are looking to expand, where -- what are they looking for specifically in their new locations? Are they focused on certain geographies? Are they focused more on first-ring suburbs or maybe more suburban areas? Like how are -- how does the expansion look and where are you seeing that demand?
Ross Cooper: Yeah. It’s retailer dependent based on their corporate strategy. So it’s -- what are the voids that they see in their program and how are they trying to fill it. For example, you could have a grocery store that’s either modify their formats. Sprouts did that a couple years ago between 30,000 square feet now down to around that 22,000 to 24,000 square foot range. So they’re looking at new box opportunities that are more prototypical to what historically they targeted. While others are looking to potentially expand the box to incorporate more last mile distribution, that Connor mentioned earlier, or some other form of fulfillment. The first-ring suburb, that’s really where we’re focused, and obviously, there’s been a huge value-add and being closest to the customer where they live and now with sort of what the world will look like with the hybrid back-to-work model, there’s definitely much more of a balance between urban and first-ring suburban markets. And so we’ll continue to see that demand pick up on the first-ring suburbs. So it’s a really hard answer to give that, that specific in one general and one specific way, because every retailer is looking at it a little bit differently based on historically what they’ve done and where they see these voids and how they want to achieve that.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. The retailers today have more data on their customer than they’ve ever had before and so really where they’re focused is, how do they best serve that customer. And now with the data that they have, how important that last mile store is to not only the floor wall, but the actual Halo effects of buy online, pick up in store, curbside pick up, the ease of returns. A lot of the feedback that we’re hearing from our retailers is, the spaces that we may have passed on before we want to look out again. And I think that’s sort of the tidbits that we’re taking away from this is, there’s a lot of pent-up demand, there’s a lot of voids that need to be filled and last mile retail has become more valuable due to the pandemic.
Michael Goldsmith: Appreciate it. Good luck on the back half.
Dave Bujnicki: Tom, next caller.
Operator: The next question comes from Katy McConnell with Citi. Please go ahead.
Katy McConnell: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So I am wondering if you can provide a little more background on the Rite Aid transactions and the market dynamics that led to the quick monetization of that investment.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yeah. I mean, when we started the conversation with Rite Aid back in May of 2020, obviously, it was a bit of a different environment. We stated publicly around that time that we were looking to be opportunistic. We felt that the balance sheet and our liquidity position enabled us to do that. So we were fortunate enough to have those conversations directly with one of our resellers. We felt very good about the leases that we were able to negotiate with them in terms of the rent versus market, having annual increases that we felt were very attractive, and obviously, seeing the demand for single-tenant products, particularly in the industrial space, we knew that there was a lot of value that was created on that acquisition. So we wanted to maintain it as much flexibility as possible, which was why we bought it into the TRS and the market spoke, and clearly, there was some good upside rather quickly that we wanted to capitalize and we were able to do that with the monetization of itself. It was a bit of a unique transaction but we were excited about it, of course, and we’ll continue to look for those diamonds in the rough where they come.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. Katy you know, but others may not that this really falls into our plus business, which we believe is a real differentiator for Kimco. We focus on retailers that are real estate rich and have the ability to come in and hopefully unlock a lot of value for our shareholders through a differentiated strategy. So it’s one that is unique to Kimco. We’re very proud of it. Obviously, we own a lot of Albertsons shares because of this strategy and this is just another data point of why we think it’s a nice differentiator for Kimco to unlock value from retailers that are real estate rich.
Katy McConnell: Okay. Great. And then bigger picture, can you provide some more commentary around what you’re seeing from an institutional capital perspective and the appetite to put capital to work in strips today, and maybe touch on your appetite to monetize assets, if approached by your capital partners for more JV deals today?
Ross Cooper: Yeah. I missed the beginning of the question. I’m sorry. Would you mind just repeating that?
Katy McConnell: Yeah. Just looking for some more commentary around what you’re seeing from institutional capital on the demand to put capital to work in strips today.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Yeah. I mean, it’s voracious, as I mentioned in the opening remarks. I mean, there’s a significant amount of capital that was raised during this pandemic. Everybody was looking for distress. It really did not materialize. And now what you’re seeing is that a lot of that capital is really focused on core. So we’re in a pretty unique position that, there’s a lot of investors that want to invest in retail, but maybe lack the operational expertise. So we are fielding a lot of questions, a lot of comments, a lot of inquiries from institutional capital that want to invest in retail, want to take advantage, see that there is clearly a need and utility of our open-air space. But how do they actually go about investing in that. So we’re having a lot of those conversations. There’s plenty of capital that’s looking for it and now it’s just being very selective as to where we put our capital and who we invest alongside. That being said, there are other investors that have substantial legacy retail investments, many of which are not necessarily in open-air retail, that are looking to maybe reduce that exposure. And that also becomes an opportunity for us. If they’re looking for what component of their retail investments are liquid in this market. It’s clearly the open-air neighborhood grocery shopping centers that are attractive -- are attracting a lot of capital that they know that they can monetize and we’re there to discuss that with them as well.
Katy McConnell: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey. Good morning. So just noticed that renewal lease volumes were down from last quarter, but I assume that bucket is primarily driven by expiring leases and somewhat out of your control. Now that said, have you noticed any changes or trends with regard to tenant retention?
Ross Cooper: Yeah. So Q1 you tend to have a higher renewal rate because that’s when more leases rollover, so you’re spot on there. It’s really related to the population on a given quarter about when their leases roll. But as it relates to retention trends, they’ve been very strong and people that have certain -- retailers that have made it through the pandemic at this point, I think, feel good about the position they’re in. For us, as Conor mentioned earlier, with curbside, we’ve done an extraordinary amount and working with our tenants and trying to provide a true Kimco advantage to be a retail partner within a Kimco center. And I think what retailers have come to learn is that your landlord matters. If you’re well capitalized, you have vision, you’re willing to test experiment and be a true partner and a good steward of not only the retailer, but of the community itself, it makes a big, big difference. For a lot of these small shops, this is their livelihood and they’re investing a tremendous amount of sweat equity and their own money into the business. And so they want to make sure that whoever they’re aligned with is also in partnership with them. I think that’s been a big eye opening experience for a lot of those retailers, so that’s definitely helped us with retention levels.
Greg McGinniss: So that maintains retention then or is it increased, like, versus pre-pandemic?
Ross Cooper: Well, I think, our renewals have always been quite strong. So I think it’s just standing it proven.
Conor Flynn: Hey, Greg. I think the most sellers today are looking at their spaces and recognizing that the leases might be below market and it might be very difficult to replace that location. So retention rates are high. We feel like we’re confident in the portfolio and knowing that with the supply and demand dynamic, we don’t see that changing.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. Thanks. And then, Juan, partially covered this question earlier. But, Glenn, just curious how you thinking about switching tenants back to accrual based accounting, are you kind of waiting to see what happens with the potential rising COVID cases right now or could we start to see some of those reversals?
Kathleen Thayer: Hey, Greg. This is Kathleen. I am sure I will take that this one for you.
Greg McGinniss: Okay.
Kathleen Thayer: So you’re right. You’re -- there’s always a thought of what’s to come with a pandemic. And as you probably know, cash basis isn’t the kind of category where tenants can pop in and out of it from a GAAP perspective. So there’s criteria that you need to set. So generally we look to see that the tenant remains current on their base rent for six months to nine months. And so we’ll continue to monitor that trend. I do anticipate that in the second half of the year, there will be some of our tenants that make up that 8.8% of ABR, that Glenn mentioned, that will be coming out of cash basis. But just something to keep in mind when thinking about that, just because a tenant comes out of cash basis, obviously, as I said, they need to be current on their rent. So the impact that you’re going to see on credit loss is very minimal, right, because they’re actually paying. Where you may see some sort of FFO impact really on the straight line side, which although I wish that was cash, it’s not, but there could be an FSO impact from that.
Greg McGinniss: Thank you so much for the clarity.
Operator: The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Good morning. In the beginning, in the prepared remarks, I can get touched briefly on the redevelopment opportunity that Kimco had. So I was wondering if you could give more detail on kind of the depth of that opportunity and I know you’re working on a number of large mixed use projects, but even just the smaller ones, how much of that activity do you expect you could complete each year and what types of projects are most appealing?
Ross Cooper: Sure. Hey, Caitlin. So on the redevelopment side we continue to see a lot of opportunity. We continue to look for what’s the highest best use of our real estate. And what we’ve seen is, we’ve been averaging around 700 to 1,000 multifamily units a year that have entitlements. And so we continue to think that’s a great use of our sweat equity to create opportunity for future value creation on the asset and then activate that at our when it’s the best time to do so. On the smaller redevelopment side, clearly, those are ones we get the best bang for our buck, where we’re on average returning over 10% on invested capital. So we continue to monitor and mind the portfolio for those. Typically, it’s adding a pad out in front with a drive-through or expanding a shopping center in some way, shape or form. And those continue to be right around, I would say, between $8 million to $100 million a year of capital investment. Now, we’d love to do more of that. Clearly, it’s the -- some great returns on capital and we’ll continue to try and look for those opportunities going forward. And then on the larger scale redevelopment projects, we continue to look through our portfolio, and say, what’s the best way to activate these projects and we want to be mindful of the fact that, we have a lot of opportunity, but there’s different ways to structure those opportunities. And so you’ve seen this do it in the past where we’ve sold entitlements, typically office entitlements, we’ve ground lease entitlements, those sometimes are multifamily projects or joint ventures and done projects that add a nice live workplace experience to the to the shopping center. So we’ll continue to do that. As you know, we’ve done a lot of work on entitlements already for up to 5,000 apartment unit entitlements and continue to think that’s a great use of our time and effort going forward.
Caitlin Burrows: Just to clarify, you mentioned on the smaller ones was that $80 million to $100 million per year?
Ross Cooper: That’s correct.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Okay. And then maybe a question just on leasing volumes, you guys pointed out that for the second quarter, historically, 2Q 2021 was 11% higher than that historical level. So I was just wondering if you expect the above historical average leasing activity could continue through like mid-2023, as occupancy comes back or do you think the current strength is more of that, like, a quick bounce back and then it could slow to more historical levels?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. I mean, obviously, when you hit a peak, it’s a peak, right? I mean, if we’d never achieved that level. So, yeah, we are very proud of that effort in Q2 to meet or exceed that on any given quarter is obviously been a big effort and so we’d anticipated, probably, being a little bit less. But with the demand side, as we’ve mentioned earlier in some of our other marks, it’s very, very strong. So we still anticipate growth over the next year and a half to two years with retail demand in place.
Ross Cooper: Yeah. Caitlin, I think, the way we continue to think about it is, you’ll see anchors lead the way until it hits that sort of historical high occupancy levels. And then once that hits that you’ll hope you’ll see the small shops actually start to pick up the slack. And so that’s the way we think about it. Typically, the small shops around an anchor lease up once the anchor has been leased and so that’s what we continue to think will play out.
Caitlin Burrows: All right. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. Good morning out there. So two questions, first, on the cap rate side, you guys did the prep deal [ph] in San Antonio. And just curious, when you -- as you guys see the acquisition market, are you seeing sellers maybe reluctant to sell because either they want to stabilize their NOI or they view the cap rates to accel in which case, we should expect to see more sort of partial investments like prep deals or JV stakes with the option to buy out eventually or do you see that sellers are willing to just outright transact even though there’s a view that the fundamentals are getting better and that cap rates are going to continue to compress?
Ross Cooper: I think it’s every circumstance is a little bit different. So as evidenced by the amount of transactions that have occurred, there are plenty of owners that are willing and have been executing on dispositions. They see that -- the market continues to work in their favor. The finance ability of these assets has never been greater with interest rates where they are. So it is a very good time, if you’re a seller to take advantage of all time low interest rates and thus cap rates. At the same time, there is an opportunity for owners that have the capital and the financial wherewithal to reinvest in assets to try to stabilize cash flows, if they were be down a little bit during the COVID, depending on what type of tenancy they had. So you’re seeing certain decisions potentially being delayed for a period of time. And you always have to compete with the opportunity for an owner to refinance their assets, because as I mentioned, the finance ability of those assets is very much available. So every circumstances you need, but we’re finding plenty of opportunities. We do think that we’ll continue to see structured investments with the preferred equity and the mez financing present themselves will continue to be very disciplined and only look to invest in those assets, where we feel very good about the basis, our current return and then, of course, it has to check the box as to an asset that we would potentially look to own in the future and that’s where we secure a right-of-first-refusal or write-of-first-offer. So we’ve intentionally not put out any sort of mandate on the amount that we’re going to invest in that program, but to the extent that those opportunities present themselves, we’re ready and excited to do that.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the next one is, oh, sorry, go.
Ross Cooper: Yeah. Go ahead, Alex.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thanks. Sorry. Next question is for Glenn, just, sorry for all the confusion. I didn’t go to CPA school. So apologize on accounts receivable and reserve rents. But big picture, you’re collecting north of 96% of the rents and yet you have 51% of your AR reserve. So big picture, what it sounds like is that basically almost all your tenants are healthy operating, it’s just a matter of when you can get paid up for past bills. And then that comes down to, I guess, either a payment plan or if you guys are going to say, look, for a tenant who just doesn’t have the wherewithal to pay the back stuff, just wash that clean, pay the rent going forward. So just trying to reconcile sort of north of 96% collected but you have 50% reserved?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. No. It’s a good question Alex. To help you a little bit, 36% of it -- of the AR is the cash basis tenants that hasn’t paid yet. So a big portion of the reserve is really related to the cash basis tenants. The other portion of the reserve just comes down to timing and our own policies around TAM and tax bills and disputes. So those are really the two big pieces that make up with the reserves. So that will [inaudible].
Alexander Goldfarb: So the 36% of AR, that is part of that little 4% of rent that hasn’t been collected.
Glenn Cohen: Well, the third, again, when you look at total AR, it’s a combination. Month-after-month, what hasn’t been collected. Some of it, it’s fully reserved, well, remember all cash basis tenants that have an aid, they’re 100% reserved. So it’s a buildup of total.
Alexander Goldfarb: Right. But basically some of those tenants are still in the portfolio. They may be paying you now. So I mean, when you say 96% collected in the second quarter. That includes cash basis. That’s what I’m just trying to understand?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. That includes the cash basis and it’s that paid. So as we mentioned, 8.8% of the tenants are the ABR that we have is on a cash basis, of that amount, 77% of those tenants paid during the quarter. There was about, I think, the numbers, I think, is about $9 million that wasn’t paid by those cash basis tenants during the quarter and they’re fully reserved in the number.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So that’s the 36% in other words.
Glenn Cohen: In total that -- when you look to total AR numbers, 36% is related to cash basis tenants. So we’re still accruing them. They’re just fully reserved.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Okay.
Kathleen Thayer: But that have -- that 36% is a cumulative number. So…
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay.
Kathleen Thayer: … during when COVID was really high back in Q2 and Q3 of 2020, that AR wasn’t at the 96%. It’s still in the high 9 -- in the high 80%s. So that balance is still sitting in that AR. So you’re putting a reserve on that old balance as well. And then to your point…
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay.
Kathleen Thayer: … that baked was in the 96% continues to get a reserve on it.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Awesome. Awesome. Listen, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Golladay with Baird. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I just had a question on when do you think paid occupancy will bottom and how much of an impact will the eviction moratorium -- moratoriums have on occupancy? And then one last one there would be, you still have a lot of abatements about $5 million, when will those start to burn off?
David Jamieson: I am sorry, I just missed the very first part of that it was a word and then occupancy…
Wes Golladay: Oh! Yeah. I am looking for -- yeah, paying occupancy. When do you think that will bottom? I understand that you have some people that may still be in the occupancy number, but there could be an eviction moratorium…
David Jamieson: Got it.
Wes Golladay: Just trying to quantify the…
David Jamieson: Got it.
Wes Golladay: … impact of that and actual, yeah.
David Jamieson: Yeah. Sure. I mean, at this point, that -- the impact of that should be fairly small, tiny material. There are obviously moratoriums on the West Coast that are still in place that I believe California lifts towards the end of September. So we would anticipate but there’s some modest impact to that, but nothing that would be live too meaningful on a go forward basis. And what was the second question -- second part of your question.
Wes Golladay: Yeah. The second one was regarding the abatements. You still have some abatements running through the numbers, just seeing when those will end?
David Jamieson: Yeah. We anticipate that those will start to trail through Q3 and Q4, I mean, that as we’ve gone through the majority of the impacts of the pandemic at this point.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. Just to give you a little bit further color. The abatements that were booked during the third quarter were $5 million, but only about $2 million of that related to second quarter rents. So to Dave’s point, it’s really starting to whittle down and we expect it to be lower as we go through the balance year.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Got it. Yeah. Thanks for the color on that. And then, I guess, one more big picture question. Do you have a sense of what percent of the new leasing has been driven by demand that emerged during the pandemic such as the last mile, the first-ring suburb and is it more concentrated in shops or anchors at the moment?
David Jamieson: Well, our demand, obviously, the increase in the occupancy of the anchors, you can see it more on the demand side with the anchors, which was anticipated, they usually have a quicker recovery rate then we’ll be trailed by the small shops. It’s really hard to narrow it down to whether or not it was as a result of one specific category of last mile distribution and pandemic demand versus just general growth and revision or adjustment to their retail strategy. But it’s really a combination of all these things, referencing back to a few of the points I made earlier between identifying lessons learned to historic growth opportunities to expansion in new markets and sort of all culminates into higher demand.
Wes Golladay: Got it Thanks everyone.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey. Thank you. So I appreciate the comments earlier about your desire to pursue more preferred investments as they present themselves, but I haven’t heard any mention of the returns there. So maybe can you share more on the return on the investment in that The Rim asset the $55 million there? What are the returns you’re targeting there and how do they compare versus comparable asset quality acquisition deals? Thanks.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yeah. And each deal, obviously, is individual negotiation. But I would say from a more macro level, the difference between preferred and mezzanine. In the preferred investments, we typically look for a high single-digit current return on our investment, but we do participate in the back end profit assuming that the asset performs the way that we’ve underwritten, there’s usually back end participation that can juice that return somewhere into the teens from an IRR perspective. On the mezzanine financing, oftentimes those are higher coupons, but don’t necessarily have the back end participation. So we’re getting double digits current or sometimes even into the teens. But it very much depends on each asset. As it relates to The Rim, that one is a preferred equity investment. So like I said, we got very high single digits current. But when we look at the opportunity on that asset and some of the things that we think can occur in terms of occupancy increases and maybe some repositioning, and just the general strength of that asset in the market, we think that we will certainly see some participation on the profit on the back end. So typically looking for at a minimum teens IRRs.
Haendel St. Juste: Great. Great. That’s helpful. Appreciate that. And just going back to Albertsons for a second, I am curious and understand there’s no need to tap into the stock here, given the lack of near-term debt maturities, the liquidity you talked about before. But I guess I’m curious under what scenarios that thinking could change, are you waiting more for opportunistic deals to perhaps fall in your lap or is it waiting maybe another year or two and as you start to approach some of those debt maturities. Just curious as you have this liquidity, how the available options that you’re considering could, perhaps, drive a change in thinking there? Thanks.
Ross Cooper: No. That’s a great question, Haendel. I mean, the good part, as you point out is, there is very little in terms of debt maturities in the near-term. So there’s no emergency or real need necessarily today to monetize it. Two, we still have to manage our re-taxable income position. The good news is the -- and I think we’ve talked about this previously the built-in gain actually burns off next month. So the federal income tax piece of it is no -- will no longer be an issue. But we still have to manage our re-taxable income. In addition, there still are certain lockups related to our investment with our partner. So in order to monetize it today, we would need, it would be subject to a marketed sale and in agreement with the rest of our partners. Come June of 2022, there are no further restrictions on the investment. And then we’ll also and when we look at the 2022, we know we have two preferred that are callable, we have a bond that will come due. So there’s lots of opportunities to use that capital to further deleverage balance sheet.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Got it. Thanks, guys. It sounds like it’s more of a 2022 event at this point based on what you’re looking at. Okay. Thank you.
Conor Flynn: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks, guys. Quick, I guess, a follow up question in terms of cap rates. I understand saying, there’s big institutional portfolio from Bentall Kennedy. I think it’s just trading or about to trade $800 million price tag, sub-5.5 cap rates from market sources. As you look at, obviously, Weingarten you’re buying at a higher cap rates. Do you think there’s -- the disconnect between private and public real estate, can you maybe give some comments on that? Also what kind of implied cap rates are you valuing The Rim transaction at and maybe, you mentioned something else about JVs. Obviously, your JV assets better than others. As you look forward, is there an opportunity to buy out JV stakes in your portfolio and for that matter in the Weingarten portfolio, which has I think something like 39 or 31 or somewhere in that neighborhood of JV assets? And if you can comment on that and do you have provisions in there, whether you have to right-of-first-offer in your JVs typically?
Ross Cooper: Sure. Happy to address some of that and I’m going to kind of keep it at a high level rather than comment directly on the Weingarten specific questions. But there’s no doubt that we think that there’s still a disconnect between public and private pricing. When we look at NAVs of ourselves and some other peers versus like you said, some of the transactions that are happening in the low 5s and we’re also starting to see them dipping into the high 4s, there is still very much a spread between those two. But the BentallGreenOak portfolio, very high quality, grocery-anchored products and was not surprising to see a very strong demand and many bidders and multiple rounds of bidding, before that deal was ultimately awarded and I think we’re going to continue to see more of that. In terms of partnership buyouts, I mean, that is something that, we have taken advantage of in the past. Oftentimes, it’s difficult to model or forecast or predict when those opportunities present themselves, all of our partners have different investment horizons and reasons for why they may look to exit. But we do stay ready. We stay in very close communication with our partners and we have a pretty good sense as to when they may look to exit or what might trigger that. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we do think that there’s going to be some of that in the relatively near future. And as it relates to our ability to have sort of a right-of-first-offer, right-of-first-refusal, there’s no doubt that for these assets that we’re managing and that we’re operating day in and day out, we are the logical buyer, we can move quicker than any other third-party can, given the fact that we know the assets inside and out. So typically, it’s a win-win, if it’s an asset that we view as a long-term hold. And for one reason or another, our partners looking to exit, it’s a great chance for us to buy out the remainder and for our partners to have a very smooth and quick execution. So, again, we’ll see more of that as time goes on over the next year or so.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks. Thanks, Ross. Maybe -- do you see anything imminent happening in any of these potentially in your JVs over the next 12 months?
Ross Cooper: I think that’s very possible.
Floris Van Dijkum: All right. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yeah. Hi. Just a quick one on guidance, so it looks like ex the Weingarten charge, the midpoint of guidance went up around $0.08. I’m assuming about $0.02 of that is tied to the prior period collections. But can you walk through the major components of that increase?
Glenn Cohen: Sure, Mike. The bulk of it really is coming from just the improvement in credit loss. That’s really the driver. So we had credit loss built in, in our guidance over long credit loss in total including the impact on straight line rents for the quarter was about $800,000 versus what we had been budgeted. So the bulk of it really is coming from credit loss improvement. That’s the driver.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Good morning, everybody. Hey. Just two follow up questions. Glenn, just going back to the guidance as it relates to the bad debt number you have provided earlier, over a range of $5 million to $20 million for the back half of the year. Are there any offsets to that meaning like prior period rent or deferral payments that are included in that sort of that offset that number, is that a gross number?
Glenn Cohen: No. It’s all built into that, Chris? We’ve been, as we mentioned, we collected $7 million of rents from prior periods. But also during the current quarter, there are cash basis tenants that didn’t pay. So that, as I mentioned, we collected 77% from the cash basis tenants, of the 23% was not collected, so we’ll have to see how that goes during the third and fourth quarters. But the expectation in guidance is that at the high end of our range, we would incur a total of about $5 million of credit loss and towards the lower end of the range, it could be as much as $20 million. But again, based on where things are headed today, we feel more comfortable towards the upper end of the range.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then just on the move from cash to accrual, the straight line impact that was mentioned earlier is a possible tailwind? Is that -- do you have an assumption built in on that as it relates to your guidance as well?
Glenn Cohen: That, no, we really haven’t, because we haven’t...
Chris Lucas: Okay.
Glenn Cohen: Today we really don’t know exactly who we’re going to move in when we’re going to move them. So we had not built that in. So should we start moving some in, in this straight line, there would be some uplift from straight line rent.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then last question for me, Conor, you’ve talked about the tenant demand. And I guess I’m just trying to think through this whole process of how much insight you have, how much sort of visibility you have in terms of demand, given that, I’m assuming that, retailers are making their open to buys this year for store openings in 2023, 2024 and given what you’re hearing from them. What’s your confidence level that this demand remains as strong as it has been so far first half of 2021?
Conor Flynn: Yeah. That’s right, Chris. We have -- since we’ve been virtual for most of this pandemic, we’ve been able to do more virtual portfolio reviews and talk with more tenants on the regular on expansion plans and looking for space throughout the portfolio. One thing -- you’re right about the cadence there, but one thing we’ve found is that, many of our retailers that are well capitalized have actually come to us, and say, hey, we actually need a few more deals for this year or we need. So there’s actually a bit of that going on as well. So it’s broad based, which I like to see. Clearly, grocery is continues to expand and is quite hot. But then you’ve got the other categories that we’d like to see that compliment the cross shopping, which typically is led by off price and then you’ve got the home improvement, home goods section continues to be very, very strong and it goes on from there. And the interesting part, I think, is the pent-up demand for probably the most impacted categories that we’re seeing. So the entertainment, the fitness and the restaurant side of it have really come back strong, faster than we anticipated and we think that that bodes well for the recovery of those sectors. And obviously, we’re not out of the woods yet, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and we want to be careful about how we talk about the future, because we still got the Delta variant that’s causing a lot of issues. But we have a playbook now. We have the Kimco branded curbside pickup program that’s on the entire portfolio. And we have a battle tested team that I think can really manage through this. And the customer is more aware of how to go about utilizing last mile retail in more ways than one. So I think our portfolio is well positioned to weather these, whatever storm comes our way.
Chris Lucas: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Good morning. Based on your earlier comments seems like there’s a pull-forward of demand for core assets, given the validation of necessity based in grocery-anchored retail and then still low interest rates. How does that impact your view on potentially increasing disposition activity in this favorable environment?
Ross Cooper: It doesn’t really move the needle for us in that regard. We look at the portfolio every day, every week. We look at where there’s risk, where there’s opportunity, where there’s concern, where demographics may be shifting and that’s really what motivates our decisions. The good news is that, we’ve done a tremendous amount of heavy lifts over the last five years to seven years to put the portfolio in the position that it’s in. And when you look at the numbers that we were able to put out this quarter, I think, it speaks to the fact that the portfolio is in very good shape, it’s performing well and will continue to prune here and there where we see specific assets that don’t necessarily make sense from a long-term bold scenario. But when we think of it from a macro level, it doesn’t move our decision making and feeling very confident in the portfolio that we deliver.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. Linda, I would just add that, it’s been -- we’re in a very fortunate position, right? We’ve gone through a massive transformation of the portfolio. We’ve de risked the portfolio. We’ve really -- now we’re at a, I think, a sweet spot where we can look and see across the portfolio that where -- what sites are flattish in terms of growth and use those for recycling capital. And it’s -- they’re not necessarily low quality, because some of those might be single tenant type ground leases or some of those might be assets that we’ve squeezed all the juice out of. But we’re in a very fortunate position to be where we are, as our disposition strategy can be used for incremental growth.
Linda Tsai: Thanks for that. And then when you think about last mile distribution, seems like most resale -- most retailers start with making changes within the four walls of their existing boxes to accommodate on site fulfillment. That said, are you seeing more instances of retailers making physical changes to existing boxes vis-à-vis physical expansions?
Ross Cooper: Yeah. It’s either expansion or modification of utilizing the square footage within the four walls. Some examples are those that create a pickup point, obviously, in front of the store. We’ve all seen it. If you go to a restaurant, shop or otherwise, they’ve just -- a couple shelves that to do the curbside pickup or just the walk in and pickup, but on the back of -- back a house with some of the bigger formats, they repurpose some of their back a house for distribution of fulfillment, while others are still doing pick and pack within the stores. So, again, each retailer is trying to do what’s best for them based on how they logistically are set up. And I think we’ll just continue to see this trend evolve, later on technology and the efficiencies there to manage stocking and inventory levels. It’s going to be, I think, a hyper efficient system as we progress through the coming years.
Conor Flynn: We’re starting to see some tenants and this is early, but starting to see them use adjacent space for almost like sortation centers. So that’s an incremental net new demand factor and we’re watching that closely to see if that’s going to have an impact and hopefully it’s a new demand source for us.
Linda Tsai: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Dave Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
Dave Bujnicki: I just want to thank everybody that participated on the call. We hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Take care.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Kimco's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead, sir.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's first quarter earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; David Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. It is important to note that we will need to this call focused on Kimco's first quarter earnings results and outlook as a standalone company. With more information forthcoming when the merger of proxy statement is filed with the SEC. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking. And it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. Also, in the event our call was to incur technical difficulties, we'll try to resolve as quickly as possible. And if the need arises, we'll post additional information to our IR website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. Today, I will focus my remarks on our leasing results. The supply and demand dynamics surrounding those results and the exciting strategic direction we are taking the organization. Ross will cover the transaction market and Glenn will cover the quarterly numbers and our updated guidance. 2021 is off to a refreshing and good start with robust demand for space in our last mile open-air, grocery-anchored portfolio coming from both well capitalized omni channel tenants seeking more market share as well as from smaller businesses that have regrouped and are prepared to reinvest in their business model. The largest leasing demand categories include restaurants, personal care, fitness and dollar stores. We also see healthy activity and have consummated multiple leases with grocery stores, off price and pet supply retailers. Our leasing volume continues to build from the record setting trend last quarter. Our new lease count was 121 totaling 586,000 square feet. This exceeds both last quarter and the prior year quarters. Of particular note, the 586,000 square feet of volume surpassed our five-year first quarter average for new lease GLA of 506,000 square feet and new lease spreads finished at a positive 8.2% pro-rate. We closed the quarter with 237 renewals and options totaling 2.2 million square feet with GLA exceeding the quarter sequentially and the prior year quarter. Renewals and auction spreads finished at 6.4% pro-rate. These spreads continue to reflect the recovery underway and the pricing power inherent in the quality of our portfolio. Conversely, our ability to have withstood the impact of the pandemic reflects the defensive nature and strength of our recurring cash flows. From a supply and demand perspective, the reality is that due to the speed of the recovery, pandemic induced vacancies were short lived. With limited new supply, market rents never adjusted down in any meaningful way. So when the demand snaps back, we generated positive spreads. While our occupancy dips slightly from year end to 93.5%, it strengthened as we move through the quarter. It is our intent to continue expanding occupancy and we are encouraged by multiple demand factors playing to the strengths of our last mile locations. Our job is clear, focus on the blocking and tackling of leasing; work with best-in-class retailers, enhance the merchandising mix and let the numbers speak for themselves as we've strengthened the resiliency of our cash flows. Our first, second and third priorities are leasing, leasing, leasing, and we continue to believe we are in the early innings of this reopening and recovery. In addition to leasing, we are prioritizing our smaller redevelopments and average double digit returns to create an additional organic growth drive. Long term, we believe our entitlement program will continue to create shareholder value as we unlock the highest and best use of our real estate. The pandemic has both validated and strengthened our conviction in our strategic vision to concentrate our open-air, grocery-anchored and mixed use portfolio in the top MSAs across the country. Tenants no longer look at the last mile stores simply a retail destination. Rather its value to retailers is now viewed holistically, providing distribution, fulfillment and retail. In valuing a location retailers assess their ability to integrate e-commerce and bricks-and-mortar to give the customer what they demand. Convenience, value, and a fulfilling experience continue to point to the last mile shopping center as mission critical for both consumers and retailers. Our platform is well positioned for growth, and with that growth will come further debt reduction and other benefits of scale. We are enthused about the opportunities ahead, yet recognize the challenges involved. We remain committed to prioritizing ESG initiatives and supporting our tenants and local communities as we continue to navigate the pandemic and beyond. I'd also like to touch on the exciting recent news regarding our highly strategic merger with Weingarten, a transaction that we expect to unlock considerable value in some of the highest growth markets in the country. By coming together, we will be the nation's preeminent open-air, grocery-anchored shopping center and mixed-use real estate platform. With our focus on these last mile locations and increase scale in our targeted high growth Sunbelt markets, this transaction will significantly strengthen and enhance our portfolio quality, to further gain market share and to make Kimco even more valuable to all of our tenants. In closing, Kimco's open-air and grocery-anchored portfolio, diverse tenant mix, targeted geographic presence in the strongest growth markets in the country and improving balance sheet provide us with a long runway for growth as we move ahead. Needless to say the entire organization is generally energized by our efforts to build shareholder value. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor and good morning. What a difference a quarter makes. With continued recovery from the pandemic, vaccination rollout and reduced capacity restrictions across the country, we have seen optimism buildings from retailers, consumers and real estate investors at the highest level since the pandemic began almost 14 months ago. Specific to the transaction, industry volume while still off nearly 40% in the first quarter of 2021 compared to 2020 has seen a meaningful uptick on the back half of 2020. The conviction and the stability of property rent rolls, and by extension cash flows has grown beyond only the essential retailers and now includes other categories that were much less clear previously. There is no doubt the grocery anchored shopping center is still the most in demand category of retail and continues to command the most aggressive pricing and lowest cap rates. Furthermore, open-air is valued at an even higher premium. Recent transactions with more specialty and lifestyle components, in addition to traditional power centers have given transparency to the value and stability that our approach provides. Multiple grocery anchor deals have transacted at sub 6% cap rates in Dallas, South Florida, California, Philadelphia, and Seattle to name a few. There are also no signs of investor demand waning for that product site. We anticipate bidding to become even more aggressive as the spread of cap rates and interest rate remains wide for our asset class, particularly when compared to industrial, multifamily, self-storage and others. More recently, aggressive bidding extending beyond the bread-and-butter neighborhood product is starting to emerge. Two recent deals that have a grocery store, but also a significant restaurant and entertainment component saw bidding wars with multiple rounds of offers and pricing well beyond initial expectations. These properties located in Dallas and Denver, have the mix of grocery traffic, restaurants and entertainment, last mile infill locations and future densification opportunities that investors are excited about. On the financing side, and equally important observation is the reemergence of the traditional lender in the space. While the down the fairway grocery anchored assets have been financeable throughout the pandemic, lenders were requiring significant holdbacks and structure around deals with perceived risk. As positive trends continue to emerge that is having direct impact on the transaction market with more deals getting across the finish line at superior pricing and terms. With renewed optimism and conviction comes a vibrant transactions market in which we will remain a disciplined player and we expect to see deal velocity continue to accelerate, which is a great sign for the continued recovery of our industry. Now on to Glenn for the financial results for the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross and good morning. The positive results we drove in the fourth quarter last year continued into the first quarter of 2021. With the backdrop of an improving economy and strong leasing velocity, our solid performance was highlighted by improved rent collections and lower credit loss relative to the fourth quarter last year. Our balance sheet metrics also strengthened, we continue to benefit from all the capital markets activity, we undertook the past 24 months to enhance our financial structure. After some details on first quarter results, NAREIT FFO was $144.3 million was $0.33 per diluted share for the first quarter 2021 as compared to $160.5 million, or $0.37 per diluted share for the first quarter of the prior year. The reduction was mainly driven by lower pro-rata NOI of $13.6 million due to COVID related renovate and credit loss, as well as the impact of lower occupancy on net recovery income, below market rent recaptures and straight-line rent. These NOI reductions were offset by a $5.5 million one-time benefit from lease terminations. Also impacting NAREIT AFFO was $5.4 million of higher G&A and interest expense due to lower capitalization from development and redevelopment projects that have been placed in service. Our operating portfolio is continuing to perform effectively. All our shopping centers are open and over 98% of tenants are operating with the strong leasing velocity as Conor discussed, our lease per economic spread has increased to 230 basis points, representing a total of $27 million of pro-rate ABR which is an excellent indicator of future cash flow growth, as expected same site NOI decreased 5.7% for the first quarter, as it is comping against a largely pre-COVID first quarter in 2020. It also marked significant progress from the prior sequential quarter, which was down 10.5%. The improvement was mainly attributable to lower credit loss. We collected 94% of pro-rata base rents billed during the first quarter 2021, up from 92% for the fourth quarter last year. Our cash basis tenants represent 8.9% of ABR, and we collected 70% from these tenants during the first quarter. In addition, our deferred rent payments had been strong as we collected 84% of deferred rents billed for the first quarter, with $34.1 million of deferred rent remaining to be billed. Turning to the balance sheet, our metrics continue to improve and our liquidity position is in excellent shape. At the end of the first quarter, consolidated net debt to EBITDA was 6.7x and on a look through basis, including pro-rata share of JV debt, and preferred stock outstanding, the level was 7.4x. This represents further progress from the year end 2020 levels of 7.1x for consolidated net debt to EBITDA and 7.9x on a look through basis. In addition, Moody's has affirmed our BAA1 unsecured debt rating with a stable outlook. From a liquidity standpoint, we ended the first quarter with over $250 million of cash and the full availability on our $2 billion revolving credit facility. In addition, our Albertsons and marketable security investment is valued at over $760 million. Our debt maturities remain minimal, as we have only $125 million of consolidated mortgages maturing this year, which will be repaid in the second quarter. As a result, we will be unencumbered an additional 23 properties. Our weighted average debt maturity profile stands at 10.7 years, one of the longest in the entire retail industry. Based on the first quarter results and expectations for the remainder of the year, that includes same site NOI turning positive in the second quarter, along with further improvement in credit loss during the second half of the year, we are raising our NAREIT FFO per share guidance range to $1.22 to $1.26, from $1.18 to $1.24 previously. As a reminder, our increased guidance ranges on a standalone basis and does not incorporate any impact from the pending merger with Weingarten. In addition, the guidance range assumes no transactional income or expense and no monetization of our Albertsons investments. And with that, we are ready to take your questions.
David Bujnicki: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to offer a reminder that this call will focus on our first quarter results, and request that you can find your questions and comments to these results, and not the announced merger with Weingarten. To maintain an efficient Q&A session, you may ask a question with an additional follow up. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Operator, you may take our first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Rich Hill from Morgan Stanley.
RichardHill: Hey, Glenn, thanks for the disclosure in the prepared remarks. I just wanted to make sure I was clear on the percent of rent collections. So the cash base tenants I know it's 8.9% of ABR, you collected 70% of those tenants. Is there any way you could tell us what same store NOI would be x those collections, just so we can get a better sense of the core portfolio?
GlennCohen: So just going back a little bit, the cash basis tenants, there was about $7 million collected that related to a prior period from last year. So those came in during the first quarter. So if you added - if you didn't have those that would have an impact on same site of about 320 basis points.
RichardHill: Got it. That's really helpful. I appreciate that. Just a quick, maybe nuanced question, but I think it's important. Could you maybe walk us through what percent of tenants are in bankruptcy? And then what percent of rent you collected on those bankruptcy tenants?
KathleenThayer: Hey, Richard, Kathleen, and I can actually help you out with that one. So if you recall, in the end of 2020, several of our tenants actually emerged from bankruptcy. So we ended the year at about 70 basis points of our ABR being related to being tenants. And actually as of Q1, it's down to 20 basis points. So it's a small portion of what we have in our ABR at this point.
RichardHill: Got it. Hey, Dave, is that one question or two questions? Can I ask one more?
DavidBujnicki: You got one more, as in like the follow up.
RichardHill: Just a quick question on the 2025 outlook, in the same store NOI. I guess the question I would have is why can't you grow faster than the plus 2% that you referenced, would seem like given the tailwind to the retail sector maybe some of the e-commerce trends that are emerging. Seems like maybe you could grow above inflation. So any context there would be a little bit helpful.
ConorFlynn: Hey, Rich, it's Conor. We definitely think that that's an achievable goal in the near term. But again, this is a long-term goal. So the way we look at it is there's obviously going to be an uptick in terms of same site NOI through this pandemic fueled recovery. And then as you noticed, we did put 2.5% plus. So our goal is to beat that metric. We clearly see a lot of levers for growth, as we outlined in the call in the remarks. And our job is to beat that number. And obviously, we think we were in a good spot to do that in the near term.
Operator: The next question comes from Katy McConnell from Citi.
ChrisMcCurry: Hey, this is Chris McCurry on with Katy, just on the grocery leasing front, how sustainable do you view this elevated level of grocery demand if there's more pent-up consumer demand to return to say restaurants or other venues post pandemic?
DavidJamieson: Yes, hey, this is Dave Jamieson. Right now we're seeing now obviously very strong demand. And we anticipate that this some level of demand will sustain longer term, I think what you're seeing is people starting to adapt and innovate to what the consumer needs and proximity to the end customer is critical. So that last mile distribution element, we don't really see changing in the future, yes, there will be a reversion of some sort of new normal where people will start to go back to restaurants and some of those dollars spent will be diverted to that category. But when you listen to some of the grocers, public companies that are making observing how their customers reacting and responding as a new normal start to take hold, they are still seeing it that net gain to market share and shopping at home. And I think people have adapted to not only going in store but obviously utilization of omni channel vehicles for accessing those groceries. So when you throw that all together, we still see the demand drivers being very strong and based on where we're located in those, first ring suburbs where there's been a lot of net migration out, through the pandemic, starting to take hold, we still see the demand being strong in the future.
ConorFlynn: Yes, the only thing I would add to that is it's great to have a diversity of demand that's not sort of pigeon holed one square footage category. So grocers right now spread, from the bigger boxes, to the junior boxes, to even the mid-sized boxes of like 10,000 to 12,000 square feet with Trader Joe's and others. So it's really remarkable to have a growth driver that spans all the major categories in terms of square footage needs, which is really I think, again, why we're so confident that we can continue to drive that driver for us.
ChrisMcCurry: Yes, got it helpful color. And a quick follow up. Could you comment on your strategy around some of the Albertsons investments just comment on some of the locker provisions and maybe your intentions to monetize that investment?
GlennCohen: Sure, it's Glenn. So as it relates to Albertsons, the lockup burns off 25% each six months. So the first 25% did burn off at the end of December, the next 25% would happen at the end of June. There still are other requirements related to our partners around it. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're not anticipating monetizing anything in Albertsons this year. As we've talked about, we do see real opportunity in 2022 to start monetizing it, and using it towards debt reduction or redemption of our perpetual preferred that become callable in 2022. Got it?
Operator: The next question comes from Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank.
DerekJohnston: Hi, everybody. Good morning and thanks. On private markets, Ross, can you discuss how pricing and cap rates are holding up in the northeast versus the Sunbelt, or the markets you mentioned in Dallas and Denver, or South Florida? And look, guys, I'm not asking for updated disposition guidance, right. But given the merger, there are likely some non-core dispose that you may be able to take advantage of. So any enhanced color by geography would be helpful.
RossCooper: Sure, happy to respond to that, we are seeing robust demand across the country. I mean, there's no doubt that there's significant demand in the Sunbelt, other parts of the country that have been open, more so than others throughout this pandemic. But when you look at the essential base retailers throughout the country, they have been operating and doing well throughout. So we are still seeing a significant amount of demand in the northeast, whether it be the New York suburbs, Boston, Philadelphia, et cetera. And when you think about the migration and demographics, obviously, there are a lot of headlines about the Sunbelt in Florida and the Carolinas and Texas. So you're also seeing it here in the New York metro area, where we're based, is that a lot of people that are leaving the cities here are moving to the suburbs in Long Island, Westchester, Connecticut, et cetera. So there is an uptick still happening in those suburbs. And we think that there's something to take advantage of there. And investors are certainly doing that. As it relates to future dispositions for us, we'll continue to look at our portfolio, we think that we're in great shape; we do have some non-income producing land parcels that you'll continue to see us chip away at. But again, when we think about the lift that we've done over the last five to seven years, and where the portfolio stands today, we feel very good about those markets, those opportunities that we have, and the go forward portfolio that we will be operating.
DerekJohnston: Okay, great. So given the pandemic, washed out a lot of weaker retailers. How does your watch list stand today as we hopefully move past the pandemic? And are elevated bankruptcies possibly in the rearview mirror at least for a while?
DavidJamieson: Yes, this is Dave. In terms of a watch list, it did obviously the categories are most greatly affected through the pandemic, the theaters, the fitness et cetera. We continue to watch and they stay there, there hasn't been much changed beyond that. Obviously, Q1 was always a muted bankruptcy season historically, that's usually where it's a bit elevated. And when you look at those that went into bankruptcy in 2020, a lot of those reemerged with better balance sheets. They're able to recapitalize come out, trim their portfolios and start to take advantage of some of this reopening trade. Now we'll continue to closely watch and monitor the health of all of our tenants really looking, two years out, as we start to get to a new normal and stabilize. And this surplus cash as some did receive throughout the pandemic; it's more a matter of where they made those investments. And the operators that really started to innovate through this and stay ahead of the curve, what the expectations are for consumers. That's what we're really going to start to watch very closely. And you'll start to see, sort of who the winners and losers are downstream, more so than they are today.
ConorFlynn: The only thing I would add to that is, clearly some of the tenants that reorganized have not necessarily gotten their footing underneath them quite yet. They are still maybe in those categories that have capacity constraints. So we're watching that closely, as they obviously have done a debt for equity swap, but there are still some opportunities I think there for us to upgrade tenancy in the long term and we're watching those tenants closely.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb - Piper Sandler.
AlexanderGoldfarb: Hey, good morning. So, hey, sorry about that. So two questions here. First, on the ESG front and I'm not just talking like solar panels on roofs. But it would seem like shopping centers are really well positioned on the ESG front, not only they're supporting local economies, small business, et cetera. But also just from the benefit of centralized procurement, right, people drive to the shopping center; they can return items rather than throwing them out. You don't have individual boxes; you don't have individual trucks driving in neighborhoods. What are you guys thinking around this, either individually or collectively as an industry to really showcase the benefits that physical retail has in promoting ESG?
DavidJamieson: Yes, so it's a great question. And an idea to take into consideration all the different constituents that go into making up the shopping center, it's obviously the end shopper, the customer, the retailers and ourselves as landlord. For us, as a landlord, we've always looked at ourselves as the conduit to bring all these retailers to the customer and vice versa, and try to find ways in which we can service everyone, collectively. So when you think of curbside, what we did in 2020, the intent there was to build a program and infrastructure that was agnostic to the retail so that everyone can take advantage of it to avoid having, a separate approach for each individual retailer that we saw as being very successful. That said every retailer has their own defined strategy and what they're trying to solve for their own unique problems. And they do become challenges when you try to consolidate them all into one central vision. And that's our job is to continue working with each of these retail partners to find the best way forward. And as we look to continue to innovate within our common areas, and the way we work with our retailers, our goal is to try to find those uniform strategies that do work for all or at least offer that 80%. And then with the customer, obviously, the closest we are to the home, as you mentioned, it does provide that opportunity for them to return or to revisit and to cut down the travel time and the shipping costs. Obviously, we see that as a clear advantage for retailers with buy online pick up in store, more and more retailers are taking advantage of that today. But this is going to be an evolving process. I think the pandemic did accelerate some of those trends i.e. with curbside that helped pull it forward a couple years, something that we've been talking about for a while. But it's our job to continue to stay on top of that and to innovate where we can to provide those two services.
AlexanderGoldfarb: Yes, but it would just seem like you guys have a benefit, especially as more investor funds have ESG mandates to really showcase the true impact rather than just - not to say cursory things like solar panels, I would just say there's a lot of untapped data that you guys can provide to the investment community to really highlight the benefits for [Indiscernible]
ConorFlynn: We agree, we agree by the way, the only thing I would add is I think we're going to coordinate with ICSC and others to it's, I think the voices louder when we can combine all of our efforts. And so I think there are a lot of public and private landlords that can come together. And we can help facilitate that to really make that point because I agree with you, Alex. The other piece of it I was just going to mention is ESG clearly is a benefit to our entitlement program. Because Kimco has been so focused on this for decades, when we come into a community and showcase that we're in for the long term, and that we want to work alongside the community to make sure that the asset or the downtown that we're providing evolves alongside the community, we can showcase our ESG initiatives and all the accomplishments that we've been making to give ourselves the opportunity to partner with those folks. And it really does help when we look to try and focus on entitlements and how to unlock the highest and best use for real estate.
AlexanderGoldfarb: Okay, the second question is just on rent collections. Almost all your categories are really rebounded. But fitness, personal services and restaurants are still lagging. Your restaurants are doing quite well actually. But still, it looks like there's some more room to go, is your view by sort of end of summer that really fitness and personal services will have fully rebounded to be something north of call it 85%? Or are there some issues that you can see that are going to hinder the recovery of those two categories?
ConorFlynn: I think the biggest hold back is the capacity, right? I mean, despite there have been some great success stories in parts of the country where capacity levels have increased substantially. There are other parts of the country that are still a little bit behind. And they're just trying to manage through the spikes of Coronavirus at a local level. So we envision as those capacity constraints continue to get lifted more broadly across the rest of the country that will clearly be a big boost and a tailwind for those other service categories that are - that have been hindered by that. And the summer should show quite well for that hopefully. There's also been with those operators of fitness, there are a number of operators that haven't reopened or won't plan to reopen. So when you think of the supply levels coming down a little bit, we do anticipate the demand side to build people wanting to get out of their at-home gym or the garage, wherever they've been working out for the year and wanting to get back into some sort of facility where there is some social engagement and community. So that should help as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt from Bank of America.
CraigSchmidt: Thank you. I'm wondering, and this may be for Ross. Where do you see class A grocery anchored shopping center cap rates? And how does that compare to the pre COVID level?
RossCooper: Yes, I mean, it continued to be extremely aggressive. And frankly, compared to pre COVID in many cases, the cap rates are even lower and more aggressive. We've seen lots of different examples in the low fives in some cases, sub 5%. And a lot of that just has to do with some of the other dynamics of the demographics, obviously, which tenant is the anchor grocer there, what the lease looks like, where the rents are compared to market and frankly, how much term is left where you can actually look at recasting that lease and pushing rents a little bit. But as you've seen from the collections, there's a lot of conviction in the rent roll outside of just the grocer, the small shops and some of the other ancillary tenants are coming back in a big way. So when you see the stability in the rent rolls, you see the stability in the cash flow, and still a very healthy spread from interest rates to cap rate, there's more and more conviction in our space today than what we've seen in a very long time.
CraigSchmidt: Yes, my sense is just the resiliency the format showed during COVID increase its appetite to investors, and with so much capital on the sidelines. That seems like cap rates could in fact be lower.
RossCooper: Yes, and it's not just your typical investors that we've seen in years past, we're seeing a lot of buyers and bidders today that have historically been buying in other asset classes, that they're just sick of getting priced out or getting the cap rates compressed so low that there's not enough spread, and they see the risk adjusted return in our space.
CraigSchmidt: Great. And then just maybe for David, I know you've been touching on this a bit, but which tenants are not participating in this reopening period?
DavidJamieson: Well, [Indiscernible] not participating, meaning they're still remains closed.
CraigSchmidt: Yes, well, not only that, but that they don't want to open I mean we were hearing the FOMO in the restaurant category, though, that obviously had a rough time during COVID. But I'm just wondering if there are categories where there are people on the sidelines. I know that Conor mentioned, some people are still, through some reorganization trying to get their feet on the ground, but I'm just not every categorize I assume is participating equally in the reopening period. And I just wonder if you had some insight into which ones aren't.
DavidJamieson: Sure, no, all the industry sectors are reopening at some capacity. It's an even with some of the big flags they're focused on trying to get as many stores open as possible or fitness or theater locations. AMC is effectively all open, where there are constraints, it's either on a one-off basis, individual basis where, some locales and municipalities are inhibiting that or rolling back restrictions again. Or it's kind of on a one-off basis. But generally speaking, I think the reopening trade is starting to accelerate, as the vaccine distribution does pick up. So from an industry standpoint, we are seeing reopenings, across the board.
ConorFlynn: Craig, the only one that I can think of that's probably tied a little bit too, going back to work is the dry cleaners, they obviously got hit very hard as people are, we're working from home, and they might be beneficiaries of going back to work in the summer when offices reopen.
Operator: The next question comes from Juan Sanabria from BMO Capital Markets.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hi, this is Lily [Indiscernible] on for Juan Sanabria. Good morning, guys. I just have a question on inflation. Do you have any focus on leasing discussions to put the company in a better position should inflation accelerate from here? Do you plan to change release breakdown what fixed versus CPI based?
ConorFlynn: We continue to work on a percentage - percent increase basis versus a fixed dollar amount increased. So typically with those percent increases in base rent that tends to trend while with inflation.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Thank you. Just a quick follow up. I think you mentioned payments this quarter were partially offset by some changes in reserves. Could you please recall these pieces? What's the amount reserved in a period7?
KathleenThayer: Sure. So during the quarter, we recognized $8.9 million in abatements and about half of that was related to prior periods for which there was a significant reserve on those abatements.
Operator: The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs.
CaitlinBurrows: Hi, good morning. Sorry if I miss this. But I was wondering if you could give some color on your outlook for occupancy over the course of the year on the anchor and small shop side? I guess, given the leasing that you've done the current watch list and upcoming maturities, lease maturities? Do you think occupancy may have dropped? Or do you think there's still more downside risk?
ConorFlynn: Yes, that's a great question. So we've been messaging previously that, we anticipate Q2 most likely to be the trough of occupancy for '21. we continue to make great progress and headway with our lease philosophy, obviously, in Q1 and we started to see a net benefit of gaining back some of the dip towards the end of Q1, which was encouraging, we do have Dania that's going to be placed into service and occupancy in Q2, so that is going to have a bit of an impact. But on the flip side, it also will start to expand our leased economic occupancy. So it will help continue to fuel cash flow growth, through the back half of '21 and into '22. So we're continuing to be encouraged by the momentum that we're seeing on the lease side, and hope to see it start to level out shortly.
CaitlinBurrows: Okay, and then separately, but kind of related, Dania Pointe and the Boulevard are obviously two large developments that you guys were working on for a while, and they should be ramping up NOI. So just wondering if you could give some detail on the amount of NOI currently being recognized by these properties versus what's still to come and kind of over what timeframe, we should expect that to happen.
ConorFlynn: The NOI you'll see the start ramp up towards the second half of 2021. And for the Boulevard, it should stabilize towards the end of '22. Dania, I would say you also probably towards the end of '22. You'll have stabilization of phases two and three.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from Truist.
KiKim: Thank you. Good morning. Can you just talk a little bit more about the 2.8 million square feet of leases that you signed this quarter? I am curious how much of this is truly additive versus some shuffling of tenants around spaces or simply releasing space that might be currently occupied, but maybe set to expire. And if you can help us understand what type of tenants are actually driving this activity and credit quality as it compares to like a pre COVID environment?
ConorFlynn: Sure, yes. So we did 121 new lease deals. So that's five, just roughly about 570,000 square feet of GLA. So that's all the net new add on the leasing side. And when you think of, the type of credit or tenants, it's the offer guys are obviously very aggressive. We did sign a few grocery deals as well. Byblos been very active Ulta, small shops side, restaurant operators are actually starting to come back, franchisees, for example, seeing the opportunity of restaurants that are closed through the pandemic, these are fully fixed rate units ready to go with a bit of capital and a bit of love to get them back open, you can do it relatively quickly. So what we're seeing is a lot of people anticipating the reopening trade, the stimulus funding, flowing through the economy and wanting to be prepared in a position to take advantage of that. And that's where we're seeing a lot of the great demand through our leasing.
KiKim: Hi, it's still tough to recap that. Is there much reshuffling of tenant spaces that makes us way into leasing activities in general?
ConorFlynn: There's always some movement, it depends on - it's situational. A lot of times in nature, the prototype of retail tenants does change, some are expanding their footprint, and others are contracting their footprint. And so if there's another opportunity within the center to create a better mousetrap for them, and then subsequently, you have an opportunity to backfill that space at a higher rents and net-net, there's a net positive to the cash flows for the center, you'll always want to consider that. Because you want to make sure that that merchandising mix is fresh and relevant to the market. But I wouldn't say that any anything that's new or different than what's normal course of business.
KiKim: Got you. And then, just to follow up on the Dania point question, the leasing stat didn't change much. I know it's just one quarter and I don't want to be so myopic in this question, but just curious if you can talk about the demand, you're seeing and expectations for lease up.
ConorFlynn: Sure, yes, no. The demand is really starting to build back as we're looking through '21 here, we did have Urban Air that did open in March and they exceeded their plan on the opening, which was excellent. And we do have the hotel operators, the two Marriott flags that we'll be opening summer of this year. And then we're continuing to see active construction on a handful of new tenants as well. Regal starting to open this fall and take advantage of the blockbusters that are scheduled to be distributed into theaters for the holiday season this year. And we anticipate that to be a big draw. And then on the new lease activity, it's really started to ramp so that's encouraging. We did sign American Eagle Outfitters to take one of the other anchor spaces along Main Street. And that will be a great compliment and add to what Urban and Ulta are currently doing.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris van Dijkum from Compass Point.
FlorisDijkum: Thanks for taking my question, guys. If you could, I'm interested in obviously, you can't talk about the Weingarten thing. So I'm going to ask you some questions on the leasing. I noticed you had $5.3 million of lease term, which is $5 million, approximately $5 million more than it was last year. Maybe if you can give some color on that, what that represents and then maybe also talk about some of the regional differences perhaps.
ConorFlynn: Just wanted to clarify the first question, the $5.3 million. Can you just sort of restate that trying to understand?
FlorisDijkum: Yes, so you recognize $5.3 million of lease term fee this past quarter. Last year I think it was $400,000. So you had basically a $5 million increase in lease, if you give some more color on that, what that represents or is that obviously, presumably, it's not - that's not a sustainable number, but just to get, what drove that large increase and then maybe talk about some of the other regional differences in that lease term fee that you saw.
ConorFlynn: Sure. Yes. So I'm so sorry that the lease termination agreements, the LTA, yes portion of those were related to the tenants that wanted to vacate early and so we're able to structure arrangements are opportunistic to free them of their liabilities while getting the net benefit from LTA. And we had the opportunity to backfill with other grocers for those spaces. So again, when you look at the net add, it made a whole lot of sense to proceed with those deal structures to take advantage of it. They are one-time events, which is why we want to make sure to call them out. And those do happen periodically, throughout the course of our business, we just happen to be that we had, a few opportunities that hit all at once in Q1. But when you look at those, it's always about, what is the opportunity to backfill? How does that complement what you're already trying to do with the strategy of the site, and you want to be opportunistic at those times to take advantage of it? And in terms of regional, it's not really regional in nature, it's situational. Just depending on the center, it could vary region to region, quarter-over-quarter if they do exist.
DavidJamieson: Yes, Floris, just to give a little more color on that we did have a Lucky's grocery store, which was a ground base, backed by Kroger credit. Kroger decided not to move forward with the Lucky's banner. And so what we did have was a lease termination agreement with Kroger to determinate the ground lease with us, which was in that number. And we were able to backfill that space with the sprouts grocery store that Dania, actually, so it was a net win for us there.
ConorFlynn: Floris, this is Nikki, I'd also remind you that, as you pointed out, the LTAs are purely transactional. And so by no means would this first quarter be reflective of a road rage just as you saw that the prior period was much less.
FlorisDijkum: Thanks guys. I guess my follow up question here is in regards to leasing costs and leasing costs appear to be pretty stable. Maybe if you can comment on what you're seeing, and what you expect is going to happen to leasing costs going forward, as leasing demand potentially builds, are those going to trend up, down in your view, and maybe if you can give us some more color on that, that'd be great.
DavidJamieson: Sure, as you mentioned, leasing costs were relatively stable, we do that in terms of the scope and the demand and the requirements of the tenants that really hasn't changed. So it's more about material pricing that could have an impact on cost on a go forward basis in the interim, obviously, with there are, we're still working through some supply constraints in distribution as a result of the pandemic. So you have seen some increase in pricing for material costs, whether it be lumber, HVAC, et cetera. That could be short term in nature, as the distribution channels start to release some of those bottlenecks that have occurred through the pandemic. And so we just have to monitor those closely, that could have some moderate impact in the near term, but we anticipate, again, that's a short period of time, and then hopefully would subside again. But in terms of deal costs, in general, we haven't seen much change in terms of the demand and the requirements from the retailer side. So if you net out any potential increase in the short term, you'd assume it to carry on as is, it's also dependent on the type of deals you do per quarter. If you're doing split box by creation opportunities, we had a couple of those this quarter that had elevated costs, while others are just a simple backfill, or if you're going non grocery to grocery, obviously, a big focus is on grocery right now. So you could see some deal costs that are a little bit higher. But it's because of that grocery conversion, but subsequently, on top of that, you're either seeing you're obviously seeing an increase in rent in some of those cases, but in addition, you're getting longer term. So on a net effective basis, net-net; it's worked out pretty well.
FlorisDijkum: So in summary, I guess one of the fears that investors had is during the downturn, heightened vacancies, less pricing power tenants have greater demands, or have greater ability to drive favorable lease terms and higher leasing packages that's not actually occurring based on what you're seeing right now.
DavidJamieson: No, I mean, what we've seen, so it's all dependent on quality, right, you have to start without the quality of the real estate, and that will drive demand, different than what we saw in the Great Recession where there's prolonged recovery cycle, the impact of the pandemic was so extraordinary and so extreme so fast, recovery has been almost just as quick so it's been more of this V shaped so you haven't really seen an adjustment or reset on market rents. What we're seeing, especially on the anchor side is that there's a short window of opportunity for retailers to upgrade the quality of their portfolio. And so they want to take advantage of that and step in. But it's typically if you have at least more than one person there at the table looking to negotiate a space that helps level set, the supply demand side. And that's what we're seeing. We're seeing a lot of people wanting to upgrade, get closer to the customer, and expand their last mile distribution efforts. Take all the lessons learned from the pandemic and really capitalize on it, because the anticipation is that, those opportunities won't exist for very long.
ConorFlynn: Yes, Floris. The only thing I would add is that first the lack of supply. So it's been decades since we've seen any uptick in new supply is really benefiting us when we're focused on these last mile location. We're focused on these last mile locations, like the density that surrounds our assets, really inhibits a lot of new supply coming online. And we're seriously experiencing that, as the demand has been robust.
Operator: The next question comes from Tammi Fique, Wells Fargo.
TammiFique: Hello, good morning. Conor you mentioned in your opening remarks about enhancing merchandising this as an objective, and I guess I'm wondering longer term, where you see areas for improvement in your portfolio. And once occupancy stabilizes, I guess what types of retailers you would like to target and what categories you could see lightening up exposure.
ConorFlynn: Sure, I can start and Dave and others can add some color. It's, it starts obviously with our grocery initiative, we really do believe that creates a halo effect on the surrounding retail because of the cross shopping that it generates. And then you go from there, and you start to continue to pick out the best-in-class of each category to make sure that you have an exciting merchandising mix. Clearly, we've benefited from curbside pickup through the pandemic. But now our mission is to make sure that the merchandising mix is so alluring that regardless of why you came to that shopping center in the first place, your eye catches something that makes you want to come back. And so whether it's a coffee or a bagel in the morning, you're always looking to drive traffic throughout the entire day. And so our mission is to really create a vibrant community center that drives traffic, for multiple different demand drivers. And so when you look at the demand of the different categories that are expanding right now, it's a really nice spot to be because it's very diverse. And we can really pick and choose and understand voids and trade areas that we can then backfill some of our vacancies with.
TammiFique: Okay, great, thanks. And then one question for Glenn. You mentioned repaying upcoming mortgage maturities. And I was wondering if that's a function of your balance sheet and ratings, upgrade goals or more a function of leverage on those particular assets and maybe lender caution on certain segments within retail?
GlennCohen: Well, we have historically paid off any mortgage that we can as soon as we can, as long as there's no real significant prepayment penalties. So we had bought a portfolio of properties, you might recall the Boston portfolio years back, and that portfolio had two large cross collateralized pools, and they're pre payable without penalty in June. So we're going to just pay those off. So with that, we'll prior to the Weingarten transaction, we'll have very little mortgage debt that remains on the balance sheet. We very much focus on just really being a good borrower; it's a much better way for us to operate. It's much more efficient than having mortgage debt on individual assets.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai from Jefferies.
LindaTsai: Hi, sorry, if I missed this earlier, when you're looking at the leasing demand, what percentage is coming from retailers looking to relocate and what percentage is coming from retailers looking to expand store growth?
ConorFlynn: It really is a combination. So I think it's very clear that there is a lot of net new demand for some of our best-in-class retailers across our major categories that are looking to take the windfall from clearly the pandemic induced shopping that they've experienced and expand there. But there is also Linda continued, that the playbook from retailers typically in downturns is again try and take advantage of the increased vacancy look to upgrade their fleet and look to get into the best centers possible. And so, we do constant portfolio reviews, with our retail to make sure that if there is a relocation opportunity that the Kimco center is the best-in-class opportunity for them in that corridor, so to look at that as well. But I would say the lion's share is coming from net new stores, which really is exciting because it's a nice spot to be having limited supply and a lot of different demand drivers.
LindaTsai: Thanks. And then just a follow on, the tenants looking to terminate early, you gave one example involving sprouts was that the bulk of the $5.3 million? And then do you expect elevated lease term fees for the remainder of 2021?
ConorFlynn: So it wasn't Linda to terminate, sorry. Right, it was Lucky that had terminated and placement; the replacement tenant will be scrapped. And I think it's kind of mentioned that was a Dania. We had two other lease terminations, they were actually with, one was - actually two with [Indiscernible]. And then bank had that as well, but we don't really anticipate a whole lot more for the rest of the year. Maybe another $1 million to $2 million for the balance of the year.
Operator: The last question for today's call comes from Greg McGinniss from Scotiabank.
GregMcGinniss: Hey, good morning. Glenn, so the $7 million have repaid rent that's billable amounts from the cash basis tenants. Are those tenants now fully current on rent, or is there more owed from those tenants? So obviously, I'm just trying to get a sense for additional one time or nonrecurring benefits that we may see this year.
GlennCohen: No, there's still more owed from them, as I mentioned, we collected about 84% of the deferred billings that we sent out. But there's still more that is still due from those tenants, they are not fully current yet. And then same thing, if you look in the first quarter. Again, as we mentioned, 70% of the cash basis tenants have paid. So there's still, when you look at those - that total, that's about $8 million that's not been collected yet. So we'll have to see how that plays out through the rest of the year and each quarter as we go forward.
GregMcGinniss: Okay, I was more specifically talking about tenants that did pay back some of the rent, right, obviously, I understand that some still aren't paying the full amount. I'm just curious if of that $7 million for those tenants that did pay back rent, those tenants are fully turned or not.
GlennCohen: The bulk of those are fully current, yes.
GregMcGinniss: Okay. Great. And then from an accounting standpoint, when might tenants start moving back to accrual accounting.
GlennCohen: So we go through a pretty in-depth process. I mean there are certain parameters that we've kind of worked out, we want to see that those tenants are current for a certain period of time, and that they have no outstanding balances that are 30 days old or so we evaluated on a constant basis, but it'll take some time for some of them to move back into accrual basis. Even some of the tenants that emerge from bankruptcy, they still remain on cash basis until they get really get their footing back.
GregMcGinniss: Okay and final question for me. Guidance is up $0.03 at the midpoint, which largely seems to capture the nonrecurring payments in Q1. In the opening remarks you mentioned improvement in credit loss for the second half a year. Same site NOI turning positive. So becoming more positive in general feels like and plus as the leasing happening. So in terms of the guidance increase here, is that more of a, can we view that as a more conservative increase just based on what's happened so far? Or do you really think that captures the potential backup benefit we might see?
GlennCohen: Yes, look, I would say that it's still early in the year; we do expect that the second half of the year that credit loss will be much better than the first half. In the guidance, there is still elevated credit loss for the second quarter. But I will tell you that the revised guidance that we were more biased towards the upper end of the rent right now, based on what's happened, so we are feeling good, and we will take a quarter by quarter. There are no more questions so far.
David Bujnicki: Okay, thank you very much. Appreciate everybody for joining our call today. If there's any follow up questions, you can go to our website and the investor relations area for more information. Thank you very much. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for attending. And you may now disconnect. Goodbye.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Kimco’s Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Senior VP, Investor Relations and Strategy. Go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco’s CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; David Jamieson, Kimco’s Chief Operating Officer as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call maybe deemed forward-looking. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. Also, in the event, our call was to incur technical difficulties, we will try to resolve as quickly as possible and if the need arises, we will post additional information to our IR website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave. Good morning and thanks for joining us today. I will begin by giving a quick overview of our accomplishments in 2020 and our strategic focus for 2021 and beyond. Ross will follow with updates on transactions and Glenn will close with our key metrics and guidance for 2021. For all of us, 2020 was a year that will not soon be forgotten. COVID, the political landscape, social unrests and the responses to these events all converged in a way that will forever change our way of life. 2020 was also a year that demonstrated in volatile times, the best companies are the ones that are able to withstand economic challenges, mitigate risk and take advantage of opportunities. In the shopping center sector, this requires a strong balance sheet, a resilient, well-located portfolio and a superior management team. I am happy to report that while we are not immune to the volatility of 2020, Kimco’s open air, grocery-anchored shopping centers and mixed-use assets performed well and we have stayed strong, confident and positive about the opportunity in the coming year. Our portfolio withstood all that the pandemic threw at us as our 2020 vision strategy to reposition our portfolio was validated. Our grocery-anchored essential services and mixed-use assets concentrated in the strongest markets in the U.S. proved resilient. In 2020, we saw continued improvement in both the percentage of ABR coming from essential retailers and grocery-anchored centers. Growing the portfolio from 77% of ABR from grocery-anchored properties to 85% plus remains a strategic focus across the organization. We are encouraged by the progress and the increasing level of opportunities in the pipeline we are currently evaluating. As part of these efforts, we are pleased to share today the upcoming opening of Amazon Fresh at our Marketplace at Factoria in Bellevue, Washington. During the fourth quarter, we executed 92 new leases, totaling 406,000 square feet, which exceeded the amount achieved in the fourth quarter of 2019. The true test of a portfolio’s quality and durability is leasing and the ability to drive rent. To that point, new leasing spreads remained positive, rising 6.8% during the fourth quarter. We anticipate that our range between economic and physical occupancy will continue to widen as a precursor to future cash flow growth. With the help of our nationwide network of relationships, tenants, brokers and our in-house team, we are experiencing robust demand from our essential retailers who continue to take advantage of the COVID surge that allows them to boost cash reserves, invest in the existing stores and expand their store portfolio to better serve their customers. We are also laser-focused on keeping our existing tenants and continue to do everything we can to help them overcome the pandemic and to be positioned to process. Our tenant assistance program, or TAP, helps small businesses navigate the new round of PPP funding. After successfully helping our small shop tenants navigate the first round of PPP funding, we believe we have aligned with best-in-class partners to continue to aid our small business tenants and accessing capital at their most critical time of need. Our strong balance sheet, well-positioned portfolio and tenant initiatives are all the results of our best-in-class team and approach. Specifically, our leasing team was proactive in its efforts to work with current and prospective tenants and our finance, planning, technology, investor relations and legal teams effectively navigated numerous obstacles and kept us focused without skipping a beat. So where do we go from here? First, our highest priority is leasing, leasing, leasing. The good news is we have visible growth in the portfolio and meaningful free cash flow to fund our leasing strategy. This has provided us the confidence to provide an outlook for 2021. We anticipate the first half of the year to remain challenging, especially for those categories dramatically impacted by the pandemic induced shutdowns. It is worth highlighting that our team pushed this portfolio to all-time high occupancies pre-pandemic and we are determined to get back to that level and exceed it. While anticipating the speed at which we will recover NOI is challenging, we do expect rents to hold up, especially in our well-located boxes that are in high demand from categories that include grocery, off-price, home goods, home improvement, furniture, health, wellness, medical and beauty. Interesting to note, we are starting to experience a rebound in both restaurant demand and value fitness retailers. Finally, on our long-term strategic focus, we continue to believe that streamlining the portfolio over the past 5 years will result in meaningful long-term value creation for our shareholders. We are focused on the highest and best use of our real estate and believe the 80/20 rule applies to our assets and gives us tremendous flexibility and adaptability to create value in the future through our entitlement initiative. Specifically, 80% of our real estate consists of parking lots that are not generating any revenue and 20% is single-storey building. With our focus on clustering our assets in dense areas with significant barriers to entry, our assets are in an ideal position for growth as the surrounding areas of down vertical. Our entitlement team is sharing our ESG accomplishments with all local municipalities as part of our efforts to show that we will be good stewards of their neighborhood and that we want to work together to make sure our assets continue to evolve alongside the community. We believe it is important that our approach to real estate evolve with changing circumstances, because that is exactly what our tenants are doing. The best-in-class tenants are looking at their real estate differently. And in many cases, their real estate team is now integrated into the entire supply chain, distribution, fulfillment, e-commerce and store decisions are all integrated on how to best service the customer. The store, which is optimized for distribution and fulfillment, continues to shine as the most economic way to get goods and services into customers’ hands. Best Buy CEO, Corie Barry, at the CES conference was very clear when she said physical stores are expected to play a massive role in the company’s fulfillment effort. Target also stated that more than 95% of sales are fulfilled by its stores. I continue to share the words from our largest tenant. The role of the physical store is poised to become broader than ever with the locations serving as fulfillment epicenters that quickly and easily get customers whatever they need. Put another way, the convergence of retail and industrials accelerate and we are positioning the Kimco portfolio to take advantage of this new utilization by partnering with our retailers to ensure that Kimco assets are all optimized to gain market share and to make the stores of Kimco even more valuable. In closing, Kimco’s open air grocery-anchored portfolio provides consumers a safe and easily accessible destination for goods and services. Our diverse tenant mix and targeted geographic presence in the strongest growth markets, supported by our well-capitalized balance sheet and our entrepreneurial approach, positions us to unlock value for all stakeholders in the years to come. With that, I turn the call over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor and good morning. As Conor discussed, 2020 was a challenging year, but there are signs of life in the transactions market with deal flow starting to pick back up. The overall transaction volumes from March through year end were down close to 85%, but there were several late 2020 deals that showcase the general theme we have seen occurring. The majority of transactions have been with essential based retail anchors, notably grocery. For the most part, size is good, but too big can result in the inability to finance the large or nonessential based tenancy thus requiring a much bigger equity check for those deals. For the smaller grocery assets, the financing community has remained resilient, but again, rent rolling cash flow uncertainty for the chunkier assets have made those a bit more challenging. Multiple grocery anchored deals have transacted at sub 6% cap rates in Denver, South Florida, California, Washington DC, North Carolina and throughout the major primary and secondary markets in the U.S. while we are bullish on that asset type, which represents the core products within our portfolio, there is no shortage of capital chasing those deals. As we discussed on last quarter’s earnings call, the limited supply of attractively priced, high-quality assets versus our current cost of capital, has led us to tailor our investment program. As it relates to our structured investments program, we made two small investments on a pair of very high-quality shopping centers during the quarter. A $25 million mezzanine financing on a strong South Florida shopping center and a $10 million preferred equity investment on a densely located center in Queens, New York, both of which will generate an accretive return versus our cost of capital with a chance to possibly acquire in the future. Additionally, as we have done many times, recently, we were able to leverage our strong tenant relationships, particularly with those that are real estate rich to uncover another unique investment that represents significant dislocation and value. To that point, we completed a sale leaseback transaction in which we acquired 2 Rite Aid distribution centers in California for approximately $85 million. These distribution centers service all 540 plus stores for the pharmacy chain in the state of California. Rite Aid is releasing these back on a long-term basis with annual rent bumps and zero landlord obligation. This investment will provide an attractive return with an IRR well excess in of our cost of capital and enhanced NAV for the company. We continue to evaluate new opportunities selectively and believe our tenant relationships, flexible structuring and conviction in our product type, puts us in an enviable position to capture upside in a period of dislocation. This is an important long-term complement to our business with the one constant being our approach of owning high-quality assets at a positive spread to our current cost of capital, while mitigating potential downside risk. Furthermore, we believe this approach will create a future pipeline of opportunistic acquisitions with the right of first refusal or right of first offer when our cost of capital returns. With that, I will pass it along to Glenn for the financial summary.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross and good morning. With our fourth quarter operating results, we delivered further improvement compared to the sequential third quarter with higher rent collections and improvement in credit loss. For the fourth quarter of 2020, NAREIT FFO was $133 million or $0.31 per diluted share as compared to $151.9 million or $0.36 per diluted share for the fourth quarter 2019. The reduction was mainly due to rent abatements and increased credit loss of $21.2 million and lower net recovery income of $5.7 million. This reduction was offset by lower preferred dividends of $3.1 million and a $7.2 million charge for the redemption of preferred stock in the fourth quarter of 2019. Now although not included in NAREIT FFO, during the fourth quarter of 2020, we did record a $150.1 million unrealized gain on the mark-to-market of our marketable securities, which was primarily driven by the change in value of our 39.8 million shares of Albertsons stock. Our stake in Albertsons is valued in excess of $650 million today. For the full year 2020, NAREIT FFO was $503.7 million or $1.17 per diluted share as compared to $608.4 million or $1.44 per diluted share for the prior year. The change was primarily due to increases in rent abatements, credit loss and straight-line reserves aggregating $105.8 million and the NOI impact of disposition activity during 2019 and 2020, totaling $24.7 million. In addition, during 2020, we incurred a $7.5 million charge for the early extinguishment of debt. These reductions were offset by lower financing costs of $15.7 million and an $18.5 million charge for the redemption of $575 million of preferred stock during 2019. Although we continue to be impacted by the effects of the pandemic, our operating portfolio has shown signs of improvement, as Conor discussed earlier. All our shopping centers remain open and over 97% of our tenants are open and operating. Collections have continued to improve. We collected 92% of fourth quarter base rents and this compares to third quarter collections of 90%. Deferrals granted during the fourth quarter were just under 2%, down from 5% during the third quarter. At year end 2020, 8.2% of our annual base rents were from tenants on a cash basis of accounting and 50% of that has been collected. As of year end, our total uncollectible reserve was $80.1 million or 46% of our total pro rata share of outstanding accounts receivable. Now, turning to the balance sheet, we finished the fourth quarter with consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA of 7.1x and on a look-through basis, including pro rata share of JV debt and preferred stock outstanding to level of 7.9x. This represents further progress from the 7.6x and 8.5x levels reported last quarter, with the improvement attributable to lower credit loss. On a pro forma basis, if our Albertsons investment was converted to cash, these metrics would improve by a full turn to 6.1x and 7x respectively, levels better than we began last year. We ended 2020 with a strong liquidity position comprised of over $290 million in cash and $2 billion available on our untapped revolving credit facility. We have only $140 million of consolidated mortgage debt maturing during 2021 and our next bond does not mature until November 2022. Our consolidated weighted average net maturity profile stood at 10.9 years, one of the longest in the REIT industry. In addition, our unsecured bond credit spreads have improved significantly. By way of example, our 10-year green bond issued in July 2020 at 210 basis points over the 10-year treasury is currently trading in the area of 90 basis points over treasury. This spread is the lowest among all our peers. Regarding our common dividend, we paid a fourth quarter 2020 common dividend of $0.16 per share. As such, we expect our Board of Directors to declare the common dividend during the first quarter of 2021, reflecting a more normalized level that at least equals our expected 2021 taxable income. Now, for guidance, while the pandemic and its effects on certain of our tenants continues, we are comfortable establishing NAREIT FFO per share guidance for 2021. Our initial NAREIT FFO per share guidance range is $1.18 to $1.24. This is also a wider range than we have historically provided taking into account the potential variability of credit loss levels due to the ongoing pandemic. Other assumptions include flat to modestly higher corporate financing costs and G&A expenses as well as minimal net neutral acquisition and disposition activity. This 2021 guidance range assumes no transactional income or expense, no monetization of our Albertsons investment and no additional common equity issued. Lastly, keep in mind that our 2021 first quarter results will be relative to a pre-COVID first quarter in 2020. Notwithstanding the expected optics of the first quarter results, our NAREIT FFO per share guidance range of $1.18 to $1.24 reflects growth over 2020 at both the low and high-end of the range. And with that, we would be happy to take your questions.
David Bujnicki: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to let you know that the line up for people in the queue is very deep. So, in order to make this efficient, again, just a reminder that you may ask a question and then have one follow-up and then you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue, so we could get through this pretty efficiently. With that, you could take the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Okay. Our first question is from Rich Hill from Morgan Stanley. Go ahead.
Rich Hill: Hey, good morning guys. Hey, Conor, I just wanted to talk through the guide a little bit. My perception is that you guys have a history of being conservative and when I look at the guide, the high-end of the range looks like it’s just an annualization of 4Q. The low-end of the range looks fairly low. Can you just maybe walk through that and how we are supposed to think about it? And again, I recognize given the uncertainty in the world, why you would want to be conservative, so I am not calling you out for it. I am just trying to understand a little bit better and where the risk might be to the upside or the downside?
Conor Flynn: Sure, Rich. Nice to hear from you. Look, we have never given guidance in a pandemic before. We think it was important to give guidance really to showcase that we have a good handle on the portfolio and the cash flows. Clearly, there is a lot of unknown that still can exist in the coming year. We’re not out of the woods out yet of the pandemic. If you think about the variants that are out there, the virus, if you think about the distribution of the vaccine, there is a lot of things that could really dramatically impact some of the returns that we are anticipating. And we thought that it’s important to showcase growth and showcase that we believe that we are – we have a defensive nature of portfolio that is now sort of up and running even in the midst of the pandemic. But clearly, there is a lot of unknown that could impact the earnings potential for 2021.
Glenn Cohen: It’s Glenn. Let me just add a couple of things that may help you also. The credit loss levels, obviously, are pretty wide ranging, and that’s a big part of what’s in those guidance numbers. So we had, as I mentioned, $106 million of credit loss between abatements and reserves and straight-line reserves. So we are still – we have baked into this guidance, still another $80 million to $100 million for this year. So that’s a component of what’s in there. The other thing that I want to bring out also is we do have less interest capitalization because of the projects that have come online. And that interest capitalization will be $8 million to $10 million less for this year. And similarly, we are capping less construction payroll of another $4 million to $6 million. So take those into account the capitalization differences when you are looking at the guidance as well.
Rich Hill: Got it. That’s helpful. I am going to not ask any more questions because I don’t want Bujnicki tracking me down and telling me I asked too many. So, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Kate [indiscernible] from Goldman Sachs. Go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. Maybe just in terms of the deferrals that you did grant in 2020 to the tenants that needed them, could you go through the expected timing for receipt of those and to the extent that any have been paid or should have been paid by now, how that outlook for receiving the deferrals on time is going?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. So the deferrals that we have done, most of the deferrals will get are expected to get collected over the next 18-month period, so a good portion during 2021 and some into 2022. Of the deferrals that we have billed most in the fourth quarter, mostly in the fourth quarter, over 90% of the ones that we have billed have actually been collected. So, so far, it’s going pretty well.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then in terms of the sectors that look like they are weighing down the rent collection for services, which isn’t surprising, but there are also collection rates under 100% for other categories, including essential ones. So, I was just wondering if you could go through, does it seem like rent collections are plateauing or what’s your outlook for when the essential tenants and those non-essential ones but not directly impacted by capacity constraints could improve to 100%?
Glenn Cohen: Well, Kate, we have never had 100%. I think that’s a starting point, right. For the most part, on a historic basis, normally, we would collect around 95% during a given month. And then over the following months, we would collect the other 3% to 4%, and then you have your credit loss that comes into play. When you look at the collections, again, collections were 92% for the quarter. So definitely starting – we are seeing improvement. 91% collected so far for January. We don’t think that we have hit the peak yet. We still have more to do. And again, we are still being impacted on the closures that have occurred certainly out on the West Coast hitting restaurants and a lot of the nonessentials, but collections are continuing to improve.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Samir Khanal from Evercore. Go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Hi, good morning, Conor. I was just trying to get a better feel for – about of the recovery, how the recovery plays out over the next several quarters and sort of the pace of that recovery. If we are assuming occupancy trough, let’s say, in the second quarter or the third quarter, how quickly do you think you can get back to sort of pre-pandemic levels, right, let’s say, an occupancy of mid-90s given the amount of leasing and the robust demand you have been talking about?
Conor Flynn: Yes, it’s a good question. I think a lot of it has to do with – I think the demand is going to be there. First and foremost, we are seeing it now come back on the small shop side. Because originally, the box demand or the anchor demand never really subsided. So clearly, it was heavily weighted towards essential retailers through the past few quarters, and now you are starting to see some of the nonessentials come back for any type of well-located anchor box that’s available. So, I would anticipate that to come back first. But now what’s interesting is the small shops are starting to come back and we are seeing it a pretty wide spread of demand sources. I will have Dave Jamieson comment on some of the small shop demand that he is seeing.
David Jamieson: Yes. No, I appreciate it. I mean right now, we are seeing it on the restaurant and the service side is actually coming back in a surprising way and in a positive way. And I think what you are seeing is operators, entrepreneurs, restauranteurs, seeing the vacancy within high-quality portfolios in the near-term as a way in which to either expand their existing operation or get into markets that they otherwise were challenged to do so. And so we’ll start to see that pick up. And when you look at the velocity in Q4 2020, I thought that was a really encouraging sign from a lease-up standpoint and what we’re currently seeing as we move through Q1 is that, that momentum is continuing to build. So I think the one good thing is that the vaccine has provided some endpoint, the idea that at some point and hopefully, the not too distant future, we will see this pandemic somewhat behind us. So people are starting to prepare. Investors are starting to prepare for what that will look like and how do they set up their business accordingly. And again, on the nonessential side, we say not essential, but when you think of the performance, especially with the investment-grade retailers and how well they have done from a public standpoint through this pandemic from a stock share price, they are really on sound footing and see this opportunity to their expand market share and again, enter into higher quality portfolios knowing that, that window will only be open for a limited time. So we are cautiously optimistic about the future here.
Samir Khanal: And then I guess as a follow-up, I mean, has your view changed on NOI growth, let’s say, not for ‘21, not so much focused on ‘21, but let’s say sort of this peak to trough end of ‘19 to ‘21/22. I mean has your view – do you feel like you can do better than down 10%? I mean, how are your views today? How do they compare to, let’s say, end of 2Q last year and even into 3Q last of year?
Conor Flynn: Well, clearly, the demand side has changed since we talked about it in Q2, Q3 of last year. And I think that there is still a number of variables there on the NOI, because I think the biggest variable is on the most impacted categories and how they’re going to weather through these next few quarters, entertainment, restaurants, fitness services. Those are really where there is a pretty wide spread of scenarios that could play out. We feel good about pent-up demand. We do feel like there is going to be a lot of revenge shopping and revenge spending. I can’t tell you how many conversations I’ve had about what restaurants people are going to go to or what fitness club they are going to go back to or what trips they are going to take. So I think if we think that the vaccine plays out and there is not a variant of the virus that doesn’t have another sort of wave of infections, we clearly have some visibility now that there’s some green shoots on the horizon that we are cautiously optimistic about.
Samir Khanal: Great. That’s it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Thank you, operator. Hey, good morning out there guys. Question on redevelopment, pipeline here is about $220 million at year end, including the new Pentagon center, that’s up pretty meaningfully from last quarter. I guess, are we back in the redevelopment game here? How do you foresee the near-term prospects for the pipeline, what type of yield, how large and will that be funded with disposition proceeds or perhaps some of the Albertsons stock now that the window is open for some of that?
Conor Flynn: Sure. I can start and Dave can give some more color on it. Look, we have seen in our supplemental that we have added the entitlements that we have achieved over the past 5 years. And we believe there is a lot of value to be created on our asset base just on the entitlement initiative. And then what we look through is the decision tree of how to activate those entitlements. And what we have done over the past 5 years is we have sold some entitlements. We have ground leased some entitlements and we have joint ventured some entitlements to unlock that value. And depending on our cost of capital, depending on the supply and demand in that trade area, we really look at the spread to our ROI, what the exit cap would be and trying to have a 200 basis point spread there between what we believe we can deliver the project at and what we could sell the project at. And so Pentagon, obviously, is the one where we feel like there is a pretty unique set of circumstances there. If you haven’t seen the Amazon rendering of the Helix and what they are doing right across the street from our Pentagon Center, it’s going to be pretty dramatic. And with the success of the Witmer and some of the cap rates that have traded in that trade area, we feel very comfortable with adding that to the pipeline in a joint venture. It’s with CPP. We have very solid multifamily experts that helped us with the first tower that’s also helping on the second tower. And we feel like that’s the right project to add to the pipeline. But going forward, we are going to be very selective. We do like the initiative of ground leasing a lot of our entitlements. We feel like that’s the way to not have a significant amount of capital tied up into these larger scale projects. But we love the smaller scale projects that are double-digit type returns, where you are adding an out parcel or a pad with a drive-thru or expanding an existing tenant. Those are ones that typically run in the range of $75 million to $100 million a year and have that double-digit type return. So, you will see that being consistent, but we will be mindful of how much we add to the pipeline going forward and be very selective on that.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. And then any comment on you make on Alberstons a window, I understand opened early this year for a portion of the – potentially how you sell from those shares. So curious, have you – can you comment and would that be to fund some redevelopment, debt pay-down, some of the mezz investments you are looking at, curious what the potential use would be? Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Hi, Haendel, it’s Glenn. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the guidance that we have has no Albertsons monetization in 2021 in it. Again, we will monitor the investment obviously very closely and it’s really geared towards debt reduction more than anything else. That’s what we have kind of earmarked those proceeds over time for. Again, cash is fungible, but again, we think of it more in terms of an ability for further debt reduction as we go forward.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank. Go ahead.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everybody. Thank you. So, omni-channel and BOPUS trends have been very encouraging and you actually pointed them out pretty well in the investor presentation. What’s the driver besides COVID? Is it that fulfillment is easier at the local store level? Are retailers using their store fleet now in lieu of possibly more expensive industrial or distribution facilities? So, as you talk to your retailer management teams like what are the key drivers that they speak to with increase in this trend?
Conor Flynn: Yes, you are exactly right. I think when we have open dialogue with our retailers, they are looking at their real estate differently, and they’re seeing their store base as a distribution fulfillment point that can solve for the last mile. The last mile is something that’s been tried to be cracked now for a number of years. And with BOPUS, with curbside pickup, you have to have that amenity available to your customer to offer a suite of services. But what’s being unlocked, I think, is the store is being optimized to service that last mile in more ways than one. And you are seeing the changes being made primarily from the best-in-class retailers as they set the blueprint for others to follow. But it is very clear when you look at who are the most successful retailers are but the store is being utilized as that last mile fulfillment point. And I wouldn’t be surprised if you start to see more incentives for customers to drive to the store because the margin is higher there and they can take advantage of that by incentivizing them with coupons that really can get people to take control over when they want the good, how they want the good and it does drive up margin for the retailer. So they are looking at it very differently.
Derek Johnston: Okay, thank you. No, that’s helpful. And then just a very quick follow-up, clearly, a bright spot has been leasing where would you say your leasing pipeline is now versus pre-COVID levels? Thanks guys.
Ross Cooper: Yes. No, our leasing pipeline is – I mean, as I mentioned earlier, related to Q4 2020 performance. And when you compare it year-over-year, it basically is at that level of pre-pandemic. And when you look into ‘21, the ‘21 Q1 is usually historically a little bit lighter post holiday and you tend to see an increase in vacancies, which is normal. But what we have been seeing is extremely encouraging. So again, as people are seeing this opportunity of displacement, new vacancies coming to market, they want to take advantage of it knowing that, that window will close shortly thereafter.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller from JPMorgan. Go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yes, hi. A quick question, I guess, on the Rite Aid warehouse acquisitions. So how should we think about that and what’s on the table now to buy? How wide is the scope for what you put capital into?
Ross Cooper: Sure, Mike. I am happy to answer that. So when you look at the Rite Aid transaction, I would just point to sort of the history of our plus business and the fact that we have taken advantage of sale leaseback opportunities many times in the past. Most recently, obviously, the Albertsons investment, where a smaller component of that transaction that maybe doesn’t get the same level of showcases, the bigger investment is that we were able to acquire several of their grocery stores within shopping centers that we controlled, where we didn’t have the grocer. Dating a little bit further back, we had a very successful transaction with Winn-Dixie, where we acquired 5 of their freestanding locations and 1 shopping center that they owned. And subsequently, we sold off 4 of those at pretty significant profit and held on to the shopping center in the Florida Keys, which is a redevelopment asset as well as a freestanding 1 in Miami, which is now slated for future redevelopment and potentially Density. So when we look at the specifics of the Rite Aid transaction, we are in constant communication with our retailers, particularly those that are real estate rich, helping them provide, I would say, solutions for some of their liquidity needs or desires. And when this opportunity presented itself, while I can’t get too much into the economics of it because we are bound by confidentiality, I can tell you that directionally, the cap rate that we were able to negotiate is significantly higher than the core grocery products that we are seeing transact in this market. When we look at the cap rate here, it’s substantially higher than the other distribution centers that we are seeing trading in the state of California. And lastly, I would just say that we are holding it in our TRS, which provides us sort of the maximum flexibility in terms of our hold period in our exit strategy. So I am not suggesting that this is sort of a wide ranging opportunity, but selectively, we do like to take advantage when those opportunities present themselves.
Mike Mueller: Got it. So it sounds like we should be thinking about this as some sort of sale leaseback transaction as opposed to an industrial transaction where you are heading – carping path out now and going to the retailers and trying to take down some of the industrial assets. Is that fair?
Ross Cooper: Yes, exactly. There is zero landlord obligation here. It is a sale leaseback that they have leased for an extended period of time. So, we don’t anticipate that there will be any sort of operational involvement in those locations. This was really just an opportunistic investment at a point in time.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Thank you.
Ross Cooper: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg McGinniss from Scotiabank. Go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning. So it was nice to see that the new leasing volume was up compared to last year, but it looked like the releasing volume was down compared to the 2019 average. Just curious what the drivers of that were and how does the pace of 2021 renewals at this point compared to the historical average?
David Jamieson: Yes, thanks. This is Dave. It’s a great question. So on the re-leasings, obviously, some of the impact was for those tenants that vacated. So that would drive down the average a little bit as a result of the pandemic. As we look forward into 2021, it’s still early. Obviously, we are only in the beginning of February, but we are continuing to see some good momentum both from options being exercised as well as renewals. But more importantly, I think when you look at that sheet at the rollover schedule the rent per square foot for ‘21 is the lowest relative to the coming years. And so when we see the mark-to-market opportunity on those, there is plenty of room to run on the spread side, so that should give us some additional lift as we secure the renewals of the tenancy and/or they exercise options as we go forward.
Greg McGinniss: Okay, thank you. And just one more for me, maybe more modeling related, but the potentially uncollectible rent adjustment in Q4 was – appeared to be a $3 million positive. Does this reflect primarily the cash basis tenants paying that rent or how should we be interpreting that number?
Kathleen Thayer: Hey, Greg, it’s Kathleen. I will help you out there. So if you look at the page, you really almost need to take the three line items that are there together. So rent abatement, cash basis tenant adjustments and then also that potentially rent income adjustment together to come up with what the total P&L impact is. And the reason for that the opposite signs or the income sign in the adjustment line is really primarily to the way that we are presenting the rent abatements. So on tenants that we are looking at the reserve and thinking there is a potential for future rent abatement, we would take a reserve on that, a general reserve. And then when the actual abatement does occur, you will see it come through our rent abatement line, but that reserve that we have put up previously is flipping in that line with the uncollectible adjustments. So, really, it’s overall the three lines together.
Greg McGinniss: So it’s not cash basis tenants paying back rent then, it’s just reflecting the timing of the abatements?
Kathleen Thayer: Exactly. The timing of the reserve was the abatement actually happens, yes.
Greg McGinniss: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Bilerman from Citi. Go ahead.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, good morning. Conor, you talked about the occupancy and lease spread likely widening before it starts to narrow again. So, you can talk a little bit about the cadence that you expect throughout the year between leased and occupied space?
Conor Flynn: Sure, happy to. And Dave can comment as well. What we are seeing is the demand continuing, as David mentioned earlier. The anchor side of it never really ebbed and flowed, it was pretty consistent through the pandemic as most of our essential retailers saw a lot of market share up for grab and improving their portfolio by locating in high-quality assets that weren’t typically available to them before. I do think that the big change that we have experienced is on the small shop side. And that’s what’s really I think is going to continue to improve the spread between physical and economic occupancy as we go through the year. I think historically, we were noted Glenn, probably around 275 basis points wide between those two. I wouldn’t be surprised if we eclipse that. I wouldn’t be surprised if we hit 300 just because I think there is a lot of pent-up demand, a lot of market share up for grab. And when you look at how retailers are thinking about this, the deals they are signing today are really more like 6 to 12 months out before they open. And so they feel like now is the time to grab market share so that when the reopening occurs, they are in the best position possible to soak up that market share. So, we feel like with the transformed portfolio, we are in really good shape to have that spread widen out to potentially its all-time high.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. And then just to give you a little – I was going to say, if you want just a little perspective. At the end of the third quarter, the spread was 150 basis points. We ended the year at 190 basis points. On a historic basis, our peak I think was about 330 basis points. So as we continue, obviously, this lease-up and you are seeing the leasing momentum, to Conor’s point, I would expect that we should exceed 300 basis points before it starts coming back down as those rent start flowing.
Michael Bilerman: Right. Glenn, just sticking with you as a follow-up and it’s relating to the guidance. And I think you acknowledged it’s wider and you sort of called out some impacts on questions. And I appreciate having the bottom line number. I think just given the amount of impacts that occurred in 2010 in 4Q and the likely that there are going to be significant impacts during 2021 relative to those numbers in 2020. Can you provide just a very detailed almost category line by line sort of ranges, especially on the NOI side given all the abatements and deferrals and bad debt? And I know there is a lot of uncertainty, but you did provide a bottom line number. I would say, for us, it’s actually having all the components are the more interesting and important variables. And then we know how many shares outstanding you have, we can divide to figure it out, but it’s sort of very opaque, just having this bottom line number. And so I don’t know if you can do it after the call or if there is more detail that you can provide now in terms of those impacts, both on a GAAP and cash basis. And so I don’t know I don’t know why it wasn’t provided. So maybe you can provide a little bit more detail around that?
Glenn Cohen: Again, I tried to give you a little bit of flavor on certainly what’s happening in the reserve world. Again, baked into the guidance, there is $80 million to $100 million of potential credit loss. So you have a pretty wide gap there. You do see what’s happening on the financing costs. Again, financing costs are relatively stable, except for we’re going to have less capitalization as I mentioned. So there’s about $8 million to $10 million less of capitalized interest in 2021, baked into the guidance versus 2020. G&A also was relatively stable. We did have our voluntary early retirement program, which do expect would create savings of somewhere between $4 million and $5 million a year. That’s being offset by lower capitalization of construction payroll of somewhere between $4 million and $6 million. So you have those components. Those are the major drivers of what’s sitting in there. Again, the NOI itself is really the tendency on, again, further lease-up as well as just how much impact there is on the credit work. But we’d be happy to provide some further detail after the call.
Michael Bilerman: Yes. A very clear summary of going from 4Q number and taking the 31 and breaking it out to its component parts and then matching that up to what the go-forward plan is because it’s very opaque. And even when you throw numbers out in the call, I think having it in a clear format, and I really appreciate the bottom line number. It’s all the components so that there’s no ambiguity about how numbers are being created.
David Bujnicki: Yes. Michael, it’s Dave Bujnicki. Also in terms of the NOI, as Glenn mentioned, I mean, really, the high end of our range is based on the fourth quarter annualization. And really looking at the credit loss where it could be, obviously, the high end of the range represents a continuation of the reserves of the $20 million reserve, particular in the fourth quarter or the low end is really $100 million. And really, as Glenn mentioned, the lease-up, the timing and the width of the spread between the lease and the occupancy just makes it a little bit difficult from that standpoint. And the reality is we haven’t provided much difference than we have in the past in terms of the guidance where we have here. So net neutral, but we’ll see what we could do in terms of breaking it down further.
Michael Bilerman: We haven’t been in a pandemic before, right? So I think in those times where things are much more stable. There’s just so many onetime and impacts, and some of them are buried in different allied items that carries went through, right? So I think it’s just having that income state presentation that you used to have way back wins of those line items and ranges, I think would be very helpful for the analysts and the investor community.
Conor Flynn: We will make sure to do that, Michael. We are always best-in-class in terms of disclosure. And obviously, there’s a lot more variables in the pandemic, but we can walk you through how we came through with the guidance. And we think it’s important to have guidance out there just to show that we have confidence in the growth profile of the cash flow. So we can help you through the components.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, I totally agree. And that’s – and I want to – it is a positive to have the bottom line is just trying to get the details and who knows that there’s mandated closures in your forward numbers or not at the low end, and just trying to get some of that detail around it would be helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb from Piper Sandler. Go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning. So maybe I’ll just take that just from a bigger picture active. Conor, now that you guys are – were in February, hard to believe that we are almost a year into this. You talked a lot about improvement, especially restaurants, entrepreneurs. So as we look at it, you have a 92% rent collections. You have deferrals at less than 2% in the fourth quarter. So that’s about always scary to do math on a public call, but it sounds like about 6% remaining. How do you feel about that 6% remaining credit? Do you feel like, basically, let’s call it, half of those folks will pay and be good? The other half to 3% will go tapioca or do you feel – like where do you feel – because ultimately, that’s the real question that we’re all getting at is you’re sitting here, we know there is going to be residuals, but it would also seem like right now, you have a pretty good handle on which tenants are going to make it and which tenants you got your guys ready to lock the store?
Conor Flynn: Yes. It’s a good question, Alex. And I think it’s one that changes almost weekly. I mean if you look at what happened with AMC that was pretty remarkable to see the stock run-up and have them take advantage of it. And so I think that you have to go tenant by tenant, which we can do off-line. But a lot of it comes down to the categories that were most impacted that are still closed. Or they still have significant capacity constraints. And how quickly can they get reopened? How quickly can they come back to full capacity, those are all questions that are really hard to answer because it all depends on things that are outside of our control. And so when you look at how we’ve approached it, our mentality is, if a retailer has kept their lights on, through this pandemic to this point, it’s our responsibility to try and help them make it through this last phase of it. And hopefully, this is the last phase of it. And so that’s the way we’re approaching it. And we’re trying to make sure we work with those tenants that have put their best foot forward to throw everything at staying afloat. And it’s luckily that Kimco is a big partner with a lot of these retailers that can help them and navigate the PPP funding round, can structure leases to give them the breathing room to hopefully make it through. But it is a tenant by tenant approach that we have done that really takes into account the category that they’re in, the capacity constraints that they are facing, potentially the product that they are waiting to get if it’s blockbuster movies. So, all these things are really components that make up the assumptions that come to our guidance range that we feel comfortable disclosing and feel like it’s our job to exceed it.
Alexander Goldfarb: But I mean – so basically, Conor, the 6% outstanding, are all those people’s lights on or half of their lights are off? So just a just some big picture, you must have some big picture views on that 6% remaining.
David Jamieson: I can add in a little bit here, Alex, man, this is Dave. Yes. So it does vary as Conor mentioned, but it’s not to say that in terms of uncollectible the tenants themselves are dark or they vacated, we could be working out a deal where we cut a deferment early on in the pandemic and had their collection start date in January, but say they’re on the West Coast, and they had to go through a second closing, which impacted their business more so than originally expected. We probably work with them on extending out that deferment start date, and that could be in process now and just not yet papered. So that’s not uncommon in some of these situations. While in others, we are working out what would make a reasonable agreement between both parties where we get some additional flexibility within their existing lease to reposition, redevelop parts of the center, and we are still negotiating that. So I wouldn’t by any means, take that 6% and assume that they are dark or they vacated. It’s not that it is just an ongoing dialogue with the tenants there.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is, SPACs or all the rage, you guys obviously have a success with the plus business. So are you – how are your views of raising a SPAC similar to what Simon is doing? Is that something where you would see positive because you could raise outside capital, therefore, free up Kimco capital or that’s not something that you’re really actively pursuing?
Conor Flynn: So Alex, it’s a good question. I think, obviously, there’s a crazy amount of SPACs every day. If you remember back in June, which seems like an eternity ago, we did do a press release that we were exploring an investment vehicle. Then you can extrapolate from there. What we elected to do was really focus on the core business. We felt like there was a lot of blocking and tackling that we needed to focus our time and effort on. And when you look at what’s going to drive earnings growth, what’s going to drive outperformance for Kimco and their shareholders, we believed it was focusing on the core business and then continuing to look for opportunities, focusing on retailers that are real estate rich, looking to take advantage of a dislocation in our sector because of our balance sheet strength because of our liquidity position and then provide that upside to our shareholders versus a separate entity.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thanks, Conor.
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Schmidt from Bank of America. Go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. On previous calls, you’ve mentioned having over 10 grocer opportunity that were currently in negotiation. Thanks for the mention an Amazon Fresh. I wonder if you could update us where those other opportunities stand?
David Jamieson: Sure, Craig, it’s Dave. We executed three over the quarter in Q4 and the balance of the opportunities are in various forms of discussion. It could be early LOI stage to negotiating a lease. And that population does vary as the negotiations progress, some fall out, some new opportunities come on. But I’d say this, our regional teams are hyper-focused on exploring every opportunity with grocers at all of our locations, either backfilling existing grocery or conversion to – of non-grocery to grocery. And we’re seeing the demand drivers from really all of all sectors, whether it’s the value-oriented grocers of all the in legal to the specialties of Sprouts, Trader Joe’s and others to the more mainstream, it is really an overall effort and also the ethnic oriented grocers, whether it be 99 Ranch, H Mart, they’re all actively expanding to increase their market share in each of these markets. So we’re encouraged by that focus. And by the conversations we’ve been having with each of these operators. So we see this as a – our goal long-term is really to convert than we currently have today in the grocery.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then just looking at Boulevard, I see that it’s 88%. Do you know what percent is open? And what is the scheduling of those openings? And then just finally, how are retailers looking at new projects versus existing projects regarding leasing?
David Jamieson: Sure. The Boulevard at Shoprite opened. They opened in and I believe October of 2020, they had an incredible opening. It was actually the biggest in their fleet’s history. So that was a great first sign of what we see as the long-term success of the Boulevard. The balance of the Junior Box tenants are scheduled to open in the second half of this year going in summer and then into the fall of ‘21. And then that will be complemented by the small shops on the first floor that will go through ‘21 into ‘22 as well. So that’s what was planned, and we’re currently on track for that. And as it relates to the demand between new projects and existing, obviously, for us, the focus is on our existing portfolio, the core portfolio. We’ve been very encouraged by the activity we’ve seen both Adena and the Boulevard through – as we’re coming through the pandemic and leasing starts to accelerate. And when you look at the quality of real estate and the quality of the projects, unfortunately, they speak for themselves and drive the demand there.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ki Bin Kim from Truist. Go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks and good morning. So you guys talked about some of the cadence that we should expect in 2021, but I was just curious little more with the first quarter. What kind of impact do you think you’ll see from kind of seasonal bankruptcies?
Conor Flynn: So far, we haven’t experienced a whole lot of bankruptcies this quarter. Ray can comment on the detail. But really the last bankruptcy that was of any sort of significance was back in I think it was back in, I think it was actually…
Raymond Edwards: Middle of November, middle of November.
Conor Flynn: Yes, November, right?
Raymond Edwards: Go ahead. Star Canter filed on November 15 and actually came up by the middle of December. And we’ve had no major bankruptcies for basically 3 months now. And obviously, AMC was on our radar, but with all the creation that’s happened in the market, they have gotten themselves some breathing room. So we just keep monitoring the movie theaters, some of the gyms, but they seem to be coming out of this right now.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And I know this is not going to be a mutually exclusive situation. But I was just curious if there is two competing spaces, I’m sure you have some high-quality centers with high rent and you have some others that are maybe lower quality with lower rent. Theoretically speaking, is the retailer more inclined to go after your higher quality, higher rent location or the lower quality ones? And I know those aren’t mutually exclusive. And each week seller has a different target zone, but also just curious, just high level.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. It’s – there are so many variables, I guess, factored into a retailer’s decision to take any particular space. Sometimes there is a retailer that has significant demand in one of their existing locations. And so they’re looking for a pressure valve to release some of that demand on one store. So they’ll look at, say, for grocery, they will maybe take a smaller format in our center, if that was available. Some people look at book-ending a trade area and while others look to saturate it with multiple stores. Ross has a double down strategy where they will – in their higher productive markets, they’ll look to put stores almost across the street from one another. So it really just depends on where they are in terms of their fleet strategy and how it complements how they view trade areas and grabbing market share. And with the pandemic, what it’s really done is accelerate, I think a lot of the discussion that have been ongoing, whether it’s curbside, BOPUS, distribution, last mile. And so those conversations are ongoing and ever-changing within the retailer world. And so it’s incumbent upon us to stay very, very close to them, knowing that month-to-month, their view of a market or a site may vary and may change to our benefits. We want to make sure that we’re always out. So long story short, it’s really hard to peg it towards just one element. It’s a number of attributes and variables that get factored in.
Ki Bin Kim: Got it.
Conor Flynn: I would say that retailers also are very focused on the curb appeal and the accessibility as well as the convenience factor. So the four-wall EBITDA is usually very profitable for our major retailers. And so they’re really focused on making sure they get the right real estate. And right now, they have been taking advantage of, I think, some of the market share that’s up for grabs, where some of the weaker players are not necessarily defending their flank and they are coming in and being able to upgrade their portfolio quality.
David Jamieson: Yes. And I would actually – sorry, just add 1 more thing to Conor’s point. Retailers are also looking at well capital landlords into this idea of curb appeal. I mean we’ve invested a tremendous amount, making sure that our centers show extremely well and are the highest class in any given market, which we represent. But it’s really long-term, making sure that the landlord themselves can continue to make those investments to make it as appealing as possible to service their customers, which are the same as our customers. And that does factor in as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria from BMO Capital. Go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you and excellent pronunciation, operator. Just curious if you guys could give a little bit more flavor with regards to AFFO or FAD relative to your NAREIT FFO guidance? And as part of that, how to think about taxable income given your comments on how you’re, at least, as the kind of the worst case, correct me if I’m wrong, for the dividend going forward, it’s readjusted?
Glenn Cohen: Well, we’re targeting the dividend, at least, to be really right at around taxable income. And for the most part, that should bring us to a level where our AFFO would probably be in the mid-70s as a payout ratio. So that’s kind of where the target is. Again, you have the difference of the capital that’s spent on TIs and leasing commissions and CapEx, obviously, that are the reconciliation between FFO and the AFFO but that’s kind of where we see it. Taxable income, we continue to look for all sorts of tax strategies to manage it and keep it in check. But again, I think you can get a better flavor once we meet, again, with our board and we declare our first quarter dividend.
Juan Sanabria: Great. Thank you. That’s it for me.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai from Jefferies. Go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. In terms of staying opportunistic during this time of disruption, are there specific markets where you’re seeing better opportunities, like maybe regions where lockdown restrictions were stricter or is it not so black and white?
David Jamieson: Yes. It really hasn’t been geographic in nature. I think it’s very specific to individual circumstances. So as we talked about a little bit previously, we have started to see some additional opportunity from owners that have specific capital needs for their assets, whether it’s repositionings or debt maturities. So I wouldn’t necessarily break it down in terms of a trend in terms of location, geographics or property type. It is sort of a specific circumstance of that individual owner or investor.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then I think earlier, you guys said that you are seeing more demand for space from fitness operators. Is this from existing ones or new entrants?
Conor Flynn: We’re seeing demand from a lot of value-oriented fitness operators, The Planets, The Crunches of the World, where I think they see the opportunity here again to enter markets or centers that otherwise weren’t previously available. And I also think the price point that their servicing and providing is probably appropriate coming out of the pandemic to start. That’s usually where they see the quickest expansion opportunity. With that, I’m sure we’ll see variance of boutique fitness that emerge it always is the case. Obviously, the at home, the online app trends that been developed through the pandemic. I’m sure as forms of that will transfer over into brick-and-mortar and the four walls, and then we’ll see a combination of all those come together.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question is from Floris Van Dijkum from Compass Point. Go ahead.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thank you. Van Dijkum. Thanks for taking my question. Conor, and you guys had some interesting comments about your land value and about obviously, you have indicated you’re looking at doing more grocery anchor deals, obviously, grocery anchor adding to your existing centers, but also may be looking at buying grocery anchored centers. What is the – how do you think about the relative value of grocery anchored versus lifestyle centers? No one seems to talk about lifestyle centers these days? And also maybe talk about the opportunity that you have within your ground rent portfolio. And is that being undervalued? And how do you look at all those components?
Conor Flynn: It’s a good question, Floris. When we see the grocery opportunity, it’s, first and foremost, being led by the demand we’re seeing from all the different grocery categories that Dave outlined. It’s interesting. There’s a big cap rate difference when you have a grocery-anchor versus when you don’t. And we have a lot of products that lends itself to just leasing up boxes to grocery stores, which, in my opinion, is the best risk-adjusted return we can find today. And so that’s where our focus is. And we have these deep relationships with these retailers that are looking to expand. And so we have, I think, a deep pipeline of opportunity there that we want to take advantage of. And that may lend itself to acquisitions as well in the future. Where we can buy assets that don’t necessarily have a grocery component, but we have the connections, and we have the wherewithal to sort of line up that grocer before we even close on that asset. So it does compress the cap rate. It does start to generate some additional traffic flow, some cross-shopping that usually leads to higher rents in the surrounding spaces, and that’s the secret sauce. You want to sort of get that lift without paying for it. So we are encouraged by what we’re seeing so far. We have a lot of work to do, but we feel like the strategy and the focus is there across the organization. On your second question between lifestyle and grocery anchored, like Lifestyle is sort of the dynamics that got hit hardest from the pandemic, right? If you think about lifestyle, it’s usually heavily loaded with restaurants and entertainment, and most of those leases are percentage rent driven. And so you sort of live and breathe with the success of your retailers. And so in the best of days, you’re killing it and the worse today is, you’re taking it on the chin just like they are. So it’s one of those product types that I think is very volatile. It’s not very essential and defensive. But there’s opportunity there if you can underwrite it correctly. I’m not sure we’re going to be playing in the pool of lifestyle centers, but we’d like to underwrite everything just to get a sense of where we think we can add value. And maybe lifestyle portions of lifestyle centers lend themselves to a repositioning to a grocery anchored center or maybe some of them can be unlocked for future densification through entitlement work. So that’s where our platform really comes and has value as we feel like we can look at the real estate and not necessarily just judge it on the way it sits today, but try and what envision should be there with the blanks late. And then have our team go and unlock that highest and best use in that value for our shareholders. And so that’s the way we look at real estate.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks. Thanks, Conor, for that. And in terms of your ground rents portfolio and Ross, maybe you can comment on this. I think you have something like $100 million of ground rents. I mean the cap rates on those things are really tight these days and probably underappreciated by the market. What about doing a larger scale transaction to realize some of that value?
Ross Cooper: Yes. No, you’re exactly right. I mean, I think the value is underappreciated for that product. The challenge that we would have of unlocking that is that a significant amount of that is contained within some of our best assets. So it’s one thing to have a freestanding ground lease with a high credit investment-grade tenancy. It’s another when that ground rent is contained within the heart of some of our best assets. So we obviously want to retain control as much of the GLA and the acreage of our best assets to enhance and create future opportunity. So we’ve certainly been approached, and we know that there is underlying value in a lot of those leases. But our objective is to retain that and to continue to turn that into future value because those, in many cases, are the lowest rent, large parcels that one day could be something significantly greater.
Conor Flynn: Yes. The other initiative we have, as I mentioned, is on the entitlement side. I think we’ve done a number of apartment complexes on ground leases. And I think that bodes well for our future to do more of that to help unlock the value, also control the real estate and start to continue to expand that percentage of ABR coming from ground leases, which I think is now over 11%.
Floris Van Dijkum: Is there any sort of can you quantify what the future potential of something like ground rents under apartment complexes could be?
Conor Flynn: We did start to disclose the entitlements on the supplemental, and you can start to extrapolate valuations there on a per unit basis, and we can help you on some of the ground lease deals that we’ve done so far that we feel like is a good barometer for the future.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Lucas from Capital One. Go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Hi. Good morning guys. I just wanted to go back to the dividend policy, if I could. Normally, at this point, you guys would have declared a first quarter dividend. Just kind of curious as to whether you’re going to be paying quarterly dividends. Should we interpret much in sort of the first dividend announcement as it relates to future run rate? Or is the focus going to really be on getting to sort of year-end and just paying out the taxable minimum? So it could be a little lumpy.
Glenn Cohen: Chris, no, we’re planning to do quarterly dividends as we always have, and we didn’t even – we did quarterly dividends even during 2020. So we temporarily suspended it and we shifted the timing. So we’ll meet with our Board later this month and declare the dividend for the first quarter and it will be paid in the first quarter. And we do plan to have, as I mentioned, a more normalized dividend level that will reflect closer to taxable income. So I think you’ll see a normalized level and something that, over time, we should be able to grow from.
Conor Flynn: Yes, Chris, the dialogue with the Board was focused on, really, since we’re in the midst of the pandemic still, why don’t we see what we collect, when do we see what the rent is that’s coming through the door for the first quarter before we announce the dividend. And I think that’s just logical. I think that’s the way we – in terms of understanding what we really have before we elect to a dividend amount.
Chris Lucas: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Paulina Rojas from Green Street. Go ahead.
Paulina Rojas: Good morning. Could you please provide an update on the performance of your tenant assistance program, particularly as it relates to the last round of PPP loans? Are your tenants taking advantage of these resources in a meaningful way, in your opinion? Also, more broadly speaking, what is your assessment of the health of your local small tenants? Are you worried? Not so much?
Conor Flynn: We have seen good engagement on the tenant assistance program, really, the partners that we align with our best-in-class in terms of navigating the PPP funding round. The details are – we have a couple of hundred already engaged with that program. I think it was – Dave, correct me if I’m wrong, was $300 million or $400 million.
David Jamieson: I think it’s around $300 million.
Conor Flynn: $300 million. So it’s been so far, so good, but we are waiting to see, obviously, how much funding they’re able to process. And again, I think at this point in time of the cycle, there is people that need the access to capital, and it was our mission to make sure that we give them the fastest path possible to get access to that capital. And then, Dave, do you want to comment a little bit about our small shops?
David Jamieson: Yes. With our small shops, we’re actively speaking to each of them on a regular basis. Some have done fairly well through this, while others continue to struggle. That’s no surprise, I think, to anyone, but the small shops are the lifeblood that we want to continue to hold close to ourselves to make sure that we provide all the resources and the tools that they need to get through the pandemic and that they’re in the best position on the best footing to really thrive on the back end of the so we continue to work very closely with them and TAP is a great example of one of those tools that we deployed early on than we redeployed when the second round of assistance came and we will continue to modify and provide additional resources as needed to help build their business back.
Paulina Rojas: And then a second question do you think there are tenant categories that will emerge from this pandemic more permanently damaged? And do you see any structural changes? I’m trying to think beyond the temporary impact of social distancing measures and such, and know your opinion about tenant categories that this thing will take longer to heal?
David Jamieson: Well, I think in terms of structural changes, again, I think COVID and the pandemic were catalyst to trends that were already emerging, whether it’s BOPUS, curbside, etcetera. These are conversations that we’ve had for several years prior to the pandemic. It just pulled all those efforts forward. And essentially, overnight, we are required to deploy and build out the infrastructure to support that. So I’d expect just the efficiency of how consumers and retailers engage with each other will continue to improve and with that will create new opportunities, whether it’s wholesale modifications or changes to business strategy, it’s hard to tell. It really is case by case, but I think it just does give retailers more opportunities to create touch points with their end customer. And for us, it’s important that as a landlord, we invest time and the resources necessary to make sure that we’re the desired location for those retailers and get built into the social fabric and behavior of the customers to make sure that they always return back to our centers. And that’s where the engagement both to the shopper as well as the retailer is really important for us is to best understand how these trends are emerging.
Paulina Rojas: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Just want to thank everybody that participated on our call today. Please continue to be safe and I wish you the best during this earnings season. Thanks so much and take care.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Kimco’s Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s third quarter 2020 earnings call. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco’s CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; David Jamieson, Kimco’s Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are also available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking. And it’s important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make certain reference to some non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. With that, I’ll turn the call to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, I will give updates on how, as one of America’s largest owners and operators of open air, grocery-anchored shopping centers and mixed-use assets, our strategy is enabling us to successfully navigate and actively manage our portfolio to offset the impact of COVID-19, how we see the evolving retail landscape, and how we are keeping focus on our longer-term objectives for creating sustainable growth and shareholder value. Ross will cover the transaction market and Glenn will discuss our performance metrics. Both our short and long-term strategies shared two overlapping principles within the evolving retail landscape. First and foremost, Kimco’s product type, open air, grocery-anchored shopping centers and mixed-use assets in well-located markets are where retailers want to be and consumers want to go. We see it in our traffic data, our leasing pipeline, and highlighted as the product of choice by retailers on their respective earnings calls. This reality has become even more pronounced during the pandemic, where, as I will discuss shortly, the open-air format is so conducive to both online and physical delivery. Second, but no less important, is that the last mile store is more critical than ever to the retailer supply chain, acting as a hub for profitable distribution and fulfillment as the demands and needs of the consumer continue to evolve. With these core principles in mind, our short-term strategy is simple, block and tackle, collect and lease, assist our tenants, and tenaciously stay on top of our costs. The good news is that we have been focused on this strategy for quite some time, well before the onset of the pandemic. So our team has been ready, tireless and efficient in executing on it. And our results reflect these efforts. While Glenn will provide more detail, our portfolio has remained resilient during the pandemic, with occupancy currently at 94.6%. We are seeing a pickup in leasing demand, and our leasing pipeline is starting to build to a level we experienced pre code. We anticipate a faster recovery for anchor occupancy versus small shops and for essential retailers versus nonessential ones. Of particular note, our strategy to focus on grocers has been spot on, as grocery anchor demand for space is surging. Over the past 5 years, we have upgraded Kimco’s portfolio from 64% to 77% grocery-anchored and have outlined the strategic plan to reach 85% to 90% grocery-anchored over the next 5 years, with over 10 new grocery opportunities currently in negotiation. In addition to growth in grocery demand, e-commerce sales across our retailer Rolodex has exploded and created a powerful halo effect on our existing store locations. Driven by changing consumer demand, the need to improve margins in data analytics, our tenants are transforming their store operations and expansion plans to include shipping and fulfillment. Tenants like Target, Costco, Walmart, Best Buy, Home Depot, Lowe’s, Dick’s and many others continue to expand omni-channel programs like buy online, pick up in store and curbside pickup. These programs have proven the most cost efficient way to deliver goods to consumers while, satisfying the customers’ desire for quick and safe access to products. This is worth emphasizing. We don’t believe there is a one-size-fits-all solution to the last mile challenge, and we need to recognize how each retailer determines how best to serve their customer base. For Kimco, helping our tenants to the last mile is one of our highest priorities and that’s why our portfolio and our team are well positioned to retain tenants by helping them optimize their stores to provide for shopping, shipping and pickup. Our dedicated team is also focused on identifying new opportunities and location voids for certain retailers and redevelopment potential. These experienced personnel employ a mix of old school networking and market research and new school data analytics to help tenants find opportunities for profitability and growth. Our overriding philosophy is that retailers are our partners. By listening to their concerns, engaging with them and helping them maximize the profitability of their space Kimco continues to be their partner of choice. Perhaps hit the hardest are small shop tenants who often simply do not have the resources to hang on. That’s where Kimco continues to step up. Unwilling to wait to see who will stay or go, we are in daily dialogue with our retailers to listen to their needs and challenges, and to see how we can partner to help them navigate the situation. Our Tap Tenant Assistance Program initiatives have been a welcome sight for these tenants. Whether we help tenants pay for legal costs, provide health and financial information on our website, locate vendors to facilitate tenant acquisitions of outdoor heaters or expand our national curbside pickup program, we are letting our tenants know we are in this together as they fight to continue for success. We can’t save every tenant, but we can do our part to make sure we help those that want or need a fighting chance. As the world learns how to live with the virus, our team is working tirelessly to welcome tenants and customers back to our centers, while making them feel safe in a new shopping environment. In times of crisis, we want to make sure our retailers know which landlord picked up their call and which landlord called them. We are confident in our portfolio, our team, our improving rent collections, our liquidity position and our balance sheet. At a time when many are looking for rescue capital to help carry them through this disruption or to bolster their balance sheet, Kimco’s sector-leading liquidity puts us in a unique position. Our ability to monetize a portion of our investment in Albertsons, which currently sits as a marketable security worth over $550 million, is a clear differentiator and gives us tremendous optionality in the future. I continue to be humbled and impressed with how our team at Kimco has rallied around our strategy to navigate the COVID challenge and how they are also able to focus on the long-term as we position Kimco for the future. As for the long-term, we continue to add to our war chest of entitlements and believe downturns are often a great opportunity to expedite them as local governments are often more willing to accommodate these projects. We believe our 5-year goal of securing 10,000 apartment units is certainly achievable and that these entitlements can provide future opportunities to unlock embedded value. Our development and redevelopment pipeline is now at a 5-year low. Similarly, in the transaction market, we continue to witness a wide disconnect between the public and private valuations for well-located grocery and home improvement anchored open-air shopping centers. Open air centers in our well located areas of concentration continue to trade at a cap rate range of 5% to 6%, which is clearly at odds with our current valuation. While purchasing our core product does not make economic sense given our current cost of capital, we also outlined our capital allocation strategy for the next year and how we plan to invest accretively by taking advantage of the lack of liquidity in the commercial lending market. In closing, our consumers are comfortable with the shopping center experience. Together with our tenants, we make the shopping center a safe and easily accessible destination for goods and services. We know we have the right assets, a diverse tenant geographic mix, a strong balance sheet and the entrepreneurial spirit to not only survive but thrive during this pandemic. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thank you and good morning. Following up on Conor’s commentary, we continue to see aggressive pricing for high-quality, primarily grocery-anchored product, albeit at a much lower transaction volume. Multiple trades occurred in the third quarter throughout the country at sub minus 6% cap rates in Pennsylvania, Northern California and Florida, with another high-quality asset trading in Los Angeles at a sub-5% cap rate. For the right location and tenancy, there is still strong demand and an abundance of capital available. The biggest impediment to deal volume is the continued pullback in the market from the traditional lending sources. With cash flow uncertainty and general concerns stemming from the pandemic, it has never been more important to have strong sponsorship, quality tenancy and substantial liquidity. And as Conor alluded to, we see that as a tremendous differentiator and opportunity for Kimco. With our cost of capital elevated and institutional quality property cap rates remaining at all-time lows, there is a clear disconnect between public and private pricing, making it difficult for us to identify and acquire traditional retail centers accretively. So for now, we will continue to remain disciplined. However, we do expect the pricing dislocation to eventually change. And when it does, we will be opportunistic where we can invest capital at a spread to our cost, while getting our foot in the door on prime locations that match our view of quality and downside protection. While the traditional acquisition market remains stalled, we are seeing and evaluating opportunities to provide either preferred equity or mezzanine financing on infill core MSA locations with strong tenancy and existing sponsorship. These owners need value-add capital to either redevelop the asset with signed replacement leases in place or bridge the gap on refinancing an asset that has a near-term debt maturity. Historically, this would have quickly and easily been funded by traditional lenders or CMBS. In this environment, finding that additional financing is not as easy, and we have sourced a few great assets where we can provide assistance. As part of our investment approach in this area, we seek a right of first offer or right of first refusal in the event the owner looks to sell the property. If the asset performs as expected, we collect a double-digit return and get paid off in a relatively short hold period. If the downside scenario occurs, we ensure that we have conservatively underwritten the properties so that we’re very confident stepping in and owning or operating the asset at a comfortable basis of less than 85% current loan-to-value. Given current market conditions and the expectation that it will remain this way into 2021, we anticipate this deal structure will become a key component of our investment strategy next year. While the instances of these deals are still infrequent as we sit here today, our expectation is that the opportunity set will substantially increase into next year, as lenders start to realistically assess their existing collateral and prepare to take necessary impairments on their balance sheets. As always, we will be judicious with our capital and selective with how we deploy it. That said, we do believe this program can unlock attractive yields and potentially add desirable properties to the future Kimco portfolio. With that, I will pass it along to Glenn for the financial summary.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. Our third quarter operating results have improved as compared to the second quarter, with higher rent collections and lower credit loss. We are also opportunistic in the capital markets and have further extended our debt maturity profile. For the third quarter 2020, NAREIT FFO was $106.7 million or $0.25 per diluted share, meeting first call consensus, as compared to $146.9 million or $0.35 per diluted share for the third quarter 2019. The change was mainly due to abatements and increased credit loss of $28.3 million as compared to the third quarter last year. Credit loss recognized in the third quarter 2020 was a significant improvement from the second quarter 2020 credit loss of $51.7 million. Our third quarter FFO also includes a onetime severance charge of $8.6 million or $0.02 per share, related to a voluntary early retirement program offered and the organizational efficiencies from merging our southern and mid-Atlantic regions. We also incurred a charge of $7.5 million or $0.02 per share from the early redemption of $485 million of 3.2% unsecured bonds, which was scheduled to mature in 2021. A year earlier, in the third quarter 2019, we had a preferred stock redemption charge of $11.4 million or $0.03 per share. Although not included in NAREIT FFO, we did record a $77.1 million unrealized loss on the mark-to-market of our marketable securities, which was primarily driven by the change in our Albertson stock. We also sold a significant portion of our preferred equity investments, which generated proceeds of over $70 million and net gains of $8.4 million, which were also not included in NAREIT FFO. With regard to the operating portfolio, all our shopping centers remain open and over 98% of our tenants are open and operating. Collections have continued to improve from the second quarter 2020 levels. We collected 89% of base rents for the third quarter, including 91% collected for the month of September. This compares to second quarter collections, which improved to 74%. In addition, we collected 90% for October so far. Furloughs granted during the third quarter were 5%, down from 20% from the second quarter. Our weighted average repayment term for deferrals is approximately 8 months, and will begin to be repaid meaningfully during the fourth quarter 2020. Thus far, we have collected 87% of the deferrals that were billed in October. Now let me provide some additional detail regarding the credit loss for the third quarter 2020. We recorded $25.9 million of credit loss against accrued revenues during the third quarter, which included $17.1 million related to tenants on a cash basis of accounting. There was also an additional $4 million reserve against non-cash straight-line rent receivables. As of September 30, 2020, our total uncollectible reserves stood at $74.8 million or 39% of our total pro rata share of outstanding accounts receivable. Total uncollectible reserve of $45.8 million is attributable to tenants on a cash basis. At the end of third quarter 2020, 8.4% of our annual base rents were from cash basis tenants. During the third quarter, 51% of rent due from cash basis tenants was collected. In addition, we also have a reserve of $25.8 million or 15% against the straight-line rent receivables. Turning to the balance sheet. Our liquidity position is very strong, with over $300 million of cash and $2 billion available on our revolving credit facility, which has a final maturity in 2025. We also own 39.8 million shares of Albertsons, which has a market value of over $550 million based on the closing price of $13.85 per share at the end of September. Subsequent to quarter end, Albertsons declared a dividend of $0.10 per common share, and we expect to receive $4 million during the fourth quarter. We finished the third quarter with consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA of 7.6x. And on a look-through basis, including pro rata share of JV debt and preferred stock outstanding, the level is 8.5x. This represents essentially a full turn improvement from the 8.6x and 9.4x levels reported last quarter, with the improvement attributable to lower credit loss. We expect further improvement next quarter as well. We were active in the capital markets during the quarter as we issued a 2.7% $500 million 10-year unsecured green bond and a 1.9% $400 million 7.5 year unsecured bond. Proceeds were used to repay the remaining $325 million on the term loan obtained in April 2020, fund the early redemption of the 3.2% $485 million bonds due in May of ‘21 and fund the repayment of 2 consolidated mortgages totaling over $70 million. It is worth noting that our credit spreads have continued to tighten since the issuance of these bonds, with the 10-year bond trading more than 40 basis points tighter. As of September 30, 2020, we had no consolidated debt maturing for the balance of the year and only $141 million of consolidated mortgage debt maturing in 2021. Our next unsecured bond does not mature until November of 2022. Our consolidated weighted average maturity profile stood at 11.1 year, one of the longest in the REIT industry. Regarding our common dividend during 2020, so far, we have paid $0.66 per common share, including a reinstated common dividend of $0.10 per common share during the third quarter 2020. It remains our expectation to pay cash dividends at least equal to 2020 REIT taxable income. As such, we expect our Board of Directors will most likely consider declaring and paying an additional common dividend during the fourth quarter. And with that, we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: Hey, good morning guys. First of all, kudos for providing a cash flow statement, I think that’s best-in-class and I wish your peers would do it as well. I do want to focus on the cash flow statement, because I think it’s really important and provides a tremendous amount of transparency in a market like this. And it looked like to us, there was a real nice cash flow ramp that maybe isn’t even captured in the FFO numbers, which looked pretty much in line, but the cash flow ramp looked really impressive. Can you maybe just back up and help us understand what’s driving the cash flow ramp? Is it collection of deferrals? Is it less bad debt? Is it rent collections? Is it all of the above or is there one thing that we should specifically be focusing on as we think about modeling?
Glenn Cohen: Rich, it’s Glenn. I mean, clearly, during the third quarter, you have rent collections that are much higher than where they were during the second quarter and you have a much lower reserve number. The reserve number is over $10 less. There is also some – there are some timing things that come into play also, the timing of when you’re paying bonds and things like that. So you have payables, and that move around a little bit. But the bulk of the increase is really driven by really the rent collection increase.
Conor Flynn: Yes, there wasn’t much deferral collection in Q3. We will see that ramping in Q4.
Rich Hill: Got it. And just one question on the deferral and then I have one more final question. Did you say 87% of deferrals granted in October have already been collected? Did I hear that right?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. 87% of what we billed, so the deferrals that we billed in October, 87% of those deferrals have been paid.
Rich Hill: Got it. Thank you. And then, Conor, maybe this is a question for you, but as you think about where you stand today and as of the end of 3Q versus where you stood in 2Q ‘20, that cadence of recovery back to whatever normal is, but let’s call it 1Q ‘20, do you feel like you’re on track? Do you feel better than where you did previously? How – can you just walk us through sort of your sentiment on the recovery to normal?
Conor Flynn: Yes, Rich, happy to. I think when you look at back in Q2 and what we talked about with our Board, the trajectory of how things could play out, and we gave a multiple different scenario to them, we feel that we are trending towards that A, B scenario versus the C, D scenario. And I continue to think where we’re trending in between the A, B, if you look at our collections and you look at the leasing volume and you look at the retention rate and the collection on deferrals, the collections on the portfolio. We’ve done a lot of work over the past few years to put ourselves in a position to be a high-quality owner to be a landlord of choice, and I think it’s starting to shine through on the portfolio metrics. And so there’s a lot of unknowns, obviously, still to come. But we feel like the trajectory is right about in between that A, B scenario that I mentioned before.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. And if you – it’s Glenn again, if you think about what you have seen, right? We had $0.37 of FFO in the first quarter. That was relatively a normal quarter where we were. Obviously, the second quarter was the hardest hit. We were at $0.24. And if you think about the third quarter, if you take out the onetime charges of the severance and the early repayment of the debt, we would really be at $0.29. So you are seeing that ramp. And it really has to do with the fact that rent collections are improving and reserves are decreasing. So if the trend continues into the fourth quarter, we expect to see further improvement from there.
Rich Hill: Thank you, guys. Again, I really appreciate the transparency on cash flow.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the time. I was just hoping you could spend a little time on the bad debt, and kind of help us think about how that’s trending. What’s been the key variable in decreasing? Obviously, the amount of collections have improved, but I think, in particular, with the Street would be interested in kind of expectations for the fourth quarter. And maybe just some insights into the accounts receivable past due, how the different buckets are shaping out 30 days, 60, 90 days, just to give us a sense of what to expect going forward?
Glenn Cohen: So let me try and answer it a little bit. I tried to address it in my prepared comments. If you think about where we are, collections have certainly improved. If you look at where – what we’ve reserved so far. So we reserved – when we think about our total outstanding receivables, 39% of that number has been reserved. Again, if collections continue to improve, if it’s going to be somewhere in this low 90s range, then we would expect reserves in the fourth quarter would be less than what they were in the third quarter. So again, as we were saying earlier, we are seeing improvement. But again, it is premised on the fact that rent collections continue and that we don’t have another round of shutdowns. In addition, we have started to build some of the deferrals and the deferral collection, as I mentioned, was 87% for what we billed in October. So, if that trend continues again, we think that’s another positive but it is going to depend on the rent collections.
Juan Sanabria: Great. Thank you. And then just on the whole omni-channel e-commerce and the groceries that, Conor, you mentioned trying to ramp up that exposure there, just trying to think about, how are you guys able to monitor and track what’s going on via the omni-channel or e-commerce side of the business versus what’s going on in the four walls and making sure you get your fair share? I know it’s been something that’s been discussed for a while, but you’re seeing more of the grocers dedicate space to online pickups. Just trying to see how you guys are thinking through that as – particularly as you try to increase your exposure to the grocers over time?
Conor Flynn: Yes, sure. I think one thing you have to remember is the lion’s share of our rents are fixed rents. So we don’t really have the percentage rent clauses that some of more of the mall type landlords would be accustomed to. So even though we are focused on helping our tenants maximize their sales within the 4 walls, even though we’d love for them to be able to count the omni-channel sales as part of the four-wall profits, which they are starting to do in many cases, we wouldn’t necessarily participate in that upside. It just gives more value to the lease that they have with us because they’re more profitable out of that box. And so what we have done is focused on curbside pickup, focused on making sure that they optimize their store that it becomes more of a fulfillment and distribution point. In our dialogue with them, we go through space by space within our portfolio and analyze which stores are already optimized and which ones need a reset to be able to fulfill and distribute from that store. And the nice part is the lion’s share of our anchor spaces have already optimized their stores. There are a few that are lagging a little bit behind. But the blueprint is out there, and that’s why we’re being very proactive and very aggressive talking to our retailers to make sure that they know that, as a landlord, we will co-invest with them to optimize those stores, making sure that they see what we’ve done on the curbside pickup program that we want them to do inside their four walls.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning. David, I wanted to dig into leasing a bit more, given the large footprint of the portfolio, are you seeing material differences in leasing productivity based on geography? For example, if you give some insight into rent spreads in the Northeast versus the south or really any other insights that would be appreciated?
David Bujnicki: Yes, sure. No problem. Appreciate the question. So, as we went through Q3 and looking ahead into Q4, we are starting to see a healthy improvement in the deal pipeline and the volume of new activity. As Conor mentioned in his prepared remarks, we anticipate that the anchor well capitalized tenants will be the front-runners in that expansion. They’re utilizing this opportunity, similar to the Great Recession, to expand their market share, upgrade the quality of their portfolio. And really double down in locations where they’ve seen great production and realizing as well that being closer to the customer is a value to them. And so we have seen that with off-price, we have seen that with grocery. Ironically, actually, discount, lower cost fitness has taken this opportunity despite the distress of that sector to look at opportunities to expand as well. On a geographic basis, it’s pretty well evenly spread. We have seen both the Northeast, the South and the West Coast start to really accelerate their deal flow even on the small shop side with the well-capitalized tenants, the corporate tenants and some of the franchisees that are looking to expand. So it’s pretty well balanced. As it relates to spreads, it’s always a quarter-by-quarter item related to which deals qualify for comp spreads. So you’re always going to see some movement related to that. And a spread number could be driven by 1 or 2 individual deals, either up or down. So – but generally speaking, when we look out and we saw the high levels of retention this past quarter as well between renewals and options, which are very much in line with our historic rates, we felt really confident that the quality of our portfolio is clearly a benefit to these retailers. Again, this is the opportunity where a retailer has a choice. They can either renew, exercise or option or look elsewhere. And fortunately, they’ve chosen to stay. And they say that when you look at our spreads related to renewals and options, they’re in the high single digits, which is sort of the high watermark of our historic trends as well. So we’re cautiously optimistic and encouraged by the activity, but we have to stay extremely focused and be out in front with these retailers to ensure that we’re part of their expansion plans.
Greg McGinniss: Thank you, David. And then maybe shifting gears a little bit, Glenn, with the 87% deferral collection in October, just curious how that tracks against your expectations on payback and what’s been reserved against on the deferral side?
Conor Flynn: So our total deferrals during the third quarter, there’s a reserve of 29%. In terms of the 87% collection, again, I think we – it’s pretty much in line. We thought it’s probably right around where we thought it would be, maybe around 90%. And we’re not done. It’s just as we sit here today, that’s what we’ve collected so far. So it should improve a little bit further. But again, most of the tenants that we’ve provided those deferrals to were tenants we thought we would be able to collect from for the most part, large or high quality tenants. So that seems to be coming through here.
Greg McGinniss: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Derek Johnston: Hi, everybody. Good morning. Thank you, excuse me. You guys are in an enviable position regarding liquidity and flexibility. And in this environment, as we appear to be emerging from, hopefully, the worst of the pandemic, when do you shift to offense? And thank you for the opening color on private markets still being somewhat frozen and likely persisting into 2021. So when it comes to capital priorities for Kim, how are you favoring the mezzanine loans Conor mentioned, ramping redevelopment, continued de-leveraging or potentially buybacks?
Conor Flynn: Sure. We can divide and conquer that question. I think there was a lot in there. So look, for – as we outlined earlier on our capital allocation strategy, we get our daily cost of capital, and obviously, our cost of capital is extremely elevated in this time. And it makes buying our traditional product type, our grocery-anchored shopping center in our top 20 mega markets almost off the table in many ways because it just doesn’t even come close to meeting our cost of capital requirements. So what we found is that there are opportunities to provide rescue capital or transformational capital where high-quality real estate is in the midst of a redevelopment or it’s in the midst of a refinancing of a construction cost coming out for permanent financing, and they don’t have the full vote to be able to cover the refinance. And so that’s where we can come in with some strategic capital to exceed our cost of capital and get our foot in the door if that asset were ever to trade. That’s where we see our unique set of investment opportunities in the near-term. We continue to prioritize leasing. We continue to think that, that is going to be number one, number two and number three for us as where our capital is going to go. We do have a tremendous amount of dry powder, but we want to make sure we are careful. We’re still not through the pandemic. I think today, we just hit over 100,000 cases. So we clearly recognize that we’re going to have an elevated amount of cash on the balance sheet going forward just to continue to give ourselves plenty of cushion. We pushed out our debt maturity profile, as Glenn mentioned. We continue to survey the landscape for opportunities. We have a lot of deep-pocketed investors that want to partner with us. And so we continue to monitor the situation, but recognize the fact that we have to batten down the hatches, lease like crazy, get our cash flow back to where we think it should be and then continue to mine for opportunities. As we’ve done in the past, when the tide goes out, we have been opportunistic. And there’s been a lot of kicking of the can by lenders, and we’re being patient to see when people start to face the music.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I would just add to – I think Conor covered most of it. But the way that we envision this program and given the, as you quoted, enviable liquidity position, we do believe that this program is still playing offense, albeit at a different way than we’ve done it historically. And the nice thing that we really like about this program and the differentiator for Kimco is the fact that, as I mentioned, there’s still an abundance of capital for the grocery-anchored institutional quality type assets. And given the fact that there’s still a lot of demand for that product with our elevated cost of capital, it makes that program extremely challenging. The differentiator for Kimco on the preferred equity and mezzanine program, mezzanine financing program that I mentioned, is that there are very few high-quality operators like Kimco that have the liquidity to play in that space. So when we find ourselves on these few examples that we’re working on going up against potential competition, it’s hedge funds, it’s more opportunistic debt platforms. So when Kimco steps in, with our track record and our ability to operate in the event that the downside scenario comes into play for the senior lender, they very much welcome Kimco’s participation. So we found it to be a very nice fit, while also hitting our elevated yield hurdles. So it’s a very nice balance that we think could be a great place for us to put out accretive capital in ‘21.
Derek Johnston: Okay, great. Great color. Thanks. And then leasing, leasing, yes. So it’s been a real bright spot. So I will just continue with that. And not just for Kim, but even for other peers that have reported. So it’s obviously encouraging and really ahead of what our internal plans and thoughts were outside of normal cyclical recession impacts that everybody kind of understands or believe they understand. Are there any positive secular trends that may be at play here since leasing seems to have popped back, pushing close to near pre-COVID pipeline levels?
Glenn Cohen: In terms of trends, I look at sort of what retailers are doing today and sort of what does that lead us, how does that lead us into the future and what new opportunities will emerge as a result. To the credit of the retailers, they’re extremely innovative. They continue to see how the customer is changing, how their needs of their store format and footprint are changing. Obviously, we’ve talked about omni-channel for years now. So in our dialogues with the retailers, we’re just continuing to see that evolution play itself out, and what that’s creating our multiple store formats for grocery stores or off-price or others that are starting to appreciate the use of, say, micro fulfillment or distribution out of the store, trying to penetrate maybe more urban areas, so they’re shrinking the size of their footprint, but also then appreciating as a result of this online distribution that in some locations, they actually need to now expand the footprint. So the dialogue is pretty well balanced between optimizing it for efficiency and smaller to expansion or in larger to address this fundamental need. And so these are all trends that, again, they’ve been playing themselves out. I think COVID itself has just accelerated what was already in process. And so it pulled that forward by a few years. Curbside, for example, we’ve talked about for years. Overnight, it was a necessity, and we deployed it at over 300 centers to support that effort. So I think we’ll just continue to see the emergence of a lot of the trends that have been sort of in its infancy, continue to expand and grow. For us, that’s really encouraging, and that’s exciting to be part of that process. How do we continue to work with them, to innovate and change? And now more than ever, the retail partnership between us and them, and then the retailers to retailers is so important because we’re all servicing the same end customer, which is that shopper, and how to create the best experience for them.
Conor Flynn: But the only thing I would add is that we are watching a pretty significant demographic and population shift out of the major metros to like that first and second ring, which is where our assets are located. So we are cognizant of the fact that some of it might be short-term, but I think a lot of it may be long-term, where we stand to benefit from the increase in population and migration. And I think that bodes well, not only for the retailer demand for our space, but also the redevelopment potential for our shopping centers long term. When we talk to our retailers, they are very clearly weighing their expansion plans to that first and second ring, which is where our portfolio is positioned. So I think we are positioned well for both the short-term and the long-term.
Derek Johnston: Good stuff. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Bilerman with Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman: Yes, thanks. [indiscernible] on here with me as well. I had one question for Conor and one for Ross. Just maybe starting with Conor, you talked about sort of this grocery penetration in terms of lifting it to that 85% to 90% level from the high 70s today. And you talked about having 10 grocers that you’ve either leased or closing to lease to start your way to that level. And I want to know, as you think about going from 77 to the high 80s, how much of it is adding grocers, and I don’t know if you have to add like 40 grocers, how much of it is selling assets that don’t have grocery potential? And then maybe you can sort of dig into those 10 leases that you’re doing because I would assume those are new grocer boxes, how do the terms of those? How are they being built out? What type of excess land are you attaching to them for curbside? Just as we enter this new world of new leasing, I sort of want to see how different it is versus the past or how similar it is relative to the past?
Conor Flynn: Yes. It’s a good question, Michael. So – and Dave can chime in as well on the leasing side. But on the 85% to 90% target over the next 5-plus years, it is a fixed portfolio, so we actually don’t have a disposition number in that. So it’s literally just leasing up 2 grocery stores on an asset that doesn’t currently have a grocery anchor. Obviously, if we do take on a little bit more dispositions in time of non-grocery anchored assets, that may boost it even further. But I was just looking at the existing portfolio today and wanted to know which of our assets lend themselves to grocery repositionings. And Dave and his team have outlined the path to get to that 85% to 90%. And then on the deals in the pipeline, Dave can give a bit more color on that.
David Bujnicki: Yes. So in terms of the conversion of the boxes, it varies case by case and what the needs are. For example, the Lidls and the Aldis of the world are targeting a smaller footprint. Sprouts, in the not too distant path, had modified their footprint from 30 down to sort of that mid-20 range. But they’re still being very aggressive in looking at anything within that square foot category. So they can grab market share and be flexible and adapt to the needs of the customer. And then when you go into the larger-sized formats, you talk about the Krogers, the Albertsons of the world, and what they’re doing, they’re still very much in that larger format, the 40,000 to 60,000 square foot range, dependent on the brand. And they’re really accelerating the use of distribution and fulfillment out of the store. So in terms of having to modify the shopping center to accommodate those needs, there’s not a massive change or transformation in the dialogue because we’re able to accommodate curbside today as we were yesterday. There may be some modifications to expansion or contraction of the footprint depending on the grocery themselves. In terms of deal structure, it can vary between a ground lease scenario, lower rent, lower cost to something that’s more capital intensive. And we just look at the economics to determine what makes the most sense. But I wouldn’t say there’s been anything that’s been materially different aside from just obviously the growing demand. And when you think of the grocers, to their benefit, they’ve had this surplus of cash that they’ve received as a result of COVID and the necessity of grocery and the stay at home trend. And so fortunately, they’re able to now to use that cash surplus and really make the investments that they were either targeting and now can pull forward or they’re already planning to do and just continue to strengthen their position in the market and the service offering to the customer.
Michael Bilerman: Thanks for that. And then, Ross, I want to come back to this press mezz program that you’ve been talking about. And you sort of quoted, you said double-digit returns and an 85% LTV sort of mark to leave it at the borrower default on that, that’s where you’d be in the cap structure. And I just wanted to better understand sort of the double-digit return that you’re talking about. How much of that cash pay upfront, how much is picked, how much may be an amortization of fees or structuring? Because a double-digit return seems quite – it’s good, but it seems quite high relative to probably how those assets are performing from a cash flow perspective to be able to generate that type of return for Kimco.
Ross Cooper: Yes. No, absolutely. And what we’ve seen thus far, there’s certainly no one-size-fits-all. These deals are all a bit unique with various dynamics that are occurring. The few deals that we’ve seen that we’re working on currently do have a majority of that double-digit return that is paid current. And there is plenty of cash flow currently within those assets to support that with the remainder that will accrue and be paid pick. When we look at these deals and why the borrowers or the partners are willing to pay that return is really because they’re not in a position where they need to or really want to sell the asset today. It is much more challenging to negotiate an acquisition price and see the capitulation between buyer and seller to acquire the site outright versus them expressing a willingness to pay a somewhat elevated interest rate on a small piece of the capital stack that they view to be short-term. And as I mentioned in many of these cases, it’s for a very specific purpose. So one of the transactions that we’re working on right now is a former Sears Box, where there’s $25 million of capital needed to redevelop that part of the property with executed leases with TJ Max Burlington and 5 Below. Now historically, that would have been funded by a construction loan at a relatively inexpensive rate. Today, it’s much more challenging for the borrower to find that. So they’re willing to pay a double-digit interest rate for that redevelopment because the value creation that will occur once that’s completed is far in excess of the short-term high interest rate payment that they have to pay to us. So that’s just one example of where we are seeing it. Another example is on a very high-quality asset that was just recently constructed, urban location, New York metro. And there is a construction loan that once it was put in place was at a much more comfortable LTV than what the lender believes it is today. So as that construction debt is maturing, we’re coming in with a $10 million to $12 million piece to bridge the gap between where the new permanent financing is coming in and where we can help them take out the rest of that construction loan. So again, it’s a asset that we understand to be extremely high quality, with tenancy that we know will perform in any part of the cycle or mid-pandemic, post pandemic. But just that additional capital to bridge the gap is not there in the environment today.
Michael Bilerman: And should we expect like, I don’t know, $200 million, $100 million? What should we expect in terms of deployment for this?
Conor Flynn: Michael, it’s really too early to tell because we’re not sure the size of the opportunity set. And so what we’ve done is we’ve aligned ourselves with a number of partners that would like to align themselves with Kimco because of our underwriting and capabilities to manage the property in the worst case scenario. But we’re starting to see a drift in. We thought it actually would come sooner, but we’re being patient and we’re waiting for these opportunities. So for now, anyway, it’s sort of a case-by-case scenario where we’re being disciplined in looking at what could this look like. We’re not sure yet.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I think the word that really does come to mind, and Conor just said it, is discipline. We’re working on two of these deals right now. We’ve passed on dozens. So at the end of the day, it doesn’t differ from our core acquisition strategy in the sense that we are going to be very focused on the underlying real estate, very focused on the downside scenario. And if we have to come in and step in as an operator and own this, that we’re very comfortable having that become a part of the Kimco portfolio. It’s not a program to chase yield. It’s a program to get a very attractive yield, but get our foot in the door on high-quality real estate that we would be very comfortable and happy to own if that scenario played out.
Michael Bilerman: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning. Good morning, our there. Just sort of following up that – the line of questioning, Conor, you guys have spent a lot of time and a lot of hours, mental time to simplify Kimco, to get it back to sort of a pure-play shopping center company with straight up direct ownership, unwinding all the AUM and all the stuff that went on the prior preceding cycle. As you guys think about whether it’s acquisitions directly, which I don’t know if you would consider bringing in JV capital, or doing mezz and preferred, how do you view that versus the – all the efforts that you guys have done to make Kimco a simple business model? It would seem like some of this would add complexity back that you guys spent a lot of time to make more as a pure play?
Conor Flynn: It’s a great question, Alex. I think when you look at the current portfolio of assets and you look at Kimco’s strategy going forward, you recognize how simplified the strategy is, how transformed the portfolio is. And that will continue to be really the lion’s share of the cash flow growth and where the execution is focused. Ross has been mentioning a pretty unique set of circumstances in time where we see an opportunity for Kimco to take advantage of the disruption. And we’ve always tried to be opportunistic investors in midst of disruption. And so the key for us and the differentiation between – in the past is we’re underwriting the real estate, that’s our core competency. We’re underwriting grocery anchored real estate in high barrier to entry markets that we feel would be a Tier 1 asset for Kimco for the long term. So it’s a way for us to get a foot in the door. It’s a way for us to invest accretively. And it gives us, I think, a unique set of circumstances to take advantage of the situation, but we know that these coupons are not long-term. These are real short-term opportunities because of a lack of liquidity. And we continue to focus long-term on our strategy of owning and operating, redeveloping and creating value, leasing like crazy on our Tier 1 portfolio going forward. But the investment strategy for this period of time with disruption, we think we’ve found a nice niche for us to create value, but it’s value on our core product, which is, I think, the key differentiator for us.
Alexander Goldfarb: Look, I agree. I mean, you guys have been successful with the retail front. But I’d point out, like if you look at what SL Green has done, I mean, they’ve been incredibly successful, and yet the market doesn’t really give them credit. So it would seem like this business is maybe something that’s good for like a small targeted, but just seems like the market sort of pushes back when it becomes anything of size. A second question is just on the tenants. You guys have made a lot of improvements with rent collections. So as you guys look over the next, call it, 6 months, from a national side and from a mom and pop, do you feel that you have a good handle on who is going to end up being your remaining sort of credit issues? I don’t know, on the national side, if that means like fitness or theaters. And on mom-and-pops, I’m guessing that you sort of have a sense of who’s going to make it or not. But it just seems like a – basically, almost 90% rent collections, that you guys would have a pretty good handle on what the ultimate shakeout is going to be from both the national and the mom and pop. So maybe you could just comment on that.
Ross Cooper: Yes. So you’re right, Alex, in terms of the collections, obviously, we’ve been encouraged by that. Heading into the winter months, obviously, creates some unique challenges, especially in the Northeast, that we’ll closely monitor. We’ve been very proactive with our restaurant base and other service-based tenants that have had to utilize some sort of outdoor facility to help offset the limited capacity indoors. But obviously, as winter sets in, we have to be observing on what happens there. We have a very good pulse on the tenant base that’s in our portfolio now. We obviously talk to them on a daily basis and keep very detailed records of their individual situations. So from a tenant disruption standpoint, a credit standpoint, a lot of what we’ve seen happened as a result of COVID were those that were already in distress, continued to fall into that category, the bankruptcies that were filed. They were anticipated at some point to occur. It just pulled, again, pulled that trend forward. So – and I think we’ve seen the lion’s share of that, and Ray can actually speak, I think, a little more detail about it. But what’s been encouraging is we’ve seen a lot of these companies are reemerging from bankruptcy with a stronger balance sheet, right? They’ve done debt-to-equity swaps and have come out with a reorganization plan that actually enables them to survive into the future. As we go into January, when you think about the next 6 months, historically speaking, we’ve typically seen another dip in occupancy in Q1, which happened as a result of post-holiday fallout. That’s typical. That’s normal. So we’d anticipate that to occur. And then as we get through Q1 and sort of emerge into Q2 ‘21, I think we start to see the plateauing effect and the growth opportunity there, coupled with, obviously, the continued growth in our new deal pipeline. So that’s right, I think we start to see ‘21 emerge.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Yes. Thank you. Hi, I’m wondering if the dip in small shop occupancy might represent a trough in 3Q or do you think that the occupancy in the small shops could go lower?
Ross Cooper: Hey, Craig, great question. I tried to answer it a little bit in the previous question at the end there. We anticipate, again, just based on historic norms, that you’ll see probably another dip into Q1 as a result of the post holiday hangover and what happens usually in our portfolio. And then as you move out of Q1 and blend into Q2 and then through the balance of ‘21, I think you’ll start to see that recovery mechanism occur, both from a reduction in the vacates, but more importantly, an increase in demand of the space to offset. So – and just to put it in context, too. So a lot of – the majority – the vast majority of the vacancy that we’ve seen has been a result of these bankruptcies that were on edge pre-COVID already. So it just again tipped the scales that much further. And so fortunately, the balance of the portfolio, all of these small shop tenants are grinding it out every day. And we’re here to support them, and we actively reach out to them to make sure that they have the tools necessary to come out the other side. But that’s – so we expect probably a little bit of a further decline before it starts to ramp again.
Craig Schmidt : Great. And then for your tenants that are working on being better at fulfillment and distribution last mile, I’m wondering, do any of these efforts require a change in zoning?
Ross Cooper: Great question. It really depends on the scale in which someone is trying to achieve that. So if you’re just reallocating some of your square footage within your 4 walls, but you’re predominantly still a retail in nature and functioning as you were prior to this enhancement of your box, most likely not. It’s just a matter of reallocation of space. If you’re doing a full micro fulfillment center, 15,000 to 20,000 square feet, that may require a use variance or some other means in which you’d have to go to the city and the town to have that as an accepted use, two very, very different stories there and strategy. So right now, I’d say we’re talking more about the former, where retailers are just repurposing some of their square footage to meet this demand, but it’s not a total reinvention of space.
Conor Flynn: Craig, I think it’s a lot easier for retailers to not go through the rezoning process and to just repurpose portions of their stores to fulfill and distribute. And it’s a lot less capital-intensive as well. So we see that that being the lion’s share of what we are experiencing.
Craig Schmidt: And what we’re hearing that Amazon was supposedly pursuing, would that be the latter? Meaning that they might have to get zoning changes for that area?
Ross Cooper: I mean, you know as well as I do, Amazon is trying a whole bunch of stuff in a whole bunch of markets, and they’ll continue to run the trial and error to see what sticks and what works best. So it really just depends on what they’re doing at any given point in time. I mean we all know that they have multiple different brick-and-mortar verticals right now that they’re exploring. So if it’s more the sort of the traditional grocery use, then that’s a grocery use, if it’s something that’s more expansive in terms of distribution, then maybe. But it’s really case by case, independent on the municipality and the existing zoning that’s already in place for the center.
Craig Schmidt: Great. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks and good morning. So it was good to see a lot of improvements in your portfolio, including collections. As you start to think about a more sustainable dividend policy, what are the things that you are looking at? And any kind of guideposts that you can provide?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Ki Bin, look, we set the dividend and reinstated it at the $0.10 level. First and foremost, we are going to focus on just making sure we attain our retaxable income requirements for 2020. And then as we roll up our budgets and look at cash flows for 2021, we want to establish really a set – a level set dividend that is sustainable and growable. And with that, we want to be somewhere around no greater than 80% of AFFO, probably a little less than that. But it’s also going to have to be managed with what retaxable income is. But in terms of target, it’s really in the 70% to 80% AFFO level.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Ki Bin, I think you have seen our Board be very involved in the dialogue and the analysis of our cash flow, on the AFFO and what we want to do going forward. We want to be, as Glenn said, in a position of strength, where we have a lot of free cash flow after dividend, where we can reinvest and retain. And so we are in a position where you’re starting to see that free cash flow pretty significantly grow from where we are. And then we’ll monitor the REIT taxable income and make sure that the dividend is covering them.
Ki Bin Kim: Got it. And going back to something you guys said earlier about the seasonal vacancy that you’ll experience in the first quarter, which is quite normal. During this COVID environment, you also had a chance to possibly take that into account in your reserves. With your credit reserves at about 8% of rent, would you say that you’ve reserved for any kind of potential fallout that might happen in the first quarter? Or is that something you have to revisit later on?
Glenn Cohen: I would say no. I mean, you have to deal with reserves as they come along quarter-by-quarter. You can’t go ahead and put up general reserves for things that you think really happen out in the future. So no, I would say that we don’t have reserves built for 2021 at this point.
Conor Flynn: But the only thing I would comment and add is that, clearly, we’re reserving against the tenants that are not performing and so if you’re not performing today and you’re struggling through to make it to the holiday season, you’re probably not going to make it post-holiday season. So that’s something I would add to that.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey good morning. So Conor, you mentioned the Board earlier. And I guess a question I have is, as Kimco sent out a survey a few weeks back to the analyst community. And one of the questions I found most interesting was asking us to rank six key financial metrics by how we think the priority of them should be or how we perceive them: price to AFFO; price to FFO; price NAV; same-store NOI; dividend coverage; and debt to EBITDA. So I guess I am curious how you and perhaps the board are thinking about the prioritization of these metrics and how it informs how you run the business into 2021 and beyond. Thanks 
Conor Flynn: Yes. It’s a great question. I think our fundamental strategy is pretty consistent pre-COVID and post-COVID. And that is to make sure we have a rock-solid balance sheet, so a lower net debt to EBITDA, that gives us the ability to not only maintain our BBB+ Baa1 credit rating, which is a huge differentiator today. I’m sure you’ve been well aware that the difference between unsecured and secured borrowing today has never been wider in retail. And we believe that’s a big differentiator for us. So in the midst of the pandemic, obviously, the balance sheet is a critical focus and making sure that it is on the path to not only maintaining a strong BBB+ Baa 1, but hopefully putting us in a position of strength going forward to potentially see an upgrade there. FFO growth will be significantly important for us in 2021. There is no doubt about that. When you look at the leasing momentum we have, when you look at the ability for us to improve collections, the combination of those two with our cash flow growing, that is going to be what really grows the FFO for us in 2021. You got to remember, we did push out a lot of debt maturities, right? So we don’t really have a whole lot other than some mortgages coming due that we plan to pay off to really delever. So our growth profile is all about leasing. We have a couple of projects starting to come online as well from the Boliver and from Dania that will help grow our cash flow in ‘21, but it is all about the FFO growth for us, which is tied to our leasing momentum.
Haendel St. Juste : That’s great. Thank you for that. And second question is on I guess the dividend. I guess how does the lack of liquidity in the transaction market play a role in the dividend sizing and how you’re thinking about the dividend sizing? Historically, you guys have sold assets to fund redevelopment, pay down debt. And it looks like even net of the – I think you said $580 million of Albertsons stock, you have your pro forma leverage is still probably somewhere in the mid to high 60s next year. So maybe you could help perhaps with some thoughts on that. And then also remind us on the timing of the realization of the Albertsons capital. How much of that can you liquidate next year? Thanks.
Conor Flynn: Sure. I will take the dividend piece of it, and Glenn and I will both combine on the Albertsons side of it. But we continue to monitor the dividend and think that monitoring our taxable income is the right approach, making sure that we have ample coverage and the ability to grow it over the long-term and start to generate some pretty significant free cash flow, which you are going to start to see at the end of ‘20 and into ‘21, which allows us to go and redeploy that capital accretively into the pipeline and into the redevelopment opportunities. We think that’s the right approach. We think that’s the way to really not only manage through the pandemic, but put us on a glide path for the future to be able to grow that dividend along with the AFFO growth from the portfolio. And then on the Albertsons side, we did mention we have over $550 million of the marketable security. It is in a lockout period, but it’s starting to pay a dividend. So we continue to think that that’s a wonderful investment for us both short-term and long term.
Glenn Cohen: And again, the Albertsons investment gives us lots of optionality about when we would want to monetize it and how best to use those proceeds. Again, we think about it primarily to try and reduce debt, although it is now an earning asset, which is helpful, but it gives us a lot of – again, it gives us a lot of optionality.
Ross Cooper: Just one last piece, Haendel. This dispositions really are not a major player to how we think about the dividend. And in a lot of cases in the past, many of the dispositions that we did were really done as 1031 exchanges to kind of shelter the taxable income that went with them. So that really does not play a whole lot into how we think about the dividend. It is really about cash flow and generating as much free cash flow as we can.
Haendel St. Juste: Sure. No, I appreciate that. I was just curious about how the perhaps less potential sourcing liquidity overall in the market could play a role into how you view your sources and uses into the coming year. And then maybe, can you just clarify – I know there’s a certain timing mechanism tied to how much of the Albertsons capital stock you could sell over time. How much, theoretically? What proportion perhaps are you able to sell next year? Thank you.
Raymond Edwards : This is Ray. The transaction with Albertsons, there was a six-month lockout for the first 25% to be available, and that lockout would end at the end of December, early January. And then every 6 months thereafter, 25% more of the investment is released from the lockup. So I guess, for ‘21, half of it would be available to us out of the lockup. But as Glenn said, when we decide to monetize that will be a decision between us, management and the Board.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Pardon me. We do have Mike Mueller with JPMorgan as the next questioner. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Hi, I guess going back to the preferred and mezz investments. Is that something you are contemplating for on balance sheet? Or would that be a candidate to go into that investment vehicle that you set up in the spring?
Ross Cooper: Yes. Currently, we are doing it on balance sheet. As I mentioned, there’s only a couple of relatively small deals in nature. Depending on the size of the opportunity set as we round the corner into ‘21, we could consider alternative structures. We have had the ongoing dialogue with several potential investors that would love to invest alongside us. We have not made any commitments to do that. So right now, we are doing it sort of on a one-off internal basis. And then depending on how much activity we see, we can always look to outside capital sources.
Mike Mueller: Got it. And is there an update on that investment vehicle for the spring?
Ross Cooper: I mean that is essentially the update there. We’ve had lots of conversations with capital providers that want to take advantage of our plus business, the preferred equity and mezzanine financing being the current sort of applicable program for that plus business. So again, we haven’t made any formal commitment to any outside capital sources, but we have plenty that are sort of on the sidelines waiting to see if we’re ready to bring them in or not.
Mike Mueller: Got it okay that was it thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning Just a question back to Albertsons. Could you talk about just your latest thoughts for the holding? So I guess do you expect to be a long-term holder given the kind of optionality you said in terms of what could be sold in 2021? And do you think it would be to sell the shares only if you had an expansionary use, such as acquisitions or development? Or would you sell sooner and use the proceeds for something like debt pay down to the extent that you could?
Conor Flynn: Yes. Again, Caitlin, we have a lot of optionality with it. As Ray mentioned, the first 25% doesn’t become unlocked until really the end of this year. So we don’t expect to do anything for the rest of this year. And then we will evaluate it as we go through 2021. Again, if there’s a good source for us to do something accretive, we would use that capital to do that, including debt paydown.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. And then just the portion back to kind of the rent collection topic. The portion of the rents in the bucket of the – to be decided and collected under negotiations, seems like it’s roughly like 6% to 8% of each of 2Q, 3Q and October rents. So I was wondering what sorts of tenants are included in this category? And what’s the outlook for getting these resolved?
Conor Flynn: Yes. So in terms of the – go ahead, Dave. No, go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Alright. So yes. In terms of the open accounts, it is within the categories that you could probably expect: restaurants, theater, some fitness, entertainment, etcetera. So we continue to work through those individuals and helping them structure a program lease modification program that works for them and works for us as well. But there is also a sizable amount that’s related to outstanding billings, and real estate taxes. And a good majority of that is typically tied to your larger national tenants that have a period of time in which they do a review, ask questions, and then eventually, it’s reconciled and paid. And that could lag up to 60 days or so on average. So you would see that there are some of those account – open account items that would fall into that category.
Caitlin Burrows: I guess as a quick follow-up to that. Could you just say then, does that suggest that normal rent collection – I feel like we have not ever talked about it before 2020, but that normal rent collection isn’t quite 100% right away and that some sort of lag is normal?
David Bujnicki: Yes, yes. Great question. Glad you actually asked it. So our historic average on collections is actually never really 100%. It’s around 95%. So when you think about where we are today, in that 90% to 91% range, we are not that far off from what we have historically collected and what we anticipate collecting, when you use 95% as really your ceiling. So there’s always a component of there that’s outstanding, that’s in dispute or may not be collected as a result. So when you put that back into context, you started to get a sense. We are getting fairly close. We are not – to where our historic norms were.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks and good morning guys two quick questions, I guess. Number one is what is your billable rents in the third quarter relative to your first quarter? And what is your recurring – so what I was trying to figure out is, what is your recurring revenue in the third quarter relative to your recurring revenue in the first quarter?
David Bujnicki: Yes, Floris. It’s David Bujnicki. The billable amounts have not changed dramatically from the first quarter to where it is now. If anything, it may be because of rent fallout from some of the tenant bankruptcies. But outside that, if you try to get back to that denominated change, it really hasn’t changed much at all, because even our cash based tenants, as we have increased them, we still accrue that rent and show us a billable piece, and then we take it as part of the reserve. That have not during the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Right. So to Dave’s point, the cash basis tenants during the third quarter, embedded in that $25.8 million reserve, there’s $17 million of reserve that relates specifically to the cash basis tenants. So if you think about that, if you didn’t have that accrual, you would have $8 million, $8.5 million of reserve, right? And we are just showing it gross up so that the denominator really hasn’t changed all that much. Again, your denominator is low the tenants that would fit the tenant fallout that you have from the bankruptcies.
Floris Van Dijkum: Okay. Let me ask you one other question. And obviously, Ross, thanks for giving your views on cap rate development. I think that was – obviously, as we are looking at the stocks, they appear to be trading at a big discount. I was curious to get your views on M&A in the sector. When – what do you think will trigger it? And also, maybe, Glenn, if you can give your views on, at some point, if this discount persist, when do you start to think about buying back stock? What would be the trigger for you to do that?
Ross Cooper: Yes. I mean I think as it relates to M&A, it’s always a bit tricky. We have done it five different times in the past in the company’s history. We continue to stay very focused for – Kimco purposes on location, geographic quality, etcetera. So the discipline will remain there. We will continue to monitor the landscape, but it’s a very challenging environment for that. Particularly when you look at, as I mentioned, the landscape in terms of financing, it makes it very challenging for any sort of privatization in the market as well. So while it looks like the opportunity could be right just based upon the discount to NAV, it still becomes a very challenging endeavor that we will see how things play out as we round into ‘21 with some of the companies out there.
Glenn Cohen: As far as the buyback, again, we are very, very focused on liquidity. We’re very focused on bringing our net debt-to-EBITDA levels down in this environment. Again, and we are still – us and everyone else, no one is fully out of the woods yet with this virus. I mean, today alone, you had a new – 100,000 new cases reported. So no one knows the full impact of what’s going to happen. And I think it’s prudent to just be very cautious at this point. So again, having liquidity is crucial. And until we have real clarity that we are moving back in the full right direction, I think it’s very important to just hold on to your liquidity.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Hey good morning guys. Sorry to keep the call going. But I just had two quick ones. Dave, just on the sort of on your inventory of space that’s come back to you in the last couple of quarters, how does that match up to sort of where the demand is in the market?
David Bujnicki: Good question. So on the anchor space side, the Stein Marts had filed, and we’re going to see that fall out this quarter. That’s very well in line with a lot of the off-price and the grocer activity that we’re starting to see in the market. In the mid shop size, that 8,000 to 12,000 range, you’re seeing the likes of five Below, Alta and others that are actively expanding, including the Dollar stores. So that is a bright spot and encouraging. On the small shop side, we will start to see – again, the recovery on the small shops will be more prolonged, a little bit slower, but when you see service-oriented tenants, medical, health care, that’s a growing category that fits well in the small shops, as well as some of the very well capitalized quick service fast food restaurant opportunities as well. I mean, they’re seeing opportunities here to expand their footprint. So that’s where we are seeing the alignment that works out well. And – but it’s – I’d say the inventory is fairly consistent to what we have seen historically. It’s just right now, we’re obviously seeing more of it in a shorter period and I think though, fortunately, we will start to see, because of the higher quality, we’ll see that absorption accelerate pretty quickly as we move into ‘21 and ‘22.
Chris Lucas: So when you think about your Pier 1 models, CENA boxes that you’re getting back, do you feel like you can get those back and leased up on a single-tenant basis? Or do you feel like there’s going to be some components, some meaningful component that will be – you need to split up in order to...
David Bujnicki: It varies case by case, the orientation of the box, depth of the box, how much store frontage there is. Does it make sense for a retailer to stretch a little bit to take the whole box to make the economics more favorable or do we have an opportunity where we can split and put into smaller shop tenants that work well? So it’s hard to suggest one way or the other. It’s always a unit-by-unit assessment to what works best. But as I mentioned earlier, there are tenants that are of high-quality and good credit that have interest in those sizes, which is encouraging.
Chris Lucas: And then, Glenn, just a quick one for me, on the bankrupt tenants, how much did they contribute in terms of revenue to reported results for third quarter?
Glenn Cohen: So the...
Dave Bujnicki: Bank of tenants account for approximately 2.3% of our ABR for the third quarter for the third quarter.
Glenn Cohen: And about 65% of that was collected from those tenants.
Chris Lucas: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Samir Khanal of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Good morning. Just one for me here, from a modeling standpoint on G&A, what’s the run rate we should be thinking about? I know you had a couple of moving parts there with the streamlining of the businesses in a different region?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. So we took, as I mentioned, Samir, about an $8.6 million charge during the quarter related to the voluntary retirement program that we offered, plus the merging of the 2 regions. It will probably have an impact going forward of about a $4 million, $5 million a year reduction in G&A. You’ll start seeing it towards the middle of the second quarter next year as everything winds down and it gets completed.
Conor Flynn: Samir, there’s two other real modeling things, as you keep in mind. One of them relates to cap interest burn off as our development and redevelopment projects have kind of scaled down, and the other is our equity and income from other real estate investments. Glenn, maybe you can give a little color on that.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. So on both of those points, our redevelopment and development pipeline is probably the lowest it’s been in about 5 years. So you have this burn-off of the cap interest. So we would expect next year, cap interest will probably be about half of what it was. So that’s probably around a $7 million less number next year. And then as I mentioned, we sold a pretty large portion of the preferred equity investments that we still hold. And so if you look at the balance sheet, you’ll see that we sold about 40% of those. And the recurring income on those would probably be about $4 million to $5 million less next year. So those 2 items account for about probably $12 million or so of less FFO going forward.
Samir Khanal: Thanks guys. That’s it for me.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vince Tibone of Green Street. Please go ahead.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good morning. I would like to come back to the commentary you provided on cap rates. Just cap rates may not have changed much since COVID, but NOI expectations are certainly lower today versus where they were in January. So I wanted to hear some color on how buyers are typically underwriting NOI today compared to 2019 levels. And do you have a view how much asset values have fallen all-in this year?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. No. It’s definitely a very specific undertaking that each organization takes. We have an extremely robust risk and underwriting group. And certainly, in this environment, you want to make sure that you’re protecting your downside. So I think it’s fairly common in this environment that buyers and anybody that’s evaluating cash flow is being very conservative. Looking at a space by space analysis, determine the credit, the actual tendency that you have in place, what type of services they perform or provide. And lots of buyers are structuring around that, whether it be looking for certain escrows or holdbacks. And there’s a variety of ways to skin the cat to ensure that you’re protected. But there’s no doubt that pegging the NOI that you’re capping today is the biggest challenge in terms of underwriting and getting comfortable. And frankly, that also, in addition to the lack of financing, is a big gap in the bid-ask between buyers and sellers, is coming to a determination and an understanding of what that appropriate NOI is today. It would be very difficult to specify what a decrease in value is pre and post pandemic. I would say what we’re clearly seeing is that the bid-ask spread is much more narrow for the essential based retail properties, grocery, home improvement being 2 categories that are still transacting at pretty close to pre-pandemic levels. And you’re seeing that widen out pretty significantly when you get outside of the essential based retail. So I think that it’s – where previously it was grocery versus power or core versus non-core. The analysis today is the percentage of income coming from essential based retail versus nonessential. And that’s really the biggest differentiating factor in underwriting today.
Vince Tibone: Got it. That’s helpful color. Is there any debt available for power centers today? Or is it kind of come back to just the essential mix and some of the stuff you touched on?
Glenn Cohen: There is. It’s very dependent upon the tenancy and the location of that power center. We did see one transaction occur last week. It was a grocery-anchored power center, but the grocer was a relatively small component of the property. And from my understanding, the buyer closed with 65% LTV interest-only debt at low 3% interest rates. So when you have the right tenancy, you can find that, but it is more challenging today than it’s been in the past.
Vince Tibone: Got it. One more super quick one for me. Just – it looks like operating expenses were up 8% year-over-year in the quarter, whereas most of your peers cut OpEx in the mid single-digit range. So does that increase at all attributable to some of the internal restructurings or is there something else Kimco may be doing differently than their peers?
Glenn Cohen: No, Vince. It really had to do a timing issue more than anything else. We deferred a bunch of cap projects in the early part of this year, especially with the pandemic, we are also holding off. So this is where – during this quarter, you saw a lot more of that coming through. Yes meaning on the recovery as well.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I mean if you look for the nine months for the year, it’s basically flat.
Vince Tibone: Yes. No, I just wanted to see if it was more, but – I mean, it sounds like it’s a onetime issue anyway or a catch-up around some of the charges related to.
Conor Flynn: There is also some expenses related to things we did around COVID that we needed to do as well. So that’s all factoring in. But as Glenn mentioned, for the year-to-date, we’re consistent with where we were last year.
Vince Tibone: Okay great, thank you for the time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference back over to Dave Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Great. We just want to thank everybody that participated on our call today. As a reminder, our supplemental and our investor presentation is posted to the IR website. Thank you very much, and enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Kimco's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's second quarter 2020 earnings call. We’ll jump right into it while most of us in the Northeast still have power and Wi-Fi service. The Kimco management team participating on the call today include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco’s Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are available to answer questions during this call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. And with that, I’m going to turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Today I will give you an update on how we have confronting the challenges posed by COVID-19 and how we plan to move forward as parts of the country continue to struggle with the virus, while other parts slowly come back. Ross will give an update on the transaction market, and Glenn will follow with a recap of the numbers for Q2 and our enhanced liquidity position. The COVID virus is a challenge to our entire industry, and one that we're addressing head on. At Kimco, our great team, high quality assets, and strong balance sheets are helping us weather the pandemic and prepare for the future. We have an effective strategy for dealing with COVID-19 and have made significant progress since our last call. First, I would like to applaud the entire Kimco team for their tireless efforts in ensuring that our centers remain open and operating. Our people are smart, passionate, dedicated, and determined. Simply put, they're the best at what they do, and together we continue to provide our shoppers, our tenants, our employees, our extended Kimco family, and our local communities with a safe experience. It is also worth noting that as a result of our national footprint, our best practices and lessons learned from the challenges faced early-on in the Northeast are now being employed to help those areas in the Southeast and West in their time of need. Our portfolio continues to withstand the pandemic impact. We have reached deferral modification agreements with the vast majority of our top 100 retailers so we deem non-essential and are forced to close in some capacity. We believe our retailer partnerships are differentiators for Kimco, and in these challenging times tenant relations matter more than ever. While working with our tenants to help them get to the other side, they've worked with us to remove certain lease restrictions that will enhance redevelopment opportunities and create long-term value for our shareholders. Ironically, many of our tenant relationships have actually strengthened during the pandemic, which bodes well for our future success, including the potential for opportunistic investments similar to the successful investment we made in Albertsons. The operating metrics reported today for our reposition portfolio reflects its quality and resiliency, and in times of stress quality is critical. We continue to lease space even in these uncertain times. In Q2, we executed 52 new leases totaling 256,000 square feet at a positive 22.9% spread and renewed 180 leases covering 959,000 square feet at a positive 10.7% spread. Combined our spreads were a strong plus 12%. New leasing and tenant retention efforts helped occupancy finish at 95.6 for the quarter, anchor occupancy was even stronger at 98.2%, and small shop occupancy was 88%. Year-over-year, our anchor occupancy was flat, which again represents a strong result in the current environment, and a further testament to our team and portfolio. We continue to extend assistance to our small shop tenants who need help in these challenging times. Our tenant assistance program or TAP is a multi-pronged approach to provide valuable resources free of charge. This program provides our small shop retailers with a free legal advisor to help navigate the numerous state and federal programs available for small businesses, which by our count has potentially resulted in over 20 million of PPP funding for our small shop tenants. Our TAP program is also helping tenants activate outdoor areas to continue operations. The National Kimco curbside pickup initiative has been well received and customers are utilizing their service more and more. Retailers have told us that our curbside program stands as the best they’ve encountered, and has had a positive impact on their operation. We have also helped our restaurant tenants activate sidewalk cafes, and green spaces to help with capacity constraints. All of our efforts and initiatives to help our tenants are paying off. For the month of April, we collected cash based rent totaling 68%, in May 66%, June 76%, and July is currently an 82%. We are currently trending above our internal forecast for rent collection. While this is encouraging, we remain mindful of the rollbacks occurring in certain hotspots. And the simple reality is that the impact of the virus inhibits our industry's ability to forecast for the sense of confidence. During the second quarter, we granted rent deferrals, totaling 18.5% of base rent. We fielded rent deferral requests for July that amounted to only 8% of scheduled rent, and have worked out deferral plans for 4 basis points of total rent. This is a significant improvement from the start of the pandemic, when in April we feel the deferral requests that amounted to 39% of AVR. At the end of July, our weighted average repayment period for deferrals is approximately 9 months. Currently, 94% of our tenants are open with only 3% of AVR subject to mandated closures. Our development and redevelopment pipeline activity is currently focused on achieving multiple entitlement master plan approvals across the country. Our goal is to entitle an additional 5,000 multifamily units in the next five years that will provide us with a total of 10,000 units by 2025. While we are closely controlling our project expenses, our goal is to be ready to move forward with several projects when market conditions are right. As per our signature series projects, we just received a temporary certificate of occupancy for the new Shop Rite grocery anchor at The Boulevard Project on Staten Island. We anticipate opening this fall with the majority of other retailers opening in the spring of 2021. At Dania Pointe, we recently completed construction and now have 15 tenant fit outs underway, including Urban Outfitters and Anthropologie. The first multi-family building, the [indiscernible] Dania Pointe, which is on a ground lease has begun moving in the first residence. Our portfolio strategy is focused on having our grocery, home improvement, and mixed use anchored assets clustered in strong economic MSAs that serve the last mile. These dense areas create significant barriers to entry and a favorable balance of supply and demand. Our sophisticated retailers are utilizing these last mile stores as indispensable fulfillment and distribution centers. This is a differentiator for Walmart, Costco, Target, Home Depot, Lowe's, and all of our grocery anchors, who continue to serve their customers in multiple ways, in-store shopping, buy online pick up in store, curbside pickup, and home delivery. These services and conveniences are all part of what the consumer is now demanding. And those with stores close to dense populations are outperforming pure e-commerce players on delivery times and cost efficiency. We are witnessing a blurring of lines between the distribution, fulfillment, and last mile stores. We've also seen an uptick in demand from our essential retailers who are also looking for more last mile location. Clearly, we are experiencing retail Darwinism play out in an expedited manner, and we believe we are well-positioned to take advantage of the future of retail. Finally, in addition to our team and portfolio, we continue to prioritize liquidity. Glenn will give the detail on how we bolstered our balance sheet by issuing our first green bond at an attractive rate, paid back our term-loan, and continue to push out a maturity profile. We have our entire untapped $2 billion line of credit at our disposal, limited maturities on the horizon, and received a further cash infusion from our Albertsons Investment. We believe our ongoing efforts to enhance our balance sheet and cash position will enable us to prosper and be opportunistic at a time of tremendous dislocation and well into the future. While the current unpredictability of the virus in government action is making forecasting a challenge, we continue to monitor the environment daily. We meet regularly with our board members to keep them up to date, review our cash projections and determine how and when to reinstate our dividends. To be clear, it is our intention to pay an additional cash dividend in 2020, which at a minimum will cover our taxable income. As I said at the outset, the companies that stand-out in this environment are those with superior talent, superior asset quality, and a superior balance sheet. In these unsettled times, we believe we have the right combination to weather the storm and will be among the best positions to preserve and succeed over the long-term. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor and good morning everyone. I would first like to echo Conor’s sentiments on the Kimco team and the incredible efforts put forth during these challenging times. It has been nothing short of inspirational. On the business side, our strategy has been fairly straightforward; ensure the maximum amount of liquidity and balance sheet strength to enable us to be opportunistic at the appropriate time. We are confident that we have successfully accomplished the first part of the equation, and now we remain patient and ready for the latter. Thus far, the transaction market has been fairly limited, with most owners and lenders biding as much time as possible before deciding on the path forward with their assets. Multi-tenant strip center transactions were down by 80% to 90% from April through July. This is coming off a vibrant and active January and February, which was up 30% and 16% year-over-year. The majority of the deals that did close from April to June were pre-COVID deals that were pushed over the finish line with both sides of the deal willing to compromise to get it done. Post COVID deals hitting the market have been sparse, with a few exceptions being smaller essential retailer anchored centers that have a very specific reason to consider a sale. There has been very little capitulation between buyers and sellers in the bid ask at this point. We anticipate that come the fourth quarter and into the early parts of 2021, there may be some private owners and operators that ultimately make the decision to be market sellers. That being said, we're starting to see investment opportunities loosening up in two distinct categories. First, with our existing retailers, liquidity is more important than ever, regardless of what category they operate within, and all are looking to bolster cash and strengthen their balance sheets. We have a proven history of unlocking value, and working with retailers to weather a crisis and have started having multiple discussions around mutually beneficial ways to work with those companies that are real estate rich. Between owned stores and distribution centers, there is substantial value in their holdings that can be used to enhance value for their business, while providing a solid growing income stream for us. The second category is with existing owners in need of offensive growth capital. In many cases, the traditional sources of financing have dried up for retail property owners. With the exception of down the fairway, neighborhood grocery anchored or very strong credit junior lineups, lenders have become extremely cautious during this pandemic. For those like Kimco with liquidity already raised, it presents the option to invest rescue capital to those in need. And this is not specific to distressed or struggling properties. This includes major market centers with growth opportunities that need capital to execute on the vision. Whether coming in as a joint venture partner or a lender, there are excellent real estate locations that require investment capital, which we can assist with and we're having those conversations regularly. As for an update on our exploration of an investment vehicle, we have had productive conversations with multiple outside capital sources that are interested in partnering with Kimco on unique opportunities. Because the set of opportunities are wide and varied, we continue to evaluate different structures that best reward Kimco’s shareholders. We will have more updates as the plus business pipeline unfolds. While we will be thoughtful and opportunistic with where we place that capital, we are starting to build a potential pipeline for these initiatives. We believe it will take time and patience, but given our knowledge of the sector and broad relationships, we anticipate being able to unlock value for our shareholders in the coming years with this investment approach. Now, let me pass the call off to Glenn for the financial details of the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross and good morning. I’m going to focus my comments on second quarter results including accounts receivable reserves, capital market activities, and our strong liquidity positions. For the second quarter 2020, NAREIT FFO was 103.5 million or $0.24 per diluted share, as compared to 151.2 million or $0.36 per diluted share for the second quarter last year. The reduction was mainly due to an increase in credit loss reserves of 51.4 million as compared to the second quarter last year, resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. On a positive note, we delivered incremental NOI of 1.9 million from our recently completed development projects at Lincoln Square, Grand Parkway, Mill Station, and Dania Pointe. We also reduced our financing costs by 3.5 million, achieved with 8.2 million of savings from the previous redemptions of 575 million of preferred stock offset by higher interest expense of 4.7 million due to increased debt levels. It is worth noting, although not included in NAREIT FFO, but included in net income, we recognized realized gains totaling over 1o0 million or $0.44 per diluted share from the partial monetization of our Albertsons Investment, and in unrealized gains of 524.7 million on our remaining ownership stake in Albertsons. We received over 228 million in cash from these transactions and used the proceeds to reduce debt. As expected, our second quarter results were negatively impacted by the forced and voluntary closures of many of our tenants during the second quarter due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Those most affected were tenancy non-essential and included many of our small shop tenants. We have been working diligently to help as many tenants as possible with deferrals, but collectability for many is questionable and requires us to place those tenants on a cash basis. To those tenants now on a cash basis, we reserved 100% of their outstanding accounts receivable. We're continuing to monitor the situation closely. Now, let me provide some additional detail regarding the credit loss reserve for the second quarter of 2020. We recorded a $40.1 million credit loss reserve against accrued revenues during the quarter, and an additional $11.6 million reserve against non-cash straight line rent receivables. As of June 30, 2020, our total uncollectible reserve stands at 56.1 million or 32% of our pro rata share of accounts receivable. Of the total credit loss reserve, 22.5 million is attributable to tenants on a cash basis. At the end of 2Q, 2020, approximately 6.4% of our annual base rents are from cash basis tenants. Any collections of the reserve amounts will be included in revenues in the period received. In addition, we have a reserve of 21.6 million or 12.5% against straight line rent receivables. Turning to the balance sheet, our liquidity position remains strong with over 200 million of cash and 2 billion available on our recently closed revolving credit facility with a final maturity in 2025. During the second quarter 2020, we obtained a fully funded $590 million term loan, further enhancing our liquidity position. We subsequently repay 265 million of this term loan with proceeds from the partial Albertsons monetization during the second quarter. We finished the second quarter 2020 with consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA of 8.6 times and 9.4 times on a look through basis, which includes our preferred stock outstanding and pro rata JV debt. The increase is attributable to the credit loss reserve, which reduced EBITDA. However, if we include the realized gains from the partial monetization of the Albertsons Investment, the consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA would be 6.5 times and the look through metric would be 7.3 times level similar to the first quarter 2020 results. Our weighted average debt maturity profile as of June 30, 2020, was 10.6 years, one of the longest in the REIT industry. Subsequent to quarter-end, we issued a 2.7% $500 million green bond. Pending investment in eligible green projects, the proceeds were used to repay info to remaining 325 million outstanding on the April 2020 term-loan and the early redemption of 200 million of the $484.9 million of bonds due in May of 2021. We will incur an early redemption charge of approximately 3.3 million during Q3 2020. Our consolidated debt maturity for 2021 of 425 million and our joint venture debt maturities of 195 million are quite manageable given our liquidity position and availability on our $2 billion revolver and availability on the $150 million revolver in our peer joint venture. In addition, we continually monitor the bond market for opportunistic entry points. As a result of the ongoing impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, we are not comfortable providing FFO or same site NOI guidance at this point. Regarding our common dividend, during 2020 we have so far paid dividends of $0.56 per common share. It remains our intention during 2020 to take cash dividends at least equal to our taxable income. We continue to evaluate the business and economic landscape and have monthly dialogue with our board regarding the timing and the level of the common dividend. Although these are challenging times, with our abundant liquidity position, highly experienced and motivated team along with our well-positioned portfolio, we are built to withstand the impact of the pandemic and thrive when we get to the other side of this unprecedented situation. And with that, we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Rich Hill from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: Good morning, guys. I want to maybe just start with a higher level question about rent deferrals and bad debt, and I'm not asking you to give a guide by any means, but I'm wondering if you can give us some historical views into how much of bad debt you ultimately end up collecting, and then how much of deferrals you might be might not collect?
Glenn Cohen: It's Glenn. I mean, it certainly varies. I mean, up until the pandemic, if you look at what we've done in the past, right, credit loss reserves has ranged somewhere in that 75 basis point range. And for the most part, that is what you really have [one round of writing-off] over time. Look, the pandemic is a lot different. You have really retailers that are closed not because they want to be closed, and not because they were in financial trouble because of the situation they've been forced to close. So, trying to estimate what the uncollectible amount is going to be is just really, really challenging. What we are doing is spending a lot of time with the tenants trying to help them since can’t stay open and give them the opportunity to get the other side to help, you know manage it as best as we can. But really, I can't actually give you a number of what we would expect here.
Rich Hill: Got it? That's helpful. I didn't want to spend a little bit of time on the COVID-19 business update in your supplemental. First of all, thank you for the detailed disclosure. It's really helpful. So, if I'm looking at your total rent collected versus deferrals, in 2Q it was 70% rent collected, almost 19% deferrals, and then in July it was 82% rent collected, and 5% deferrals. So, two questions, number one, are you converting, you know, deferrals into actual rent collections as properties and stores open up? And do you think that sort of cadence will continue for the next couple months whereby, you know, you'll have an increase in rent collections and then still some bad debt.
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, the deferrals – depending on where the deferral is, if it's a deferral that was done on a on a cash basis tenants, that's fully reserved. So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, to the extent we collect those, those are going to wind up as revenue in the period that they're collected, but, you know, again, converting deferrals to rent collection. Again, I think as Conor mentioned, the weighted average term is about nine months for all the deferrals. And a lot of the deferrals that are going to be paid really, mostly in 2021 will really come from a lot of the major tenants that we provided, you know, those rents referrals to. So, I think you'll see a fair amount of this referral get collected.
Rich Hill: Okay, fair enough. I was really trying to understand was, it looks like you have some pretty strong cadence in rent collections while deferrals are going down. And it seems like based upon the prepared remarks and what Connor was saying we would expect the rent collections to continue to rise in October, that's really what I was trying to get at.
Conor Flynn: No, that's exactly right, Rich. I think when you saw early in the pandemic, we all, you know, banded together to work with the large tenants to make sure that they have the deferrals nailed down so that we can now take the time to really help the small shop tenants, because they're going to need a longer bridge, in my opinion. So the lion's share of the big tenants have been have been taken care of in terms of deferrals and now we're crafting, you know, unique deferral programs for our small shop tenants, because in my opinion, they don't have the balance sheet, they don't have the cash on hand, and we need to do a bit more for those folks.
Rich Hill: Got it. That's really helpful, guys. I really appreciate the transparency. It's extremely helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from [Craig McGinnis] from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. I was just hoping to dig into, maybe bankruptcies a bit. I'm curious what your exposure has been to what your exposure is to those tenants so far this year, and maybe the expected impact to occupancy. Also have all those kind of been taken to a cash accounting basis? Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, I’ll start with the second part of your question. Anyone that's in bankruptcy – anyone in bankruptcy is on a cash basis, and any AR that we have from them is fully reserved. Ray, maybe you want to add about the tenants themselves.
Ray Edwards: Hi, Glenn. Yeah, sure. Hi, this is Ray Edwards. You know, last week, Taylor Brands filed for bankruptcy. And in all honesty, I think from the list from Kimco of tenants that we felt were at risk and that would be filing during COVID other than, you know, maybe AMC which restructured their debt, we think that, you know, we've kind of hit the top of the top major tenants of ours that we're concerned about. And I think the exposure, Glenn, you can correct me, for the tenants that filed was about like 2.5% of ABR, something like that.
Glenn Cohen: That's 2.3.
Ray Edwards: Modest.
Conor Flynn: So the only other point I would add Ray, and I think you've made this point before is that the majority of tenants that have filed due to the pandemic have been more of a reorganization. They've been a debt for equity type of exchange, and you know, there have been some store closures that come along with that, but they've been focusing on keeping their best performing stores. And luckily, thanks for our transformed portfolio, you know, we haven't been impacted as significantly from those store closures.
Ray Edwards: That's correct. And for example, with [GMC], which is actually a small tenant for us, but we had about 50 odd locations with them. They filed their motion and the motion to assume lease and includes about 44 of our 50 odd leases with them. So, we have – number of leases we think will be assumed by the tenants and operating on the other side of their bankruptcy.
Rich Hill: Okay, thanks. And then just a follow up on leasing, spreads are obviously quite healthy this quarter. I'm just wondering how much of that was due to discussions that were, kind of already in place ahead of COVID-19 issues, and then kind of expectations on leasing volumes and spreads into the back half the year?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, great question.
Dave Jamieson: Sure. Yeah. This is Dave Jamieson. So, in terms of our spreads this quarter, the majority of those leases were pre-COVID negotiated leases that were in process at the time prior to the pandemic hitting. So, obviously it should quite well. As related to a go forward basis, you know, I've said consistently in the past, it's always dependent on the population on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So, it can vary fairly dramatically. One by the number of deals you do; and two, by those deals that qualify as a comp spread. That said, our below market portfolio, you know enables us to absorb a bit of a cushion, if there is a slight decline and still get that positivity out of a new lease that is executed. So, we do feel good and comfortable going for that we still should have some momentum. I'd also note that on the leasing side, you know, the essential retailers, primarily grocers off price, etcetera are really looking to expand during this opportunity where they see new vacancy that might come to market with great real estate. They want to make sure that they capture those opportunities to extend their market share. So, the demand side will be there. We've seen it already with our anchor, anchor occupancy obviously holding flat year-over-year, which is quite positive. And on the small shop side, you know you referenced the bankruptcy and – as bankruptcies and as those spaces do become available, it does give us that chance to upgrade into a more well-capitalized retail tenant. So that is – could be another positive on a go forward.
Rich Hill: Thanks Dave.
Operator: Next question comes from Christine McElroy from Citi. Please go ahead.
Christine McElroy: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Conor, you've been pretty vocal about national credit tenants needing to pay. I'm sure your approach to your tenants has evolved as the pandemic has evolved. What's your approach today in regard to that, you know, national tenant base that hasn't paid, how successful has it been? Are you in litigation with any tenants today or do you expect to need to go that route at some point?
Conor Flynn: Yeah. Hi, Christy. Yeah, we have been, I would say firm, but fair with our national credit tenants. You know, we continue to think that, since the beginning of this, it's really their responsibility to pay, so that we can use our balance sheets to go and help those small shops that are most in need. And I'm very pleased, you know, with the team performance of having all of our tenants that were deemed non-essential that we're in our top 100 have been put on deferral plans to help them in time of need. So, you know, it showcases a lot in terms of the partnership that we have with our retailers. We're not in any litigation. We don't plan to be. We've worked through it, you know, it's been very challenging times, very stressful times for all those involved, but we look at each tenant individually, each lease individually, and we try and come up with a mutually beneficial agreement that gives us the ability to potentially loosen up some lease restrictions, some potential for some redevelopment in the future. And, you know, in terms of the deferral plans, I've been very pleased with what we've been able to achieve. And the lion's share of our big tenants have actually performed and have done quite well in this and have been paying their rent. And so, you know, it allows us now to really focus and help those small shop tenants in times of need.
Christine McElroy: Okay, thanks. And then just in terms of the [sub-dividend] that you expect to pay later this year to satisfy taxable income, when you ultimately announced it, should we look at it as just that a true-up or do you expect to reset it at a point where you believe it will be at a sustainable level into 2021?
Conor Flynn: Christy it’s a really good question and it's one that we have constant dialogue with our board about and so when we're ready to reinstate it, we'll make sure that, you know the board has communicated clearly of how we believe the dividend should be looked at. Obviously, we know the dividend is important to our investor base. We want to reinstate it at the appropriate time when we feel like we have visibility into the future cash flow projections and it better will be well covered so that it can be in a position to grow in the future.
Christine McElroy: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Derek Johnson from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Derek Johnson: Hi, everyone. Good morning and thank you. So, as I looked at the [SOP] SOP on Page 33, you know, I was wondering, you know, if you can give some color on the 20 million delta between the 56 million bills and potentially uncollected – and the 35 million potentially uncollectable.
Glenn Cohen: Let's see. The 56 million of uncollectable that is the full reserve; both consolidated and pro rata share. And it includes both, you know, it includes both the amounts for anyone that's a cash basis tenants. I think, I mentioned in my opening remarks. About 22.5 million of that reserve relates to tenants that are a cash basis. And then the balance of it is, the other tenants where we've done our full analysis on the reserves themselves. And we could give you some insight as to how we calculated that reserve, if that would help you a little bit. And I'm going to actually let Kathleen Thayer, kind of give you a little bit of insight into that.
Kathleen Thayer: Good morning. So, as Glenn mentioned, we assess all of our tenants from a cash basis perspective, but in-light of the pandemic, we obviously needed to look further into our tenants. So, we rent actually on a lease by lease level, and assessed each of our tenants from a risk perspective. And this was done at various levels throughout, you know, the company all the way through their regional Presidents as well as Dave Jamieson. And the assessment entails looking at the industry the tenant was in, the location that the tenant was in, past performance in terms of payments, the operating status overall the tenant and then just in general, you know, conversations we've been having with the tenant through the pandemic or perhaps even the lack thereof, if they've been, you know, radio silent on us. And so, with those risk assessments, that allowed us to determine what an overall general reserve would be on our AR, as well as our deferred receivable and our straight line receivable. And so those general reserves represented about 50% on the AR on deferred side of what we took for Q2, and about 67% on the straight line side, for what we took in Q2.
Derek Johnson: Thank you for color on the process. Switching to development and has continued development at Boulevard and you did mention Dania Pointe Phase 2 and 3 in the opening comments, have completion dates been pushed back here, is the first part? And then secondly, you know, given the pandemic and how our net effective rent discussions, you know, and development yields kind of being impacted versus pre-COVID underwriting?
Dave Jamieson: Sure, this is Dave Jamieson. So, in terms of The Boulevard as Conor mentioned in his prepared remarks, we did get the temporary CEO for the Shop Rite grocer, and we anticipate them opening in the back half in the fall of this year. So, that's going to be a real positive with the balance of the retail tenants really scheduled in 2021. On an IRR basis, if you have some delays and tenant openings, obviously that additional time will have some nominal impact, but when we look at the quality and the strength of these two projects, The Boulevard Dania Pointe, long-term value is exceptional. And that's really how we look at it. You know, these are projects that we will hold indefinitely and so there's no short-term exit plan there. In terms of the Dania, you know, the activity there is going quite well with 15 active projects, tenant project fit outs, underway right now, and even for the few tenants that we've actually gotten back where we hadn't actually done or started to fit out work for them, there's been a number of retailers and other uses interested in backfilling that space, and we're at least with several of those locations already. So, again, long-term when you have a project of that size and scale sitting along II-95 with 240,000 cars a day driving past it, you have to think beyond the short-term disruption here and really think about the quality of that real estate and the project into the future and it's going to be quite exceptional. So, we feel very good about it.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, just to add on to that. The completion dates are both have not been pushed, because we haven't able to actually get waivers for The Boulevard to continue to construct during the pandemic and Dania continued to construct during the pandemic. It's the rent commencement dates that Dave was referencing that will be pushed a little bit there and we anticipate it being a, you know, major contributor to 2021.
Derek Johnson: Thanks so much, everyone.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Well, thank you. I mean, it sounds going forward that, you know, we might have a little more challenge from occupancy and the small shops than the anchors or the total portfolio. I'm wondering if you think that the small shop decline that you experienced this quarter will be replicated in the second half of the year, or do you think that your efforts may help shorten up?
Conor Flynn: Great question, Craig. You know, our hope is that, you know, it won't continue to decline as it has. 135 basis points of the decline over this current year has been related to those bankruptcies that have occurred, but also past bankruptcies that have already previously filed like peer 1, Charming Charlies via the vacating of Dress Barn cetera. So that was a really big contributor in the first half that we started to see that slide, but you know, our efforts have been extensive and far reaching in terms of retention in the small shops and we want to absolutely do everything we can possibly can to retain those tenants and really help them bridge to the other side because it really is unfortunate that, you know, this short-term disruptions had such an impact on them, but net-net in the long-term, if we can retain those tenants and help them thrive on the back end of this, you know, we're all better off. I think a big thing to note as well is just the big difference between the Great Recession and now is the quality of our real estate. You know, we had a much larger portfolio at the time spread across a much larger part of the country. And now, with our really refined portfolio of high-quality assets about 400 in the Top 20 markets, I think some of the resiliency that we're starting to see from those positions is a real positive, again, with the anchor side holding flat year-over-year. So, you know, as we do get the vacancy back, the demand, we feel confident we’ll be there, and you know, we’ll push the other side.
Ray Edwards: Craig, we are encouraged by the small shops adoption of curbside pickup. I think that's, you know, one of the trends that we've seen really accelerate through the pandemic. And the nice part is, is we've rolled it out now nation-wide; we've seen customers really gravitate towards it. And now that the small shops are in that program, I think that bodes well for them evolving their business model to give them a fighting chance to sort of make it through and hopefully come out the other side of this.
Craig Schmidt: Great. And then, just, you know, looking – obviously the tenants have done the best are essential and value retailers versus sort of the full price discretionary retailers. As you work to fill those vacancies, are you going to continue to focus on the essentials? Or will you open yourself up to more discretionary retailers?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Our focus has always been grocery anchored centers and our internal target goal has always been to get a grocery store into every location that doesn't currently have on. So, we'll continue to make that a priority. We have long extensive conversations with them about the opportunities for them to expand. And for a lot of the essentials, you know, the change in format is active. It was happening pre-COVID; it's happening during COVID; and will continue post-COVID. So, you know, where you saw – where an opportunity you thought may not have existed in the past, it's now become a real opportunity because, to Conor’s point, they're adapting their business models or they are finding new ways in which to attract customers which has different needs than there were in the past, so that will always be a big focus of ours.
Craig Schmidt: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Alexander Goldberg from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning and I hope everyone has power, at least generator. So, two questions, first, Glenn, on the dividend, going back to Christy's question, how much your taxable income this year is driven by actual cash versus it's driven by, you know, rent deferrals where you didn't restructure the leases, so they don't – so effectively the leases still count as taxable even though you're not necessarily getting the cash currently. Just sort of curious what the delta is on that and how that drives your dividend decisions?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I mean, the bulk of what we have is the cash that is collected. I mean, you see the amount of reserves. The reserves themselves are the portion that has not been collected thus far. And those reserves are not taxable deductions until you would actually write them off, but the bulk of what we had is cash collection.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So basically, you're not – essentially your dividend decision is one based on cash. It's not like you're forced to pay something for rent that you haven't received, but are deferred?
Glenn Cohen: No, no. We – again, we also – you have to keep in mind we also have a fair amount of tax strategies. I mean that the bigger question is, we have the gains from Albertsons and we need to be able to shelter those gains, which we – we have a variety of tax strategies that we are going to employ to actually be able to shelter those gains in addition to the gains that come from the rest of the business.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then, the second question is going back to the curbside and dine-out or takeaway service that the restaurants have employed, do you guys have a sense of how much your tenants were able to offset, you know, their traditional shopping or traditional restaurant business by implementing curbside and dine-out? Just sort of curious, you know – I mean, we've seen stats, you know, [indiscernible] put out a PowerPoint with a number of, you know, stats from various retailers and how much business, you know, the stores are picking up by online orders, people picking up in store. But on an economic basis, do you guys have any sense for the impact and how much the tenants have been able to recover through these two, you know, curbside and takeaway service?
Conor Flynn: Sorry, I just lost power on you, my bad. Just kidding. No, it's a great question and it is – it really does vary tenant-by-tenant. So, there's a lot of anecdotal information, you know, that we've been getting that curbside and outdoor seating has been extremely helpful in trying to generate sales when they've had to keep their indoor dining closed. So, we do know that it's been having – it's been beneficial there and we have gotten calls from retail tenants asking specifically to expand curbside stalls in certain locations for them and/or they would sponsor and contribute to adding new locations on the curbside. So, we know from that information that it actually has been, you know, quite helpful to them and helping bridge to the other side, but it's – you know, at this point, we don't have any hard data to suggest, you know, how much it's offset, you know, loss from sales indoor inside a restaurant. I'd also say actually in speaking to some restaurants, they've identified, you know, the best selling items on their menu or other ways in which they could actually improve profitability and how they can run their restaurant into the future versus how they historically had been doing it. And some have been seeing a real net benefit there because, you know, the staff required to say, run a new model is a fraction of what it was to do a full fit out service. So, some of them are actually taking this as the opportunity to sit back and say, hey, we can actually do a little bit better here if we adjust XYZ and that might be their new format going forward. And so, you know, we want to stay very close to them, but that's what we've been hearing.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Ki Bin Kim from Truist. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to go back to your comments about possibly investing or lending into your tenants using some third-party capital, can you just provide some more details behind it? I wasn't sure if you're referring to, you know, select cases within your portfolio that tenants that might need it? Or were you thinking kind of bigger picture things like what authentic brands has done actually investing into a brand or a chain?
Conor Flynn: Sure, Ki Bin. I'm happy to jump into that one. So, there's obviously two different programs and what I was referring to is, on the investment side of looking to help secure real estate solutions for these retailers. That's obviously different than the TAP program and other ways that we've helped to, you know, bridge the gap for these retailers through the pandemic, but what we've done for – you know, the history of our plus business for several decades is invest in retailers that are real estate rich and there's obviously a variety of ways to do that. The Albertsons investment being the most notable, but over the years, we've done a variety of investments whether it be sale leaseback opportunities, other forms of financing with the real estate as collateral and that's really what we're looking for in terms of future investment categories. With the authentic brands, the Simon, you know, Brookfield, I think they're probably looking at it a little bit of a different way. I don't know exactly the way that they structure their deals, but we're going to make sure that the investments that we make are very much on the offensive where we are doing it in a way that we are able to control a significant amount of retail or real estate, I should say, and not necessarily doing it in a way to preserve, you know, cash flow for those retailers. But that obviously, would be an added bonus to that situation. But we have a variety of conversations, if you'd imagine, with our 3,500 plus retailers in our portfolio, many of which own real estate that they're looking at ways to explore enhancing their liquidity through utilization of that real estate.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thanks. And do you have any sense for your small shop tenants? What the occupancy cost ratios look like and for the rent they're paying? I'm just trying to get a sense of when they don't pay rent, like how much does that actually help them in terms of their overall cost structure?
Conor Flynn: So, again, it's different on use type of operation, how they've set themselves up, you know, where their primary drivers of revenues are? But, you know, rent and labor, labor is actually a very big cost component to the restaurants that they have to be mindful of. So, when they've had to close and then they've had to look to re-staff, there's a big startup costs that you have to be mindful of. And in certain areas as well, like California where there's been the openings and the re-closings, you've had to revamp your supply chain to get it fully staffed and then had to shut down again, put pressures on them as well in the short term from a cash flow standpoint. So, those are the biggest components for the restaurant side.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Wes Golladay from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just wondering with COVID here for another quarter, I know [it’s not going] away anytime soon, are you looking to change the scope of additional phases of your mixed use projects? And could COVID actually accelerate some of your projects? I remember you had a few that have some [townhome] capabilities.
Glenn Cohen: It's a great question. I hope it's only a quarter that we have left with COVID. I think that would be a good end result, but we’re anticipating it might be a little bit longer than that. But in terms of our phasing, yes, from the very beginning of our Signature Series, we always wanted to ensure we have [indiscernible] opportunities and where we can phase the projects dependent on demand, depending on market cycles and conditions so we can accelerate and/or decelerate as needed. No different now on a go forward basis. Right now, at our Pentagon, where we have the Witmer, which is a fully stabilized multi-family project, we're currently doing underground utility work to prep the opportunity for the second tower at that project, which is where the National Landing Amazon headquarters is, that’s directly across the street. There we see, you know, great opportunities into the future with Amazon, I think, having over 1,000 hires already and the demand drivers being there. But that said, you know, we're just doing the underground utility work in preparation to move forward. But that's still a decision that we have to make into the future and we'll continue to evaluate as the markets evolve and that's how we'll always continue these large scale projects.
Ross Cooper: And Wes, this is Ross. I mean, the only thing I would add to that is where you might see an acceleration and we have seen an acceleration is our efforts on the entitlement side. So, while we're not necessarily going to activate or green light additional projects in the midst of the pandemic, we have seen historically during times of disruption where the cooperation with the municipalities and the local jurisdictions is actually enhanced during these challenging times. So, we're at full speed ahead on continuing to hit, you know, our goals of continuing to increase the amount of residential units and other uses for these projects going forward.
Wes Golladay : Okay, got it. And then turn into the existing tenant base, do you have a timeframe where you think you’ll resolve all these tenants that you're [indiscernible] for on a cash basis? Is there a bit moratoriums against you’re kicking some of them out? Are you in active conversations with most of them? And/or I guess when you look at these tenets, are most of them open or are they in that still not open bucket?
Conor Flynn: So we're always talking to our tenants, you know, our 7,900 plus tenants in our portfolio. Our operating teams are on their phones on a daily basis talking to as many as they possibly can and our real focus right now is getting to the table those that have been somewhat quiet, the small shops that have not yet responded to some form of deferment plan. So, we'll continue our efforts there. That said, in terms of them being open, you know, there are some that are open and probably some limited capacity and how they're operating or running their business and they're focused on getting their business up and running. But it's something that we'll continue to hammer on and really, you know, that's, I’d say, our priority one, two, and three right now is to get that done.
Wes Golladay: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could just maybe talk a little bit on leasing. The earnings release mentioned that in the second quarter, there were 52 new leases and 180 renewals and options. So, I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit of the cadence of that leasing and how are the conversations now or comparing versus a year ago in terms of either of them getting closer to normal.
Conor Flynn: Sure. Yes, so, yes, 52 new leases kind of which were anchor deals. Again, the majority of those were in negotiation prior to COVID, and so, is bringing those to the finish line and getting them resolved. Again, on the renewal and the option side, I think it's a good testament to the quality of the real estate and obviously the spreads that were associated with that. I mean, those are opportunities where tenants had the chance to punch out or look for some other concession or consideration on rent, but clearly, you know, it was the appropriate rent and the right center for them to stay in and we worked, you know, hard with each of those tenants to ensure that we retain them. So, right now, I’d mentioned earlier that, you know, there is a big demand and a big push on the essential retailers looking to expand into space and they're constantly changing their format. So, that's – that has continued, you know, throughout the pandemic and we've also seen other operators even in some distress categories, such as fitness, now, the lower price providers, the cost sensitive operators actually look at space too because they see an opportunity to grab market share post-pandemic. So, you know, some of the mid-priced guys have had pressures, you know, 24-hour filed bankruptcy, so some of these other retail categories are seeing that opportunity that, you know, coming out of this, they could really expand their market share within any given trade area. So, we expect, you know, this conversation to continue and we want to stay very, very close to those and even if they aren't expanding today, but they're well capitalized and we'll have a real plan into the future. We want to make sure we're close to them as well.
Caitlin Burrows: I guess also as you were saying that some of those leases that were completed in the second quarter were already in conversation like pre-COVID that, I guess, would suggest that then there with a dip in conversation after that, have you – to what extent have you seen those conversations increase again? I know you kind of just talked about it, but I guess with that angle, anything else to add?
Glenn Cohen: No, I wouldn't say there's been a dip necessarily, it's just the timing of getting the deals executed, and the negotiation, you know, [indiscernible] with any given tenant. We hosted a virtual deal making call in June with – you know, as a full day of, you know, 30 plus retailers and having conversations across the country, all are looking for opportunities to expand, so it's just been ongoing.
Conor Flynn: Maybe one another thing I would add is…
Caitlin Burrows: Okay, and then – yes.
Conor Flynn: At a time like this, we’re really focused on retention. We adopt the phrase, love the one you're with, and you're going to see us continue to work on retention as much as possible. And then, as Dave said, it's pretty exciting to see, you know, the essential retailers and we've seen this before in past dislocations where retailers that are thriving in a time of disruption, they look to upgrade their real estate; they look to upgrade their own store locations. And so, it's nice to be in a position where the portfolio has been transformed and we're seeing increased demand because retailers are trying to upgrade their locations.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. And then just maybe quickly for the Q2 that was 70% collected on the rent side and 18% deferral, any other update you can give for that remaining 12%, if there's been like the pace of progress or the outlook there?
Conor Flynn: Yes. We were – I think I mentioned it a little bit on the previous question from the last caller is that that's our focus to get them all to the table, to get them resolved on those discussions. So, that's going to be an ongoing effort. That's related to some of the smaller shop retailers that have been silent through this process and wanting to make sure that we work out a plan, you know, collectively that works both for them and for us so that we provide that bridge to get them to the other side. So, well – that's a top priority in terms of our efforts on the operating side.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay, thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Mike Mueller from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Thanks. Hey, Glenn, how did the green bond pricing compared to what you could have done with a traditional bond?
Glenn Cohen: It’s a great question. You know, I would say a couple of things about the bond itself. You know, spreads have widened out so much and part of the objective of issuing this bond was to try and help reset our entire bond complex, which is what happened. I would tell you that being one of the first green bonds to be done in months was actually very helpful and what we saw was a lot of demand. So at peak on a $300 million announced deal, we had $1.8 billion of [orders] and that gave us a chance to – you know, again, the more volume and the larger size book you have, gives you the chance to really reduce your pricing, which is what we did. It's very hard to pinpoint how many basis points it's saved relative to what a regular bond would have done, but I would tell you that there were least a dozen funds that had green initiatives that were in this deal. So I would say it definitely had some benefit too, it’s for sure, but, you know, it's very hard to pinpoint an exact number, but it definitely helped. And the bonds – the nice part is the bonds have really traded very well and the whole bond – our whole bond complex has really come back to, you know, not quite as low as it was, but to much better levels. I mean, the bonds we issued four weeks ago were at [210] over. They are trading today in the 170s. So, the objective really was to kind of reset the curve and that's been accomplished, so we feel good about that.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay. And then on the go forward dividend, not the 2020 true-up, how's the Board thinking about that? Is the goal going to be to, you know, set it as low as possible just to maximize as much retained cash flow? Is that going to be the [bias work]?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I mean, I think what we've talked about is to have a dividend that would be really no more than 80% of [FAB] and, you know, if it's – if it can be lower, fine, but that's kind of the target and that's what we've talked about for a long time. So, I think as we reset it, that's probably the level that we'll look towards.
Mike Mueller: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Floris van Dijkum from Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I thought, Conor, in the comment you mentioned you had about the 20 million of PPP estimated funds for your small shop tenants was really interesting. That shows you, also, I think that you're probably perhaps closer to your tenants or have been working more closely with them than some others. Remind me again – most of your small shop tenants had security deposits. I don't believe your national tenants tend to have security deposits. Have you applied any deposits for any of the cash rent collection? And how do you think about that as the PPP funds, you know, are used up? How would you look at that relative to the deposits that you have on for your small shop tenants? And how do you have them replenish their deposits with you going forward?
Glenn Cohen: It's Glenn. I mean I’d say, we have not really applied a lot of those security deposits against their rent yet. We're trying to still work through, you know, what we've done with deferrals. So, we have left that there. You know we will use them if they go to bankruptcy or if they just leave altogether, we’ll offset it, but in most cases, the security deposits are not, you know the preponderance of [indiscernible] right here. In many cases, you're looking at, you know, one to three months of security deposits, so it's not a significant amount that you would really be applying into the entire lease.
Floris van Dijkum: Fair enough. And Conor, maybe – I mean, the other thing you mentioned you want to, you know, focus more of your time going forward on your small shop tenants. Presumably, this is where you're going to see some level of abatements going forward as well. How do you – how flexible will you be with your tenants? And is that really dependent on how you view them, how important you view them for each center? Or do you have any sort of, you know, big picture thinking beyond that?
Conor Flynn: Yes. No, it's a good question, Floris. And we work as a team to go through each tenant individually lease-by-lease because, you know, it really depends on the local spots that they're in, the rent versus market, the business that they had pre-COVID, the type of use to make sure that we have the best merchandising mix to drive as much traffic at all points a day to the shopping center. And there's no question that small shops are always impacted the most in these types of dislocations, and so we're going to have to do more, there's no question about it. And that's why we've been repeatedly saying that that's where our focus is now. Now that we've got the Top 100 really nailed down, we feel like we can really take our effort, talk to them on a daily basis, making sure we understand what they're facing and give them the best opportunity to make it to the other side. So, it's been an effort that the whole team has combined to really push. Obviously, our TAP program goes a long way with tenant tracking to understand what they're facing and how do we navigate the government programs that are available and then what can we do as a landlord to also help them. So, it's not like sort of a silver bullet out there. We just sort of take all the efforts that we have and try and do everything we can to retain as much as possible and help them to the other side.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. And last question for me, I guess in terms of this – the fund opportunity, would you consider maybe doing some sale leasebacks for some of the tenant-owned real estate that potentially gets more credit risk on your book as well? Or would you look at specific assets where you really love the real estate and you're willing to own that real estate even with a credit quality that might not be as pristine as maybe it was a couple years ago?
Ross Cooper: Yes. No, it's certainly a combination of factors that we evaluate when making those investment decisions. At the end of the day, we've always been all about the value and the basis of the real estate and [the dirt]. So, we're obviously looking at credit quality; we're looking at location; we're looking at the pricing; we're looking at the yield. And when you factor all those together, we're trying to make investment decisions that have long-term value creation opportunities. So, there may be some opportunities with credits that were once a bit more pristine than they are today in this environment, but that doesn't mean that some of the real estate that they control is not, you know, A plus stuff. So, we're very much looking at all those factors and we think that we'll have some things to talk about in the coming months and quarters.
Floris van Dijkum: Thanks, Ross.
Operator: Next question comes from Linda Tsai from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi, thanks. On Page 11 of your NOI disclosure, it shows reimbursement income increasing in the quarter and then also on year-to-date basis, what's driving that? Hello?
Conor Flynn: Hi, can you repeat that, Linda?
Linda Tsai: Oh! Okay, sorry. So, on Page 11 of your NOI disclosure, reimbursement income increased in the quarter and then also on a year-to-date basis, what's driving that?
Glenn Cohen: Tough to get into the detail a little bit. But again, it really is just – it's the recovery amounts that we have collected relative to – you know, just relative to the billings that we put out during the quarter. I don't think there's anything – there's nothing major in it, nothing really significant that I would point you to. I think it's more normal timing than anything else.
Linda Tsai: Got it. And then, one of your peers talked about occupancy hitting the high 80s in the first half of 2021, any color you could provide on this metric headed into next year?
Glenn Cohen: You know, I think for us, it will – right now it did, so let's observe and see how the balance of this year plays out, you know, with the pandemic and the disruption that it could have on the retailers. So I would say it's a little too early to tell. I mean, obviously, our goal is to maximize retention and increase occupancy as best as we can. So we continue to put forth, you know, all of our efforts to do that. But I'd say right now, you know, we're trying to stay focused on the present and while looking towards the future.
Linda Tsai : Thanks. Just a last one, are there certain retail categories you see is generally having a wider swath of better capitalized tenants? Or does it just boil down to having winners and losers in any given category?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I mean, there are – there's always winners and losers. You know, there is – and those change over time. You know, do they have, you know, the right format and the right supply chain and the right vision for the future? Are they led by good merchants to understand exactly how the retailer can adapt to the changing needs of the customer? But then it all is driven by the balance sheet, right? How well capital are they? How are they determined to deploy that capital for growth mode? How are they using omni-channel? So there's numerous factors and I think you can probably go through every category and see the winners and losers and it's really – it's broken down between those that are well-capitalized with a strong vision versus those that are undercapitalized or overextended with that and haven't made the necessary investments to evolve with the future and the change.
Conor Flynn: And Linda, just to add on your earlier question on the recovery, CapEx recoveries is what's driving that.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Vince Tibone from Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Vince Tibone: Hi, good morning. You mentioned potentially providing rescue capital to [illiquid] private real estate owners either on the equity or debt side, how are you thinking about the required returns on any new investments given where your stock is trading today? And also how much capital could you see allocating as a lender?
Conor Flynn: Yes, I mean, the hurdles are definitely higher, there's no question about it, but we are seeing opportunities that are starting to hit those hurdles. So by a way of example, you know, there are owners out there that have signed leases on redevelopment opportunities pre-COVID at very attractive yields that traditionally would have provided, you know, regular – you know, traditional lenders would have provided the capital there just not there. So, when you look at the opportunity whether it be in a preferred equity position or a [indiscernible] position at double digit, you know, yields on very high quality real estate, we would have never imagined that we would be able to participate in that even six months ago. And you couple on top of that what we're really focused on is, in many cases, you know, having the opportunity to get a [right of first refusal] on those assets in the event that the asset is sold. So, we do think that there is some very good short-term opportunities to get yield that is attractive, but also longer-term, when things normalize, the ability to potentially control that real estate down the road. I would tell you that the capital plan and how much we would be willing to invest in that is very dependent on a variety of factors. So, we watch our balance sheet very closely. Obviously, the Albertsons investment is one that provides us some flexibility with capital coming down the road that could be utilized, as well as dependent upon the ultimate structure that we put forth to invest in these types of opportunities would provide us some additional powder with outside investors. So, I can't pinpoint an exact amount, but I can tell you that the pipeline is starting to form and we want to make sure that we're there with the capital available to do so at the appropriate time.
Vince Tibone: Thanks, that's helpful color. Switch gears just for a second, how long do you think operating expenses can stay at these lower levels? I mean, when are you expecting them to kind of rebound and come to, you know, what they've been historically?
Conor Flynn: Yes, it’s an interesting question. I think when we look at the belt tightening that we've done across the portfolio and what we've been able to do in terms of the efficiencies, you know, it's our job to continue to look long and hard about how do we do more with less, how do we belt tighten for the long term. And so, you know, I think the operating expenses is one that we continue to monitor to see how we become more efficient. We've invested heavily in technology; we've invested heavily to make sure that the efficiencies gained are things that we can continue on past the pandemic, so it's not just a short-term [pop]. So, it's one that we've been monitoring closely and I think as a large national owner, we get benefits of scale there because the investments we make we can deploy and really see significant efficiencies across the whole portfolio.
Vince Tibone: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Lucas from Capital One Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Hey, good morning, everybody. I'm sorry, the call is so long, but I did have a couple of quick questions for you. You guys provided great detail in terms of the number of various categories as it relates to rent collection. I guess the one category breakdown I was surprised [I didn’t see was] was sort of national versus regional versus local tenants. Is there much variation in that or was it fairly consistent?
Conor Flynn: It really is dependent, Chris, on the category within that national, regional or local. Obviously, there's essential retailers in each of those, there's non-essentials in each of those categories. Clearly, the essentials have been gaining market share, have been dominant in this period of time where like they have a lack of a competitive set. And so, it's interesting because never before have we been in an environment where, you know, a government picks winners and losers. Somebody said the COVID-19 pandemic is extremely smart. They can tell the difference between a Target and a TJ Maxx because, you know, essential versus non-essential has been varied widely between what municipalities deem essential. So, we're trying to work with everyone as best as we can recognizing that some have been put at a disadvantage and we're doing our best to make sure those make it to the other side.
Chris Lucas: Okay, great, thank you. And then as it relates to, you know, sort of the shop space recovery, the great financial crisis really, you know, the recovery from that was driven by national kind of primarily on the shop space and the mom and pops I think were very late to the sort of recovery process. Do you see that same sort of scenario playing out as we get to the other side here? Or do you think that there's, you know, a much more balanced outcome coming from the different types of size tenants?
Glenn Cohen: I can solve with that a little bit. You know, it is interesting. There is a major difference between this pandemic and what happened in the great financial crisis and the difference is how the consumer is being handled by the government. You know, the consumers in – you know, although unemployment is still at very high levels, the consumer is being bridged here. You had unemployment insurance plus $600; you had all those PPP loans, which are really going to be grants. So the consumer is actually being bridged, where in the great financial recession, you know, it was all about saving banks and other financial system and the consumer was really left to fend for themselves. So, I think you have a better shot of, you know, those – again, a lot of these tenants, even the small shops had good solid businesses until they were forced to close. So, I think that as re-openings happen and if you get to a vaccine and things come back to normal, you do have a consumer that has a fair amount of money in their pocket. You know, there's trillions of dollars that are sitting as additional, you know, deposits today. So, I think you have a better shot at it.
Conor Flynn: Yes, the other thing, Chris is, it will really depend on the path of virus. You know, as you've seen, certain hotspots pop-up and closures [have being to], you know, come back again, the smaller shops are the ones that are most impacted by, you know, a rollback of openings. And so, you know, depending on the path of the virus going forward, clearly it will depend – you know, we'll see how those small shops are able to be viable.
Chris Lucas: Okay, great. Thank you. That's all I had this morning.
Operator: Next question comes from Tammi Fique from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tammi Fique: Thank you and good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You mentioned that 6.4% of tenants are now being accounted for on a cash basis. I guess do you have a sense for what percent of those tenants paid Q2 rents, and what percent of those tenants have paid July rents? And then, do you expect to add additional tenants to that bucket as we go through third quarter? Or do you think that 6.4% is fairly assessing the risk at the tenant base? Thank you.
Conor Flynn: Hey, Tammi. 20% of our tenants paid on our Q2 that were cash basis. That number has jumped up to 50% for July.
Tammi Fique: Great, thanks. And do you think that additional tenants will get added to the cash basis bucket as we go through the third quarter? Or do you think that 6.4% is really assessing the risk of the tenant base at this point?
Conor Flynn: You know, again, Tammi, it's going to really depend on what happens. So, if any further tenants go into bankruptcy, they're going to wind up on a cash basis. So, we're going to have to watch it pretty closely for what's happening. It really is, it's really just going to depend on how we assess collectability at each tenant that we go through each period.
Dave Jamieson: It also depends on the course of the virus. I mean, that's obviously, outside of our control. And we've been mindful that as soon as we feel like we have a good handle on our projections, then we can disclose those, but as things continue to change daily, we've just been taking it a day at a time.
Tammi Fique: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: We want to thank everybody that participated on our call today. If you have any additional follow up question, please do reach out to me or my IR department. Otherwise, please continue to be safe, social distance, and enjoy the weekend. Thank you so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Kimco's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's first quarter 2020 earnings call. From wherever you find yourself following social distancing guidelines. Honestly hosting this call remotely from our homes as a new dynamic and we hope to make the best of it. Even at the occasion of dog barking and kids yelling in the background. The Kimco management team participating on the call include Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco’s Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are available to answer questions during this call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us. Today we will take a bit of a modified approach to our quarterly call. I will give you an overview of how we have confronted the challenges posed by COVID-19 and how we plan to move forward as the country begin to re-emerge. So I will follow with a recap of the numbers for Q1 and our desirable liquidity position. First, on behalf of the entire Kimco team. I want to thank all the first responders, medical professionals, volunteers, grocery store workers and essential retailers that have risked their own personal safety to serve and help all of us. They are the true heroes, and their efforts should not be forgotten. And on a personal note, I also want to thank all of you for your support in my personal battle with the virus, your e-mails, texts, and thoughts were as powerful as any vaccinations, and were a big part of my recovery. I would also like to recognize the entire Kimco team for their tireless efforts to ensure our centers continue to provide essential goods and services to our local community. All of our centers are open and operated. And we will continue to provide our shoppers, our vendors, our employees and our extended Kimco family with a safe experience. Our best health and safety practices have been shared with companies both small and large, so that we can help those with less resources in more critical needs. As an organization we are battle tested, having successfully weathered both industry specific cycles and macroeconomic downturn. That said, this current situation is unprecedented, and poses new challenges. We have been working seamlessly and remotely since mid March, focusing all our efforts, as Milton reminds us to survive so we can thrive. Our strategy is focused on exactly that, managing through the current environment with an eye to positioning ourselves to thrive when the economy opens back up. Our strategy for dealing with COVID-19 was one we implemented quickly to try and help those most in need. Time is of the essence on all fronts, and a wait and see approach was never considered. First, we prioritize liquidity. Glenn will give the details on how we bolstered our balance sheet, which included securing a well timed term loan at very advantageous rates with extension rates with the well heeled balance sheet and cash position Kimco will not only survive, but is in a strong position to prosper. Moreover, we wanted to have available resources not only for our own use, but to help our retailers, many of whom don't have the same access to capital. Next, we refocused our operations by shifting more resources to the frontlines. Our team has worked tirelessly to develop new approaches and launch new programs that address the numerous tenant requests. Our significant investment in cloud hosted technologies from companies like Salesforce, MRI, Microsoft and Zoom has streamline our operations and created efficiencies across the organization. These investments have allowed us to roll out programs of size and scale rapidly across the country. In addition, we deployed custom developed tools to help us manage and quickly address tenant communications related to COVID-19 concerns. All this has provided us tremendous real time data that allows us to react quickly and be proactive. We have lead by example, as a number of our peers are following our leads and technology, website architecture and Tenant Assistant Programs. Our tenant assistance program or TAP is a multipronged approach to give our tenants the valuable resources in a time of need, free of charge. At the end of March, we encouraged our small shop mom and pops to embrace TAP which provides them with a free legal advisor to navigate the numerous State and Federal programs available for small businesses to help them weather the storm. We also engaged quickly to give these small businesses the opportunity to know that the rest for April was not hanging over their head, so they could focus on the government assistance programs and try and keep as many employees as possible. In addition to legal advisors, we have helped identify lenders to work with our small shop tenants applying for the PPP loan. By our last count, just under 600 tenants have participated in the program. For the month of April we have collected cash rent totaling 60% of our billed rent. We fielded rent a fro requests for 35% of scheduled rent from tenants and have worked out deferral plans that equal approximately 14% of the April rent. For the month of May we are still in the grace period for a number of leases that allow our retailers to pay over the first few weeks of the month. To-date, many rent collections are tracking near the same level of April through the first week of the month. Each of our deferral programs is confidential and catered directly to the needs of the tenants. We are in a very fluid environment and we plan to proactively address the challenges ahead by quickly implementing any required changes while keeping an eye on the long-term. As such, we don't want to speculate and instead focus on the facts and provide accurate information as the situation continues to unfold. We are working to maintain occupancy and bridge our tenants to the other side of the pandemic. We are also on the alert for dislocation opportunities. We have not seen any assets of quality trade in this environment yet, but we are ready if and when they present themselves. At the same time, until we get a clear picture of the landscape we had hit the pause button on assets we were considering adding to the portfolio before the COVID-19 crisis hit. Our development and redevelopment pipeline remains largely on-track and we are in the fortuitous position of having limited projects in the active phase. Our two main projects, Dania in Florida and Highland in Staten Island are very close to completion and will be tremendous assets for Kimco long-term. After a temporary delay, we received approvals to continue construction at the Boulevard at the former Highland shopping center as it was determined to be essential due to the ShopRite grocery anchor. We are hopeful that this signature asset will open later this year. At Dania Point, construction has been ongoing with Urban Outfitters and Anthropologie, getting to build out to their newly leased spaces. While we recognize that the pandemic may pose challenges surrounding the schedule of inspections and achieving final sign off. We remain optimistic that we are able to complete these two projects on schedule. As previously noted, we have postponed nearly a hundred million of capital expenditures originally planned for this year as a way to further our already strong liquidity position. Our strategy of focusing on grocery anchor centers and mixed use assets continues to validate our approach. These assets are outperforming, especially in this current environment. Our first two Class A Multifamily projects, Lincoln Square in the heart of Philadelphia and the Whitmer in Washington DC are both operational and despite the recent shelter in place orders, we have been able to continue leasing activity both with virtual tour. Based on the success of both the Lincoln Square and the Whitmer we are continuing to expand upon our existing 4,500 multifamily units that are currently entitled. And our new goal over the next five years is to have over 10,000 units entitled.\ Perhaps never before, has the local grocery, pharmacy and essential physical brick and mortar retail has been more important and while I anticipate eCommerce will continue to accelerate in this stay-at-home period of the pandemic, it is important to note that the lion's share of eCommerce deliveries are originating at the store base. We anticipate curbside pickup combined with click and collect to be another trend that will accelerate both during the current pandemic and on the other side. We have launched the Kimco curbside pickup program and we are already working with our tenants to implement a proprietary system to provide for curbside pickup in our parking lot. We want to help our retailers embrace the new normal of retail and help them ramp back up sales upon reopening with the full suite of services that are now expected by our shoppers. We know the road ahead is not going to be easy, but with persistence and a laser focused on what we can control, we will be in a position to thrive overtime. Glenn.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Conor, and good morning. Clearly we are all experiencing an unprecedented health crisis that is causing a global financial recession or what some may view as a global depression. It is times like these that bring out the best in all of us. I eco Conor’s sentiments and that we salute all the workers on the front lines who are caring for the sick and ensuring that we have the most vital essentials such as groceries, medicine and medical office inside supplies. And I cannot be proud of how the entire Kimco organization is handling this crisis. We are fortunate to have significantly invested in our technology infrastructure, which has enabled us to quickly convert from a multi office setting to a work-at-home environment for 500 associates within 24-hours. What was truly amazing is we have never skipped a beat. As a matter of fact, communication and productivity across the entire organization is at the highest level. We have positioned the Company to withstand the severity of the current situation and come out stronger on the other side of which I will elaborate on shortly. 2020 was off to a solid start as the first quarter results will demonstrate. Let me provide some color on the first quarter and spend some time on our balance sheet strength and significant liquidity position. As a reminder, beginning in 2020 we are reporting only on Navy defined FFO. If we recognize a unique transactional gain or charge, we will definitely be sure to point it out. Maybe the FFO came in at 160.5 million or $0.37 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2020, this compares to 158.4 million or $0.38 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2019. Our first quarter results included a decrease in NOI, 7.5 million. This decrease was driven by net disposition activity during 2019 lowering NOI by 11 4 million and higher credit loss of 2.8 million due impart from the bankruptcy filings of [PeerOne] (Ph) Modell's and Fairway. NOI benefited from 3.1 million of incremental development NOI from our Lincoln Square, Dania Point, Mill Station and Grant Parkway projects an organic rental growth of 6.1 million. FFO for the first quarter, 2020 also benefits from lower G&A expense of 4.8 million and reduced financing costs of 5.8 million with the latter resulting from the redemption of 575 million of perpetual preferred stock last year. We issued a 350 million, 3.7% 30-year bond, and 9.5 million shares of common stock at $21.03 per share to fund the preferred redemptions during 2019. The successful transformation of our operating portfolio has put us in a strong position to weather the COVID-19 impacts, but we realized there remain challenges ahead. Pro-rata occupancy stands at 96% down 40 basis points from a year-ago, but flat to 3319 results, anchor occupancy is that an impressive 98.6% down 30 basis points from year end, but up 80 basis points from a year-ago. Small shop occupancy is at 88.8% down 50 basis points from year-end primarily due to the vacates from Dress Barn and PeerOne. Pro-rata leasing spread remain strong during the quarter at 7.3% comprised of new leasing spreads of positive 13.3% in the new as an options of a positive 6.8%. Same side NOI growth was positive 1.5% for the first quarter of 2020 versus a comp of 3.7% in the same quarter last year primarily driven by minimum rent increases which contributed 230 basis points and increased percentage rent which added 30 basis points. What is setting these increases in same site NOI is higher credit loss from the bankruptcy as previously mentioned. All-in-all a solid first quarter. Now let's spend some time on our balance sheet and sizeable liquidity position. During the first four months of 2020 we had significantly fortified our liquidity position with the execution of four key transactions. In January, we completed a 225 million refinancing for our care joint venture comprised of a $75 million five-year unsecured term loan maturing mortgage debt and a new 150 million four-year plus when your option unsecured revolving credit facility with zero drawn on it. The pricing for the term loan is at LIBOR plus 135 with the revolver pricing of LIBOR plus 120 basis points. This February, we completed a new $2 billion revolving credit facility priced at LIBOR plus 77.5 basis points. June 2025 including options and replaced our previous $2.2 billion revolver, which was scheduled to mature in March of 21. We ended the first quarter with 675 million drawn, including 300 million drawn in mid-March as a precautionary measure, as the COVID-19 crisis was unfolding. Earlier this month we subsequently retained this 300 million. In April we closed on a new $75 million mortgage on a joint venture property, replacing a $66 million secured loan. That was the largest individual joint venture debt that was scheduled to mature in 2020. The new seven-year loan has a fixed rate coupon of 3.13% and then lastly in April, we completed a new $590 million term loan priced at LIBOR plus 140 basis points with 15 banks participating. This loan has a final maturity date in April of 2022, as of today, we have nearly 600 million of cash on the balance sheet. 1.6 billion of availability on our revolving credit facility and over 320 unencumbered assets, which represents approximately 80% of our total NOI. Combined, we have the most liquidity by far of any REIT in the open air sector, and it puts us in excellent shape to expand the prices, assist our tenants who need the most help and provide maximum flexibility to be opportunistic should suitable transactions arise. Our weighted average debt maturity profile is 10.1 year, one of the longest in the entire REIT industry, and we only have 114 million of pro-rata debt maturing for the remainder of 2020. In addition, we have significant cushion with respect to our bank and bond covenants, and are confident that we could accept the unsecured bond market, if we deemed it desirable. As previously announced. As a result of the uncertainty and lack of visibility regarding the extent of the COVID-19 impact, we have withdrawn guidance for 2020. In addition out of abundance of caution, the Board just decided to temporarily suspend the accounting dividend. The Board will monitor our performance and economic outlook on a monthly basis and intend at a later date to reinstate the common dividend during 2020 to an amount at least equal to our REIT taxable income. Certainly, there are many unknowns, including the timing of the country reopening, the pace of getting back to some semblance of a new normal, and the financial health of specific companies, but we remain confident that with our abundant liquidity position, long debt maturity profile, superior portfolio and incredible team, we will as Milton says, not only survive, but thrive. And with that, we would be happy to take your questions.
Conor Flynn: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to offer a reminder that you may ask a question with an additional follow-up. If you have further questions, you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Grant, you may take the first caller in the Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Christine McElroy with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Christine McElroy: Hi, good morning and thank you. So Conor, just this is for you. We have seen April collection rates from you and all of your peers. The variance among the group is not that wide, but it is there. How should be investment community be looking at April collections in the context of what is the most important thing is which is ultimately the entire collectability of these rents. So, some national tenants are playing hardball, but should ultimately be in a position to pay, while local or and maybe regionals are getting a little bit more support from the government and landlords, so what are sort of the most important factors we should be considering ultimately?
Conor Flynn: Yes. Hi, Christy. It is a good question. I think it is so early on, in the pandemic, the first month of collections that everybody is tracking should be taken with a grant assault I think, because the real question mark was how long this will last and how deep it will go. And so we are still sort of in the early innings of it. And you are spot on in terms of the lion's share of what we did early on, was to help our small shop tenants, because we felt we have been pretty clear from the get go, that we think our large national retailers who have the balance sheets and the cash on hand positions to pay their rent, should pay their rent. So we can use our balance sheet to go and help the small shops, the ones that don't have the balance sheet or the cash positions to weather the storm. And so the first month that you are seeing being reported, I would say that the lion's share of the numbers that are reported, probably capture something similar where the bigger players are paying a portion or all of their rents. And then the smaller mom and pops are probably working through this to try and make sure that they survive and get to the other side of it. So as it progresses I think obviously May will be important than June, and the reopening will be critical, right. So you have started to see now a few states start to reopen. And anecdotally, we have heard a few of our retailers from store managers say that so far so good. They have been pleasantly surprised. So we continue to monitor the situation, but again take it with a grant assault that it is extremely early.
Christine McElroy: Okay. And then about half of your projected CapEx reduction in leasing CapEx. How much of this is a function of just you expect lower leasing volume in this environment versus a concerted effort to pull back on leasing incentives. And in that context, how much does the current environment, where many tenants are not respecting that long-term lease contract, how does that change your view on the economics and the risk associated with some of these upfront leasing costs and how much you are willing to invest?
Dave Jamieson: Hey Christie, it is Dave. So it is a bit of a layered question. So let me just try to break it down a little bit to make sure I address everything that you did ask. As it relates to the leasing CapEx right now a lot of that is deferred CapEx. Not necessarily, we won't be doing, but we will probably be pushing to 2021. We are anticipating that there will be some delays in terms of RCD commencements and or the leasing volume itself maybe accelerated in the back half of this year as we started to get better visibility into the situation with COVID and reopening of markets then targeting those retailers that are actively looking to expand, because there are a number of them that are looking this as a real opportunity to continue to strengthen their own brick and mortar portfolios. So that is where we will typically see it, you know as it relates to you know, sourcing of deals and how we evaluate new deals going forward. We have always taken a very hard look at the quality of the tenant and their balance sheet and that will continue throughout this. It is always been a historic focus, and it will remain a focus, because it is really at these times is where that matters most. And in those with the strong balance sheet and great operating fundamentals will be the ones that continue to thrive, during this time and then on the back end of it as well.
Christine McElroy: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Greg McGinniss with Scotia. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning Glen. Kimco has done a really good job in making sure that it has the liquidity to survive and this is not necessarily a unique position for Kimco operating in this difficult environment, but how are you thinking about managing leverage throughout the shutdown once we get onto the other side of this pandemic and then Ross, you wouldn't mind commenting on the transaction environment, your ability to help fund any expenses with dispositions that would be appreciated as well. Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Hi Greg. I mean look, leverage always continues to be a focus for us. The liquidity that we have right now has not had an impact on leverage, because it is really net debt right. You have cash that we have put on the balance sheet, or debt that we repaid with some of that liquidity. So leverage really hasn't moved in and you see that both in the numbers at the end of the first quarter and where I would expect it to be even at the end of the second quarter. Again, leverage is an important thing, we will keep a very close eye on it. We are a strong BBB plus BAA1 rated company, which is important to us. We still have desires to get us to a positive outlook. And I think we are doing really all the right things around that, where the Rating Agencies will see a difference. I mean they are tapping the bank market and having 15 banks participate in this environment, is fairly unique. I do feel, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that we have clear access to the bond market. If we wanted to do it. And so again we feel like we are in pretty good shape on that standpoint and leverage will continue to be a focus of trying to reduce it further.
Ross Cooper: Again as it relates to the second part of the question, I would just say that the current market is really taking a bit of a wait and see approach to really better determine the longer term impacts to cash flow, to tenancy. We have seen a few smaller deals trying to structure around the situation with master leases, escrows or hold backs, but it is really a pretty diminimus component of the overall transaction market. In terms of our own portfolio and utilizing dispositions, I mean, we are extremely confident in the portfolio transformation that we have undertaken over the last five to seven years. As you know, our intent coming into this year pre-COVID was to have a very modest level of dispositions. And really that hasn't changed even in the midst of this. You will see a very light second and third quarter from a disposition and transaction overall standpoint for Kimco as we get into the fourth quarter. And we may evaluate a couple of deals if the market defrosts to a certain extent, but we do not anticipate utilizing dispositions as a major funding mechanism in any meaningful way.
Greg McGinniss: Great. Thanks. And Conor, you have shown a clear focus on helping out the smaller shop tenants. And I'm just curious how successful your tenants have been at obtaining the PPP funds with guidance from the Tenant Assistant Program. Do you have any stats on maybe how many tenants have applied for and received funds?
Conor Flynn: It is obviously something we focus on and I will tell you that the first round was uninspiring, because typically as you have seen some of those stats come out, it is sort of reflected exactly what we saw in our small shop tenants that around 5% of them were only successful in the first round. But the good news is we have seen, quite a few be, very successful in the round following it. And we think that since they have made tweaks to the program and it is been more focused on the small shop, and the small restaurant and the mom and pop, we think that they have the tools now to get through the window and be successful on obtaining those funds. So we are cautiously optimistic that obviously they did it extremely fast and had to get it out there and they were some loopholes in there that people took advantage of. But now we think that the small shops that we have the right tools in place and are ready to go and hopefully get the PPP loan so that they can make it to the other side of this. So we are cautiously optimistic that they have made the changes needed.
Greg McGinniss: Alright. Thanks for the color guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alexander Goldberg with Piper Sandler. Please ahead.
Alexander Goldberg: Hey, good morning and thank you. First just on the dividend, you guys suspended the common dividend, but it sounds like you are still going to pay the preferred. So based on where you have paid the common so far, and presumably you are going to pay prefers the rest of the year. Do you guys need to pay a common dividend, the balance of the year to satisfy a tax compliance with reach status?
Glenn Cohen: Hi, Alice. It is Glenn. Based on where we are currently and based on our own internal forecast, the answer is yes, we would still need to pay a further dividend to cover taxable income.
Alexander Goldberg: Can you share how much are you close to the line or you are still, are you still on the tee box and you still?
Conor Flynn: And we can’t share that Alex.
Glenn Cohen: Honestly Alex, it is too early. There is a lot of moving parts that go into it. But as I mentioned, we would still need based on the current forecast, there would be a need for further dividend to make our distributions equal 100% of our taxable income.
Alexander Goldberg: Okay, great. And then the second question is, you are just in speaking to your REITs, other REITs out there. Sounds like tenants have credit as part of their bank lending. They have to be current and all of their leases, et cetera. But some of the tenants have been seeking waivers from their creditors, so that if they don't pay their leases, they are not in default of their credit. Do you know how many of your tenants have sought those waivers out from their banks?
Dave Jamieson: Alex yes it is Dave. We haven't really had that discussion with retailers and they have brought up to my attention.
Alexander Goldberg: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Richard Hill: Hey, good morning and Conor. I'm glad. I'm glad to hear you are feeling better. I want to come back to start off coming back to a question Christy asked about maybe ability to defer expenses and thinking back to how much CapEx you were able to reduce during the GST, but maybe Conor, if you are thinking about fully loaded CapEx both reoccurring and then development and redevelopment CapEx, how much do you think you could reduce that from your run rate in 2019?
Conor Flynn: Thanks for that. It is nice to be back in the saddle that is for sure. Look, we look at our CapEx and our OpEx really on a site-by-site basis and we have multi-year CapEx and OpEx plans. And so what we do is we go through that in detail to figure out what is required to be sure that the operating plan keeps the shopping centre as safe as possible, making sure that the required upgrades are done and that the needs and the wants, I guess, are separated. So we obviously prioritize the needs and then we push out the wants. And that is just on the capital plan for each and every asset. On the offense of CapEx where we are looking at our development and redevelopment plan. We continue to think that our asset base is right for redevelopment. And as I mentioned in my comments, we think we are really only in the early innings of the entitlement plans that we have played these last few years. We have been successful with gain traction on the multi-family entitlement plan. We think that we are again probably going to double the amount of entitlements in the next few years mainly because of we see that the path ahead. Now the question is, how much of that can we activate and how much we will be putting that in the pipeline? In this environment, we are probably going to hit the pause button on taking on projects ourselves. But we may look at ground leasing or doing some other projects that way that limit the amount of capital that we would have to implement in the projects. But look at the value creation over the long-term. And again, it is all about the long-term here. We know that we are in an unprecedented situation, but typically what we have seen in the past, at least when I was out west, when we went through the last crisis, we were very, very successful on the entitlement plans during the downturn. Many times, cities and states are in desperate need of raising taxes and capital, and they loosen up their grip a little bit on the entitlement plan. So we might be actually even more successful on our entitlements in a situation like this than we even expected. And so the key for us is securing the entitlements. And then, as we have talked about before, is that decision tree of where our cost of capital is, and do we elect to sell the entire rights, do we elect the ground the entitlement rights, do we elect a joint venture the entitlement rights, or do we elect to self develop. And I think in this current situation, the likelihood of doing self development is very slim. But we do think that long-term value creation on entitlements is critical to our success and critical to our shareholders.
Richard Hill: Got it. I think that is a pretty, pretty helpful color. I wanted to talk about in negotiations with tenants maybe not just what you are hearing currently, but I think what a lot of, what, I'm certainly trying to understand what I think a lot of us are trying to understand is, you know, does the structural dynamic change over the medium to long-term? So I'm curious, are you hearing about any tenants wanting to stay in your properties but maybe go to more of a percentage rent structure or anything? It is asking for lower rent. I would think that there was a fair amount of tenants that still are very viable and want to be involved. But maybe a little bit more cushion than they did previously. So I'm curious, are you engaging in any of those discussions yet or is it still too early days?
David Jamieson: Yes, this is Dave. It is a great question. It is very much still the early days. I mean when despite it feeling like almost a decade that we have been through this and it is really only been about six weeks. So, keeping that in context, you know, the way we have approached this is really wanting to take a very methodical and measured approach. One month at a time, have those discussions as needed as they arise. And then we continue to get more visibility, through the course of the summer and then into the fall to better understand exactly what the outcome and the long-term implications will be. From the retailer side, a lot of our retailers, again as I mentioned earlier, see this long-term as an opportunity to continue to strengthen their portfolio and will be wanting to expand and they are starting to reopen their locations as markets start to open as well. So, for us it is going to be a very measured approach. And as we get further along we will have better visibility into the longer term outcome.
Conor Flynn: One point is to add to that. I think it is important to know and retailers are prioritizing this is they look at their opportunity set and they see their boxes. And the differentiator for Kimco, is that we have third-parties validates that our market rents on our anchor boxes are 55% below market. And so when they look at their fleet of stores, they recognize which stores they need to protect because they are not going to be able to replace that type of economic deal. And so I think one thing you are probably going to see is there is going to be a limited amount of landlords through this as well as on the other side of this that have the capital to invest in some of the larger and the junior box type of deals that are out there. So I would anticipate that you are going to see those anchor tenants, those junior that successful, prioritize the spaces that they have that are either on ground leases or significantly below market rents. And we think that is a differentiator for Kimco.
Richard Hill: Got it. Very helpful guys. Thanks again.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Under deferral rental agreements when are you generally targeting for the payback of the deferred rent. And are you getting any other control rights as you enter into these deferral agreements?
David Jamieson: Yes, this is Dave. Hey Craig. It really is a case-by -case analysis. We treat each retailer on its own in those discussions. And so they will vary based on need they want on both sides. And again, we wanted to take a very measured approach here, just addressing a one month at a time.
Conor Flynn: We have seen opportunities, Craig, to recapture control areas and things like that that would open up some redevelopment entitlement opportunities. But as Dave says, it really is every, individual tenant, every site, every lease is a little bit different. So you have to go one-by-one.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, great. And then just turning to the Kimco’s curbside pickup program. I wondered how you are monitoring it and does the national rollout seem to be eminent?
David Jamieson: Yes. So we first launched it in Texas and Texas is going to be one of the first markets to open a require curbside. So Grand Parkway is actually fully deployed at this point with stalls and play and as those retailers have started to open, we have seen both local and nationals utilize it. We anticipated curbside to be a trend into the future at some point. It's been an ongoing dialogue for years now, at various events and in our conversations with our retail partners. COVID what that did was really just accelerate, this trend that was imminent. And so for us, we were able to get out in front of it very, very quickly because we were already working on plans and our system being centralized, we are able to offer those retailers specific zones in which they can utilize for their curbside pickup. And then they communicate directly with their tenant or their shoppers of what zones to go to. And then those shoppers call, the retailer to identify exactly what stall they are in. And so thus far it is early, right. We are about a week or two into our initial deployment in Texas. But the response right now has been very favorable. And as it relates to the balance of the national program, we have been already in process with that. And we will have, again, a very measured approach on that rollout. But the way the trend is going is that curbside will just be one of those other tools that retailers and landlords will be working collectively to ensure that we service the customer in the best way possible.
Conor Flynn: Craig, I think it is a way to get customers more comfortable coming back to the shopping center as well. So you know, one of the key challenges that we have focused on is helping our small shop tenants as well as getting the customer to a level of comfort so that they can go back to their daily needs and services when the States are allowed to open back up. And we feel that because most of our grocery stores are big box tenants and our home improvement centers have been opened through this, that the customer is, is actually comfortable with that program, that they have been very successful. Our retailers have reported a 200% plus growth in curbside pickup. So we figured why not take the best practices of our largest national tenants and share that with our small shop tenants so that they can hopefully rebound quickly and that we also invite the customer back to the shopping center in a way that gives them the comfort level I think that is going to be required to make sure that we rebound as quickly as possible.
Craig Schmidt: Yes, it does sound like a good rate to facilitate towards the reopening. Thank you for your comments.
Operator: Our next question will come from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Samir Khanal: Good morning guys. So Conor, I guess the question I had was on co-tenancy risk, I mean, how should we think about that? I guess in the portfolio, especially as it relates to some of the bigger, box your centers or there are the newer developments that you had. I assume there are leases that are tied to some of these non-essentials, right? The gyms, the theaters. I mean, if they were to potentially restructure or even closed doors. I mean, how does that trickle through, I guess the renters or the other tenants?
Conor Flynn: Yes. Co-tenancy risk for us is pretty minimal when you think about the way that co-tenancy has been drafted. And a lot of these leases, it does vary, case-by-case. But for predominantly across our portfolio, a co-tenancy clause has a number of tenants having to go dark in order for as we triggered. And so if you think about typically a shopping centre has maybe three to five anchors, typically a co-tenancy clause in our portfolio needs at least two to three of those anchors to be dark, in order for it to be triggered. And we do come into this from a position of strength, you think about the multi-year repositioning that we have gone through, if you think about the balance sheet and how we position is to go along. And if you think about our occupancy from an anchor perspective at over 90%. In a lot of ways we have been preparing for this, now we knew that the cycle we are going to end, we never would have guessed it was going to end this way. But in a lot of ways, we have been preparing for this since a lot of deferral programs that we have been talking to the tenants as well are allowing us to sort of water down those co-tenancy clauses or give us even a little bit more strength on the other side of it. So hopefully, that helps.
Samir Khanal: Thanks for that. I guess my second one is on the groceries, right? I mean, can you provide an update on or maybe even Albertsons here, what is the potential to monetize that investment is played, I mean, it clearly the grocery sector has been pretty solid during the pandemic, and Albertsons have certainly reduced their debt position so I actually think about that?
Raymond Edwards: Good morning, it is Ray Edwards, how are you? I hope you and your family are safe and healthy. For Albertsons I think you might have seen on Tuesday night they are-filed and updated their S-1, based on the fiscal year end for them, which was in February. And they really have performed extremely well, their comp store sales are up in March like 47%. And I think over the first two months over 30%, and they have done a great job, as you have mentioned on the balance sheet and improving their debt profiles. So they feel great position, potentially on IPO, but markets are the market. So we have to work with the underwriters see what the right thing is to do on that front. And it will execute at the right time, but they are really focused right now on running the business and it is much more complicated today for them than it was two months ago. So you know, we want to as owners, make sure they execute correctly and make the company as strong as it can be.
Samir Khanal: Thanks, guys. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Muller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Muller: Yes. Hi, can you begin plans for deferrals. But how are you thinking about the risks that, there is so many people out of work that this could turn into cuts and permanent closures, if sales are slow to come back?
David Jamieson: Yes, hi, it is Dave again. So again, it is so early in this cycle to really make any real forecasts on what the longer term outcome will be. So for us with the development program, we have been wanting to take a one month at a time, gain better visibility into the program in two, how COVID is going to have these impacts on the retailers and employment etcetera longer term. And then in which case, we will be able to address that. But our focus has always been on the tenant - retention out of the gate, as COVID started and we are exhausting all of our resources to ensure that they have the appropriate support to survive and thrive through this in long-term.
Michael Muller: Got it. Are you operating with the view though that this is worse than the TFC or better or just similar?
David Jamieson: It is unprecedented in a lot of ways and it is a very different outcome. This was a - I think the great recession or the financial crisis, this was a social crisis initially and now we are starting to see how it evolves and how it plays, but it is still early days. So I would hate to forecast exactly what the expectation would be longer term here until we start to see a little bit more in the future.
Glenn Cohen: Hey it is Glenn. To talk a little bit more to his point, again this is a health crisis that is turning into a financial crisis. A lot of these companies, really the strong retailers that many of them that are closed today, they are not closed because their business was bad or they had bad inventory. They are closed because of the pandemic that we are in. So it is very difficult to compare it to the great financial crisis. I mean, look at unemployment, unemployment is at 14.7%, 30 million people that are out of work temporarily or on furlough, but different than the great financial crisis. The government has been incredibly positive about pumping liquidity, helping the consumer, giving them $600 checks on top of the unemployment. So it is very different. And the end though is it is too early to really tell whether we are going to come out. So we just take it a day at a time, a week at a time and a month at a time.
Michael Muller: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Derek Johnson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Derek Johnson: Hi, good morning everybody. I wanted to go back to the tenant assistant program real quickly. How can it become more substance versus PR and I say that respectfully, right. So how have you invested in tweaking the approach to filing for the program so that more tenants actually see relief in round two and or is it a buy in issue with local tenants, so, bottom line what can you do to generate a higher success rate going forward?
David Jamieson: Yes, this is David. So with the program to start as Conor mentioned in his prepared remarks, we have over 600 tenants already through the program itself are participating currently in the program. To ensure that we bolstered the effectiveness of it too, we also align ourselves with local banks that seem to have the greatest success early on in terms of getting the loans to the end customer, which was our retailer. And when we look at the program to-date, I think it has been very effective. We have over $20 million either approved and or submitted for loans. So when you think about substance, I think that barely carries very substantive and we continue to work through this. And if the program as it relates to the government in terms of government assistance continues to expand, we have the infrastructure in place to continue to support that and to provide further assistance to those retailers as they navigate the PPP process and the other submittal processes for or assistance.
Derek Johnson: Okay, great and just secondly with respect to Albertson you know if an IPO was successful could you just remind us how your stake would be treated and/or taxed.
Glenn Cohen: Hi, it is Glenn. So if something was to get done, you have to step back and we have a basis of about $140 million. A portion of the investment was previously held in the REIT and then there is another portion that was in our TRS, which has now been merged back into the REIT. We know that based on the studies that we have done and where we stand, that the max tax is roughly $50 million in total on everything in respect to the how big, how much capital you would get from a transaction. So what is going to happen is if it was to go public, the investment that we have today, which is on the cost method, would then turn into a marketable security and you would mark-to-market the unsold shares on your balance sheet. And then the cash you are getting is basically like a free equity offering. You get all this cash with no impact to NOI, because we are not generating any NOI from the investment.
Derek Johnson: Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning. Hey Conor I was just hoping to get a little more color on the dividend here and the decision to suspend it versus possibly cut it. You saw a detail amount of CapEx with the slight reduction, you outlined AFFO coverage was pretty tight before that. So was there a thought at all to use this opportunity to just better right side there now? And is that something, maybe we should be looking at in the coming quarters and therefore suspending was just the right first step or how should we think about that?
Conor Flynn: Hey, Jeremy, it is a good question. Look, I think we are all very much in the early innings of this pandemic and we want to get more color on how May plays out, how June plays out and really see the amount of rent we are collecting, before we can really get an understanding of hopefully how the economy opens back up and how our retailers respond. And so it is all about clarity and I think the Board has discussed a number of different scenarios of what may or may not happen. And the tricky part is nobody has a perfect crystal ball of what we are dealing with today. And so the suspension is exactly that and we did to comment that it will be reviewed monthly, because we do want to keep the board in constant communication to understand all the ins and outs that we are seeing and the different scenarios that may play out and the taxable income piece that is going to be critically important as well. So there is a lot of different scenarios that may play out. We think suspending it is the right move today. We think reviewing it monthly is the right move going forward, in that way we can move quickly if and when we - and we know we need to reinstate it. We made that comment before, we made it in the press release and we had it in our remarks and so it will be reinstated in 2020 and we just have to understand what that level at the right point is going to be clear up a little bit more.
Jeremy Metz: Yes. That is helpful. And second one for me, in terms of the deferrals that were granted, the 14%, that was mentioned does this cover some tenants that were in the pain camp for April, and it is, so how much is from that group that actually paid in April versus coming from that bucket that didn’t?
Glenn Cohen: Could you just, I guess, clarify the question, just wanting to better understand what was asked?
Jeremy Metz: Yes. I think, the deferrals get thought of as being granted towards, the 40% that didn't in April and when reality I think some of the tenants that have paid this sorts gain more favorable standing. And so I guess what I'm trying to figure out is, of the deferrals that were granted is some of those coming from that tenant base that paid in April versus the bucket that didn’t.
Glenn Cohen: Got it. Yes. It varies. It is really case-by-case. Some times in the early discussions as all this started to unfold, some retailers tried to take a very hard position early on, and then that position evolved and changed acknowledging that they had financial obligations to meet and so they paid April rent with nothing tied to that, but it really is always a case-by-case so it is hard to, I would say contextualize exactly it being one thing or another?
Jeremy Metz: So, just I guess. So can we assume that there possibly were some tenants that paid April that might get rent deferred for May or June, I guess, that is where I was going with it. Are there potential future in our expectations we need to be thinking about some tenants that paid, is it not just so clean as bits of the group that didn’t pay, and those are the other ones getting deferrals?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, that that can very much be part of the discussion, as well as Conor mentioned earlier, other considerations in terms of loosening restrictions within leases and providing more favorable terms to ourselves and landlord that will enable us to do other things in the future. So all of those points or discussions in negotiating points on the table.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Vince Tibone: Hey, good morning. Ross, could you provide a little more color on the conversations taking place in the transactions market today? How are people thinking about stabilize NOI and cap rates in this environment?
Ross Cooper: Sure. Good morning. I know it is early for you. That really is the challenge today is that the lack of clarity that the retailers have in terms of the opening is very difficult for an acquisition to take place when the NOI is so uncertain. So, as I mentioned previously, there are opportunities or attempts to try and box in what that risk may be. So you have seen some conversations related to trying to understand which tenants are paying which tenants are not paying. Who you may want to try to box in an escrow agreements for or to cover some rent for a period of time. But I would say right now the vast majority of investors or owners that have capital are really a bit on the sidelines right now just waiting to see how it unfolds. If there becomes a period of more distress or dislocation, I think we and some others are ready to take advantage of it. But right now it has really been a situation where I heard a quote that I like that in the first quarter the planes that were in the air landed and not a lot of planes have taken off since. So we are waiting to see when there is clearance to fly them.
Vince Tibone: Makes sense. I mean, in your mind, what needs to change maybe to unfreeze the transaction market? I mean is it just more than country reopening, rent collection levels getting back to normal-ish levels or what is those criteria in your mind to kind of get things moving again?
Ross Cooper: Yes. First and foremost, there needs to be a comfort level in the country, that it is safe to reemerge and to start shopping again and for these retailers to open. Even in some of the States and the counties where reopening plans have started to exist. Not all the retailers have opened yet, even if they are capable or allowed to legally. So we are still a little bit early in people getting comfortable, whether it be a testing capacity or ultimately a vaccine. So as soon as I think there is a return to normalcy and there is a better understanding of which retailers in which categories of retail will open it and what that looks like. Are there capacity issues are FNB, theaters, fitness, going to be able to return back to a 100% capacity. As soon as we have more clarity in that scenario, I think both investors and lenders will become a little bit more comfortable in loosening the perseverance and starting to invest again.
Vince Tibone: That makes sense. So that is helpful color. One more. Just quick one for me if I could. What is the pre-leasing level at the Boulevard, that impacted at all in recent months due to the pandemic?
Ross Cooper: Yes. Right now we are close to 90% on the pre-leasing with and Boulevard and nothing has changed at this point. So we continue to do our fit out work with all the retail tenants. As Conor mentioned earlier, it was deemed essential. We got the waiver, ShopRite is underway, we are going through the inspections and then for the balance of the shopping center, we continue to do our fit out work.
Conor Flynn: Kudos to our team that went above and beyond to get those waivers, because it was not easy and to get it expeditiously and get it back to having the construction workers on site was not easy. So I think all the team that has been working on that because it has been pretty incredible to see how a site that was closed down in essence from the shutdown to quickly ramp back up was pretty impressive.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Vince. We will take the next question. 
Operator: The next question will come from Floris Van Dijkum with Compass Point. Please go ahead. 
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks guys, thanks for taking my question. Can you remind us again what your break even rent collection is to cover your ongoing expenses?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Hi Floris. If you look at run rate, total expenses, GNA, operating expenses at property level, interest expense all that kind of stuff. It runs about 115 million a quarter. So somewhere roughly around 15 million a month.
Floris Van Dijkum: So what percentage of the cash rents would you need to collect to get to that level?
Glenn Cohen: Well, we are above that with our 60%, so we are more than where we are.
Floris Van Dijkum: But is that in the mid fifties?
Glenn Cohen: It is probably around the 50% level to do the math specifically, but it is around that.
Floris Van Dijkum: Okay. Another question maybe for you, Glenn as well. Your straight line receivables, it doesn't appear like you have taken any write downs on any of that. Could you walk us through how you think about some of your riskier tenancies and also maybe talk about that in terms of the bad debt, which was four million relative to the 1.7 million last year how much of as the COVID impacted your thinking about tenants.
Glenn Cohen: Let me just talk generally about this AR reserves as it relates to us. We as a practice have always had reserves against straight line. So the number that appears in our supplemental, that is net of reserves. So we have reserves up already and pretty robust policies and procedures and how we analyze tenants as we go forward. Now the pandemic makes us review those procedures and policies, make sure they are sufficient for the current environment. But we have always had - may be a little different than others, we have always had reserves against straight line, good times and bad. So you don't see a whole lot of movement there because that actually is a netted number. So there is a sizable reserve against straight line today. On the AR, the billed AR and will be quote, unbilled AR, which is our - the tax that you are accruing as you go along. We have very significant reserves there as well. And again, very - again what we believe are extremely very robust policies about how we look at it. And we go tenant-by-tenant, lease-by-lease in making determinations about the appropriate level of reserves. Now do I think the reserves will go up in the second quarter? I do, but I think as of 331, the reserves are very adequate and clear about where things are. So you will see movement, but I'm not expecting drastic movement as it relates to or AR. The four million that you saw for the quarter, which is - it is roughly 138 basis points. As you know, we carry in our forecast and our budget around a 100 basis points for a year. So that at 138 basis points is roughly 35 basis points for the quarter. So even relative to our original plan, we still have 65 basis points available to us. And I would also tell you that, a portion of the reserve taken, was really related to one tenant that is still operating. So, it was really sent to fairway grocer in plain view for us. That was about a million dollars of the reserve. They are still operating so that may come back to us too.
Floris Van Dijkum: Thanks Glenn. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Good morning. Glad to hear everyone doing well especially you Conor. So my first question is on the non-essential rent on your COVID update slide. That bucket comprises just under a half of your rent, 43% it looks like, and it looks like you collected 42% from that group in April and the seed deferral request for another 21%. So I'm trying to get a sense of how we should understand that, what do you expect from the 37% with not requested deferrals and then maybe you could share some thoughts on how you see the probability collection for this group overall versus say the essential and if we could see a narrowing of the GAAP between that and the 86% you collected in your essential bucket. Thanks.
Conor Flynn: Sure. So I will try to break this down a little bit and make sure I address all parts of your question. So for those that have not requested any deferrals at this time, it could be for a variety of reasons. One they are continuing to operate or they are still paying, they can be closed and paying. It also means that they just have been going through the loan process and wanting to wait to see gain more visibility into what type of assistance they could secure to meet their financial obligations with us in our lease. We have seen that actually happen a couple times for those that have requested deferrals had since called us back and said that they are willing to pay rent, because they just got the PPP loan. So they are able to meet that obligation. So it really does vary. In terms of collectability on the back end, again, it is still too early to tell we are only six, seven weeks into this, so you are going to have to play that out a little bit further to understand exactly, as markets start to reopen and these retailers start to get back in the swing, what that looks like. And I do apologize, but I think you have one last part to your question.
Haendel St. Juste: I was just looking for some perspective on the two buckets if you can see from narrowing, and I think, somewhat address this. But the crux of my question was there is a big chunk here that hasn't either paid or requested the problems and was really trying to get some clarity on what the nature of conversations and what you understood to be the current situation there?
Conor Flynn: Okay. Yes, I think what I just mentioned probably answers that does.
Haendel St. Juste: That is helpful. Thank you. And then maybe a question for you Glenn, just want to clarify, on the collection numbers we are seeing here, it looks like it is based on ADR. In other words, total occupied, total potential rent not necessarily based on an occupancy based numbers, in a sense that if you had lower occupancy, you would benefit because you have less rent to collect. Just wanted to make sure because there is a lot of numbers being thrown out there in the industry right now. Some are based on total potential ADR assuming a 100% occupancy, some are based on current occupied ADR some are putting Canon, So it is important I just want to make sure we understand what is being reflected here.
Glenn Cohen: It is strictly based on build AR.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay.
Glenn Cohen: It is simple, it is not complicated. It is the build AR for the month of April.
Conor Flynn: Haendel I think you are talking about what would it be, you included the cam and the other recoveries, it is comparable to what we collected.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Lucas with Capital One, Please go ahead.
Christopher Lucas: Good morning guys. I guess two quick ones for me. As it relates to the deferrals, did you guys have a, like a weighted average duration by ADR that today you could provide just in terms of how long the deferrals are across to your the 14%?
Conor Flynn: No, right now, and I mean, similar to how I addressed this earlier, it really is a case-by-case. situation. And I also stated earlier, some of these deferment that were issued to some of these retailers that started to get paid back just because they had secured the loan. So it is still very fluid. We will have better visibility as we progress through this over the next couple months.
Christopher Lucas: Okay. And then, Glen, right, earlier in your comments you mentioned something about a mortgage. I think you did. It looks like you there was JP Morgan, you pushed out 90 days, I guess I'm just curious as to what you are seeing in the direct lending market in terms of how people were underwriting or if they are not, if they pulled back here, maybe some commentary about what is going on in the mortgage market will be very helpful.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. So we have property in the Bronx, Concourse Plaza right near the Yankee Stadium that was really a development project over time with our partner. We are 50/50 partners. So we had a loan that was maturing in 2020 and we sourced a new loan for hire proceeds actually, at $75 million and closed on it in early April. So it is a new seven year loan at a 3.13%. So actually the plus savings for the partnership and extended the term out much longer. The mortgage market is very, very specific as to the property that you are looking to finance. For a while the CMBS market froze for a bit. Bank lending is has its level of challenges. I would say more of the money, big money center bank than it is at the regional banks. I think the regional banks are still very active. The other thing I could give you some visibility on is, again on the residential side, the Fanny & Freddy market is completely operating and functioning. And for the right assets you can still clearly get mortgages and financing for term at incredibly low rates.
Christopher Lucas: On the multifamily sides. Construction financing. Have you guys looked at that in terms of what is available and how that is being underwritten -.
Glenn Cohen: We really haven't, we don't have actually any construction financing. As a matter of fact, the one construction loan that we did have, which was on Dania, which was $67 million, we paid off there in the first quarter. So we actually have no construction financing. We haven't been outsourcing it. I believe if we wanted to quite candidly, if we wanted to get construction financing, I think with the banking relationships that we have, we could obtain it, but it is not something that we are doing at the moment.
Christopher Lucas: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question Collin Mings with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: Thanks and good morning. I just wanted to go back to the transaction market and you touched on Albertsons specifically a bit, but if we did reflect on Kimco's history and the plus business, can you maybe just expand on your potential appetite for any similar opportunistic investments as this cycle plays out and how would you balance these type of investments versus obviously the near-term focus on liquidity or potentially ramping back up for me, development opportunities you just have?
Conor Flynn: Sure. I think when you look at the strategy of Kimco, we have always had the opportunity bucket. We look at retailers that are real estate rich and that is how close to 10 years ago. We wound up with the Albertson's investment of owning close to 10% of that grocery chain, they still own and control close to 50% of their real estate. And you know, the original thesis there was that the real estate alone was so valuable that it would make sense long-term. And clearly the operations now have been a shining star in the grocery sector. We still believe that there is going to be opportunities for that what we call the plus business going forward, we have been focused on making sure that we try and harvest our existing plus business investments before we go and start to make new investments just again so we can build on the wonderful track record that we have had over the decades of investing in those types of opportunities.  That being said, we think it is a differentiator for Kimco. We think there is going to be opportunities ahead of us where the plus business will be utilized and come in handy to really create opportunities because we do think there is going to be. Because we do think there is going to be a significant amount of dislocation. And if we are one of the few that have the capability to underwrite the capability to invest, we think it will reward our shareholders.
Collin Mings: Okay. So it sounds like that that does remain, again, more of an intermediate to longer term priority. 
Conor Flynn: We always have it as part of our, our differentiated strategy. You know, we obviously have a very solid tier one portfolio where we are laser focused on executing our 2020 vision strategy. You know, if you think about it over the past few years, how we have transformed the asset base, how has we have gone long on the balance sheet. A lot of the effort that we have made has really positioned ourselves to be ready for this type of environment, so that the mothership can continue to hopefully outperform. But the bucket that we have for the plus business is always unique and opportunistic, when those opportunities present themselves. And so we are ready when we think it is a differentiator for us and we think it'll really reward our shareholders in the long-term.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then Dave, that you spent some time discussing the curbside program, but to the extent social distancing becomes more of a focus going forward, are there any other longer term changes you have already started to work on with tenants in terms of expanding outdoor seating for restaurants or anything else along that line as you think about the actual physical location or the physical layout of your property? 
David Jamieson: Yes, great question. I mean, you absolutely nailed it with your example. The outdoor seating is something that we already talked to our restaurant operators with. And we have actually been serving each of them to, analyze those that already have outdoor seating, those that want to expand capacity, areas in the shopping center that we can support that capacity. How do we manage it in a centralized fashion with the appropriate social distancing measure is, do we support the individual restaurants and the outdoor or seating that they need. So all of that is very much on the table and under consideration between our development team, property management team, construction team and leasing folks, everyone is really directly engaged in best understanding how we can best serve our tenant base and the needs going forward. Obviously the situation will evolve. Different municipalities and counties have different restrictions and that is what we have seen through the outset is you really have to take this case-by-case, but we take all 400 of our assets and have been doing a very much a deep dive on how do we reformat those for the short-term and then what are more longer term solutions that will be more permanent.
Collin Mings: Alright. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question will confirm Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Good morning. Hope you are all doing well. So you have about 3.5% of rent expiring this year, you have another 1% at month-to-month. What is the kind of current game plan to address those and how would those negotiations in this type of environment? 
David Jamieson: Sure. This is Dave. So in terms of the current renewals and the discussions in pre COVID those have been ongoing data. They are happening pre COVID and even as we are going through and first six weeks here those discussions continue. Again, the quality of our real estate has vastly improved over the years. And so our 400 locations really service the community well in terms of the retailers extremely well. I think what this is proven is that being close to your customer in these markets is really essential. And we have been able to service that. And the brick and mortar strategy will be critical long-term to serve as all these different options to the customer, whether it be curbside focus, which has been an evolving trend that looks to - will be in play for the long-term here and has really been growing over the last couple years. So we feel good about that. And then in terms of those that are month-to-month and how we address those, we are really looking at in a very measured way, we don't want to get too far out in front of it, similar to what we did with the great recession, as we can do shorter term renewals for the time being. Let's get more visibility to have this list long-term and then we can address a longer term renewal on the back end then.
Glenn Cohen: Similar to what we have done in the past recession. I mean the past great recession is we adopted the phrase love the one you are with, and we recognized that the existing tenant base is your best friend right about now and so we are working with making sure that we love the one you are with and bridge them to the other side of that.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Alright, that translate into perhaps a shorter term leases for now, for the longer term leases that are expiring?
Conor Flynn: Not necessarily, again, it is case-by-case, it is hard to paint broad brush on it. Each situation is different and when you look at - the majority of our retail shopping centers have essential components to it with grocery, over 77% of our ABR is associated with shopping centers that have a grocery component to it. Those are the areas that people want to be in. I mean, it has been proven that through this pandemic, that having a essential component is really key and for those other retailers that can co-tenant across that our alongside. They really do want to stay in those centers longer term, but it is really hard to paint a broad brush over questions like that.
Ki Bin Kim: Yes, I appreciate that. And Glenn, were there a change in the lease spread definition, if I look t the supplemental is there some language that suggested that?
Glenn Cohen: No. No, our lease spread definition hasn't changed.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay.
Conor Flynn: We just change the format in the presentation the way it looks.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. I just noticed that the four two number changed versus what you reported for 4Q last quarter.
Glenn Cohen: No, the definition didn’t change, it is just a presentation change.
Ki Bin Kim: Alright, thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tammi Fique with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tammi Fique: Good morning. Glad you are feeling well Conor. Just following up on the commentary you made about loving the one you are with. Certainly there are a number of tenants that you may not love quite as much as others. I guess is this also an opportunity to address lower credit tenancy where you may want to reverse base longer term or is occupancy preservation is such a critical level that maybe that is not a consideration at this point?
Conor Flynn: No, that is a good question. And I think you look at each and every situation, and each and every site individually that make the best business plan for the long-term. And so we are always looking to upgrade tenancy, we are always looking to improve the credit quality as well as the -. Potentially, I personally think there is going to be a lot of opportunity to add a lot of grocers to our sites that don't currently have a grocery anchor and we are working on that right now. We are already close to 80% grocery anchored, I think we are going to be up over 80%. That is a challenge that we have laid out for ourselves. But that being said, we recognize that a lot of retailers are going to have their expansion plans put on pause, except for those that maybe have been operating through this pandemic. And so we do want to take it case-by-case. And the small shops to me are critically important because I think they are the secret sauce in terms of connecting with the community. You know, every shopping center has sort of the major national credit tenants that people are used to shopping and love. But I think the real important part of the shopping center is that secret sauce, the local mom and pop because it is typically a generational owner or someone from the community or someone that they really connect with. And I think that is where we really want to shine in this type of environment is helping those folks get to the other side of it.
Tammi Fique: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then I guess some of your peers are looking to extend loans to their small shop tenants. I'm curious if you have given any thoughts to doing that.
Conor Flynn: Yes. It is actually something we have talked about when we were rolling out the TAP program and looked at doing ourselves, but then we realized we should probably prioritize the government programs that are in place, because in essence they are there for a reason and we figured let's make sure the tenants that we have access those programs first and take advantage of those programs. And then as we watched the PPP program closely and see how it is playing out, if we need to. We have the ability obviously with our balance sheet to step in and help those in need. But right now the priority is to focus on the PPP.
Tammi Fique: Okay, great. Thanks. And then if I could sneak one more and I'm curious if you are seeing any differences in collectability based upon geography.
Conor Flynn: We really haven't seen much difference. Right now it is pretty consistent across the board.
Tammi Fique: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi thanks for taking my question. Any sense of the breakdown in April rent collection for anchors versus the small shops?
Glenn Cohen: It is in the supplemental, you will find that in the supplemental and our COVID business update Linda.
Linda Tsai: Okay. I think by and large the anchors were paid and then it just varied a lot across the small shops. Right?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. 73% of our anchors paid and 44% of our non-anchors paid for April.
Linda Tsai: Thanks for that. And then when you look at the pipeline of retailers announcing restructurings, you know, are there any strategies to best mitigate the impact of them upcoming increases? Maybe anything you can do to maintain occupancy on a shorter, medium term basis and then do you think your scale helps you in this context?
Conor Flynn: Our scale and our diversity definitely helps. I mean, when you look at the diversity of tenant base across the portfolio, it is pretty incredible how diversity are, especially when you take into the geographic diversity, top of the tenant diversity. Clearly we are watching the credit markets closely. Our tenants are some of the - top 50 has highest investment grade credits of our peer group, but we are watching closely how that plays out. Clearly there has been a lot of reorganizations, a lot of debt for equity swaps that we have been watching in other sectors. But we are going to monitor that closely and continue to evaluate the opportunities.
Operator: Our last question today comes from Christine McElroy with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman: Hey it is Michael Bilerman with Christie. Conor it is great to hear that you are doing better. I wanted to sort of ask you, and I think obviously you are doing a lot of stuff on the deferral and working with your tenants. I assume you are paying a royalty fee to Steven stills for your - the one you are with as well, but how do you think about providing equity in stepping into retailers? It is obviously been a hallmark of Kimco for a long time, where you have been leading both initiatives. Do you view that as an opportunity today to invest into repost, put aside the deferrals and the loans but try to make commitments and roll out a much more significant program on that end?
Conor Flynn: Hey Michael, thanks for those comments. Yes, no, we look at it the same way. We have always looked at it. We want to be opportunistic when those events create dislocation where retailers that are real estate rich need a partner to come in and unlock the value of that real estate. So we are very careful on who we invest in and why. You can sort of look at our track record back to decades of all the investments we have made. And it is pretty consistent theme across the board. We like retailers that are real estate rich. We typically think we have the capacity to underwrite it. We have the capacity if we need to take back the real estate and help unlock the value there. And so that is what we have been focused on over the years. It has been a good track record for us. We want to see the current plus investments pay off, we anticipate them to continue to perform and hopefully there will be some more dislocation in the near-term that will create opportunities for us so that we believe as a differentiator can really shine and create a lot of value for our shareholders.
Michael Bilerman: Okay, so is that an initiative right now, you obviously have had relationships with private equity firms. I'm just trying to get a sense of, obviously a lot of these retailers are struggling. Chapter 11 filings are rising pretty dramatically, so I just don't know whether that is an active dialogue -.
Conor Flynn: It is. It is part of our strategy. It has always been a Kimco differentiator. It always will be. And we have been looking at that, it is lumpy as you know, it is not the easiest thing to model, which I know sometimes causes you a lot of headaches, but we do think it is an opportunity for us at the right time and we haven't seen it happen, but we think the window is going to be opening here shortly for us to take advantage of it.
Michael Bilerman: And then on the dividend so it is a suspension and you are in the review of monthly. What happens when you do re-instate do you view that as a - you want to catch up and pay the whatever dividends didn't get paid in the quarter? Is it just then when you are reinstated it is going to be on a go forward basis of whatever new rate you will feel comfortable with from a payout ratio perspective, how should the market think about the suspension?
Conor Flynn: Yes, it is a good question Michael. It is very, very early. We are going to take it month-by-month. We use that monthly review specifically because we do think we are going to have to have these updated calls monthly with our Board to give them where we sit from May, from June, from July, and then reinstate state where we think we will have confidence obviously in covering it and would be sustainable for the long-term. We know that the dividend is critically important to the investment thesis of Kimco shareholders and we want it to be tied to taxable income and to our cash flow. And as we get more information, as the Board digests the information that is coming in daily, weekly, monthly, we will be in a position to reinstate it where we believe that for the long-term it will be in a good spot not only for existing, but to grow overtime.
Michael Bilerman: Right. So in this case you may have a pop up dividend, taxable income and then the new run rate quarterly dividends that you will feel comfortable going into the future. 
Conor Flynn: It will really depend, obviously on the situation that is transpiring in front of us. A lot of options are available to us, a lot of levers that we can use. But that is one of the optionality that we have that we can look at when we get a little deeper into it.
Michael Bilerman: And you feel from paying it in stocks, having the ability to 90% stock that the idea of just suspending was a better outcome than giving script to your shareholders?
Conor Flynn: We felt like suspension was the right approach at this point just because there is such a lack of clarity. Obviously, with the change from 80% to 90% of the stock issuance that we are doing then that is an interesting option as well. And again, from the base of Board discussion that we have been having regularly, we will continue to monitor the situation. And I believe that as it gets a little bit deeper, and we get the ability to see a little bit more clarity, then we will have more information at our hands to put it back in place at the right level.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. And the last thing with some of the states to municipalities that have reopened, do you have any tenant sales from the stores, or the restaurants that have opened in your portfolio? Is there any anecdotes that you can share about the pent up demand that is going on in the economy when things do reopen?
Conor Flynn: We don't have any specific sales yet. Obviously, since it is only been a couple of days, but we have seen - we do have conversations with store managers that we have relationships with. And obviously the curbside pickup program that we have launched, we have a lot of dialogue surrounding that. They have been very pleasantly surprised with the curbside pickup and the accessibility and the use of it. They have been happy so far. So we will continue to monitor that closely. But we don't have any sales data yet.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating on our call today. I'm available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. I hope you and your families are staying safe and healthy during this crisis. And hopefully, by next call we can do this in a more normalized setting. Thank you, everybody. Bye -bye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Kimco's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Joining me on the call today are Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the course of this call.  As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors.  During this presentation, management may make certain reference to non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations website. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. As we begin the final year of our 2020 Vision strategy, our 2019 results are particularly satisfying. These results reflect both our commitment to our plans and our determination to stay the course. We finished 2019 with strong operating metrics, an improved balance sheet, a higher quality portfolio and a development and redevelopment pipeline that continues to produce long-term growth.  I will begin today's remarks with an overview of our operating metrics, our view of the retail landscape and an update on our Signature Series development and redevelopment projects and a view into how we think about ESG and our efforts. Ross will follow with an update on transaction activity and observations on general market conditions. And Glenn will discuss our activity in the capital markets, balance sheet metrics and our 2020 guidance.  The repositioning of our core portfolio within top 20 markets where we see a favorable supply and demand dynamic continues to pay dividends. The team produced strong metrics across the board, with $1.44 NAREIT FFO per share and $1.47 FFO per share as adjusted for the year, a great result. We achieved 3% same-site NOI growth for the year, exceeding the high end of our guidance range for the year. Our occupancy remains at an all-time high, finishing the year at 96.4%. Anchor occupancy hit a new high at 98.9%, while small shop occupancy finished slightly down at 89.3% due to recent closings of Dress Barn Avenue and Charming Charlies.  Activity on our small shop vacancy remains strong, and we view this as a source of FFO growth for 2020. The spread of physical economic occupancy sits at 240 basis points, which is primarily the result of anchor boxes yet to open. Typically, once the anchor becomes activated, the small shops usually follow, driving higher rents and strong annual increases. Our spreads for the quarter were healthy, with new leasing spreads at 12.5% and renewals and options at 4%. The increase in spreads for new leases represents the 24th consecutive quarter in which spreads increased over 10%. Our positive spreads for the year of 20.8% for new deals and 5.4% for renewals and options highlights the mark-to-market opportunities embedded in our portfolio.  Our intensive asset management platform and investment in technology has enabled us to be more proactive in monitoring and quickly addressing existing and potential vacancies, reducing downtime and driving faster rent commencement fees. While our portfolio continues to perform in this era of retail Darwinism, we recognize the challenges confronting our sector and some of our legacy retailers. We see our customer continue to gravitate towards convenience, service, experience and value. Not all retailers will successfully make the pivot necessary to service the demands of today's consumer. Bankruptcies, store optimization plans, downsizing, store saturation, automated distribution facilities and e-commerce penetration are all risks we must acknowledge and face head on.  Our 2020 Vision strategic plan was designed with these challenges in mind. Our tightly clustered portfolio in the top markets, where we have efficiencies of scale and significant barriers to entry, our mixed-use platform, our tremendous access to capital and our world-class team put us in a great position to embrace the inevitable change and create significant long-term shareholder value.  Our Signature Series pipeline continues to produce large quality flagship assets with stronger NOI and higher growth. We believe we have elevated the Kimco brand with customers and in the communities we serve. Our focus on long-term value creation, together with our commitment to sustainability, has helped establish trust with local governments and community groups in -- which in turn, helps us with our master planning and entitlement [indiscernible]  We now have entitlements for over 4,500 apartment units, over 800 hotel keys, over 1.2 million square feet of office space, and we are only just getting started. We believe our investment in developing a mixed-use team second to none has created a platform premium that will allow us to develop an optimal plan for every asset in our portfolio and to acquire assets with untapped redevelopment potential. Retail will always be the driving force of Kimco, but recognizing the untapped potential of our asset base is a critical and defining aspect of our strategy going forward.  At the end of 2019, we placed Mill Station into service, and out of the gate, our anchors were exceeding pro forma sales. Dania Pointe is making enormous strides where we recently cut the ribbon for the groundbreaking of Spirit Airlines' new headquarters. Spirit will be investing over $250 million and bringing over 1,000 employees to the site where they will enjoy the campus feel of our amenities and retail offerings.  The Boulevard is also moving closer to activation as our first tenants plan to open later this year. We will also be activating the second residential tower at our Pentagon City national landing asset later in 2020 as we look to benefit from the Amazon HQ effect in the area. The residential leasing records we set at Witmer, our first residential tower at Pentagon, highlights this one-of-a-kind asset. And with entitlements for nearly 2 million of additional square feet, Pentagon will continue to create value for years to come.  In closing, our 2020 Vision strategy was primarily focused on our portfolio quality and balance sheet strength. As we continue to move forward in 2020 and beyond, the challenges we face are not limited to the changing nature of retail and real estate. To be the best, we need to continue to listen to all of our stakeholders and the issues that concern them. We need to be vigilant and responsive to issues impacting corporate governance practices, Board diversity and refreshment, Director skill sets, shareholder engagement and sustainability.  While we have already made large strides in all of these areas, we can do more. Of particular note, our recent NAREIT award as Leader in the Light, given to the ESG leader in all of retail real estate is something we are proud of and don't take for granted. It shines a light on all of our efforts in making Kimco such a special place. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. Our 2019 transaction activity, which we reported earlier this month, reflects another excellent year of execution and the redeployment of capital into our future growth opportunities. To recap, for the full year, we sold 32 properties for a gross value of $542 million with $375 million as Kimco's respective share. Factoring in the acquisition of the 3 grocery stores through a sale-leaseback transaction in January of 2019, our net shopping center dispositions were $341 million. Of note, a significant portion of the sales activity occurred in the fourth quarter as we accelerated several asset sales that were originally slated for a 2020 closing. We had a total of 12 properties on the market for sale in the second half of the year, and we closed 100% of them. Our transaction success reflects both our dedicated team and the quality of our upgraded portfolio.  As a result of the dispositions completed in 2019, we now own a portfolio of 409 shopping centers, tightly concentrated in our top 20 markets with substantial growth potential and densification opportunities that will continue to strengthen our asset base for years to come.  Now to our outlook for 2020. We intend to continue selling at a modest level, pruning between $200 million to $300 million of operating properties at Kimco's share. We anticipate cap rates to blend in the 7% to 7.5% range. Proceeds from the sales will help fund our Signature Series redevelopment program and potential acquisition opportunities within our targeted markets. As for the latter, we intend to go back on offense in 2020 and selectively add properties that fit our strategy. We plan to acquire between $100 million to $200 million of assets with cap rates in the 5% to 6% range.  We have demonstrated our disciplined approach over the past several years with no new shopping center acquisitions since the summer of 2017. With our reshaped portfolio and improved cost of capital, we believe it is the appropriate time for us to selectively acquire high-quality properties, which offer future value creation potential when the opportunity presents itself. While these are hard to find, we have already identified 1 particularly exciting asset that we're currently evaluating and hope to share additional details with you in the second quarter.  As for market activity generally, cap rates continue to be aggressive for institutional quality assets in our core markets. We saw transactions in California, Texas, Florida and Pennsylvania in the high 4s and low 5s in the fourth quarter. And with interest rates remaining at their current low levels, there is no shortage of investor capital, both debt and equity, interested in pursuing our product type. We look forward to building additional long-term value as we move through 2020. And now to Glenn for the financial results.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. We finished 2019 with strong fourth quarter operating results. We maintained our occupancy level at an all-time high, delivered another quarter of double-digit new leasing spreads and generated positive same-site NOI growth. In addition, we further fortified our balance sheet with the issuance of common equity utilizing our ATM program.  As a reminder, in connection with the NAREIT FFO definition clarification, we no longer include gains and losses from land sales, marketable securities and preferred equity investments in NAREIT FFO. We are presenting prior periods to conform with this election. These transactional items were already excluded from FFO as adjusted and therefore have no impact on that calculation. Also, as previously communicated, beginning this year, we will only be reporting on NAREIT FFO, and in the event we have a unique transactional gain or charge, we will be sure to point it out.  Now for some additional color on our fourth quarter results. NAREIT FFO was $151.9 million or $0.36 per diluted share for the fourth quarter 2019 as compared to $149.6 million or $0.36 per diluted share for the fourth quarter 2018. Net transactional charges for the fourth quarter 2019 totaled $3.4 million or $0.01 per diluted share, comprised of $7.2 million of preferred stock redemption charges, offset by $3.8 million of transactional income from Puerto Rico insurance claims and forgiveness of debt. NAREIT FFO for the fourth quarter 2018 included $2.2 million of net transactional income.  FFO as adjusted, which excludes transactional income and expenses and nonoperating impairments, was $0.37 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2019 as compared to $0.35 per diluted share for the same period last year. The primary drivers of the increase were higher NOI of $3.1 million, lower financing costs of $2.2 million and higher management fees [indiscernible]  Full year 2019 NAREIT FFO was $1.44 per diluted share and includes $11.7 million or $0.03 per share of net transactional expense primarily from $18.5 million of preferred stock redemption charges. Full year 2019 FFO as adjusted came in at $620.1 million or $1.47 per diluted share, which hit the upper end of our guidance range. Full year 2018 FFO as adjusted was $613 million or $1.45 per diluted share. The primary drivers of the increase were lower financing costs of $13.2 million, lower income tax expense and higher management fee income. The full year increase was further impacted by lower NOI of about $9 million attributable to the full year impact of 2018 and 2019 dispositions and higher G&A expense resulting from the lease accounting change and the effect of no longer capitalizing indirect leasing costs.  Our high-quality property portfolio continues to produce positive results. During the fourth quarter, we signed 263 leases totaling 1.4 million square feet at a weighted average ABR of $18.63 per square foot, further improving our pro rata portfolio ABR to $17.99 per square foot. Our year-end occupancy held steady at an all-time high, up 60 basis points from the beginning of the year. This increase was driven by positive net absorption and the positive impact from dispositions. [Indiscernible] spreads for new leases, options and renewals signed were positive 6% for the fourth quarter and positive 7.9% for the full year 2019.  Same-site NOI growth was positive 2.7% for the fourth quarter 2019 and includes 10 basis points from redevelopments. Full year 2019 same-site NOI growth was positive 3% with no impact from redevelopment activity. The primary drivers of the same-site NOI growth were increases in minimum rents from continued lease-up, contractual rent bumps and rent commencement starts. Our same-site leased occupancy stands at 96.4%, and same-site economic occupancy is 94%, which bodes well for continued same-site NOI growth.  Turning to the balance sheet. We were active again in the capital markets. We utilized our ATM program opportunistically to issue 9.5 million shares of common stock at a weighted average net price of $21.03 per share, raising over $200 million. We used the proceeds to redeem $225 million of 5.5% preferred stock. As a result, we reduced our look-through net debt-to-EBITDA by 0.3x to a level of 7.2x and reduced our fixed charges by $12.4 million annually. We remain focused on reducing look-through net debt-to-EBITDA further over time.  Our liquidity position is excellent with over $2 billion of immediate liquidity available. Our debt maturities for 2020 are quite manageable with only $90 million of consolidated mortgage debt due and approximately $150 million due in our joint ventures. Our weighted average debt maturity profile is 10.6 years, continuing to be one of the longest in the REIT industry.  We successfully executed on many fronts throughout 2019, meeting or exceeding our targets. I want to thank our associates for their commitment, dedication and effort which produced these results. We are enthusiastic about the future but know full well there is more to be done in this ever-changing retail landscape.  Moving on to 2020 guidance and the underlying assumptions. Our initial NAREIT FFO guidance range for 2020 is $1.46 to $1.50 per diluted share. This per share guidance range assumes a growth rate range for same-site NOI of 1.5% to 2%, including redevelopments, and 100 basis points for credit loss; includes incremental NOI growth of $12 million to $14 million from development projects and lowered NOI by $21 million associated with the full year impact of 2019 net dispositions. Other assumptions include: reduced financing costs of $11 million to $17 million, primarily from the redemption of $575 million of preferred stock during 2019; flat to lower G&A in 2020 as compared to 2019; and the impact of the increased share count from the equity issuance in 2019. In addition, as Ross mentioned, our disposition target ranges from $200 million to $300 million, and our acquisition target is $100 million to $200 million. Lastly, our NAREIT FFO per share guidance range assumes no transactional income or expense and no additional common equity issued. And with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
David Bujnicki: [Operator Instructions]. We're happy to take the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First question comes from Christine McElroy from Citi.
Christine McElroy: Just wanted to follow up on your initial sort of same-store NOI guidance, 1.5% to 2%. I think everyone's sort of trying to figure out, in the context of the deceleration from last year, how -- is that sort of an initial conservative range? Or is that realistic in the context of what you're expecting for fallout? There's what you know right now, in terms of fallout, versus what you may be anticipating as far as unknown buffer or a bad debt reserve. And I think we're just trying to get our arms around, is that an initial conservative range or is it disappointing based on what you are currently expecting. And I know that there's a lot of moving parts. There are some properties that are expected to join the pool this year that are potentially accretive to that growth rate. So just wanted to get some color around that.
Conor Flynn: Christy, yes, we're very much focused on that, and it's very early in the year as you know. We're focused on outperforming. We've got 11 months to do so. And if appropriate, we'll hopefully outperform and raise it throughout the year. But we do have 100 basis points reserved for credit loss. We think it's an appropriate range to start the year. It's a very fluid environment as you know. We've made some assumptions and believe that it's a good place to start and continue to believe that the transformed portfolio will continue to shine.
Christine McElroy: And then just on the comment around the properties adding to the same-store pool like Boulevard, how much is that expected to be accretive?
Glenn Cohen: So the Boulevard would add in a range of around $3 million to $5 million as part of it, so on $900 million, it's helpful but it's modest.
Conor Flynn: Redevelopments, Christy, should be about somewhere between 20 to 40 basis points within the same-site guidance range.
Christine McElroy: Okay. And that 1.5% to 2%, that's excluding redevelopment or that's including that impact?
Conor Flynn: It's included.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Schmidt, Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: I wonder how much of the 100 bps of reserve you had last year you needed to use in 2019.
Glenn Cohen: Craig, it's Glenn. So we used a total of 44 basis points for all of 2019. So we came in ahead. And again, as part of that, we were able to continue to increase same-site NOI guidance as we went through 2019.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And then how much and how active will you be in terms of rent restructuring? And how much of that is a drag on your -- the sequential decline in NOI '19 versus '20?
David Jamieson: Craig, this is Dave Jamieson. It's not really rent restructuring so -- just want to be clear on the question. I mean what we're always doing is proactively looking ahead, identifying opportunities to upgrade the quality of the tenancy, drive market rents through new deals, renewals and discussions with tenants that have options. So something that we do day in and day out. I definitely wouldn't classify it as restructuring of rents.  But when we look ahead to the opportunities, obviously, small shop activity is very robust. In the back half of 2019, there were some known events on bankruptcies that drove that number down. About 130 basis points of that was contributed to the bankruptcy of the tenants that Conor already mentioned. We really identified that -- as that as an opportunity to fuel future growth through the end of '20 and into '21 as well. So we're very optimistic about the environment and where we have with our quality of our portfolio and with the new anchors coming online as well. When you start to see the lease, the physical occupancy start to compress throughout the balance of the year. That will continue to drive small shop growth.
Conor Flynn: Yes. Craig, the nice part is, is where we sit at 96.4% at an all-time high occupancy is we do need a little bit of churn in order to get those mark-to-market opportunities. So we're active on being -- preleasing and looking for opportunities to improve the tenant credit of our portfolio. So we think that there's a lot of opportunity this year to become really another driver of mark-to-market opportunities for us.
Craig Schmidt: I mean just given the record high occupancy, is that limiting your ability to push rents?
David Jamieson: No. Again, it's the -- on the spread side, it's always dependent on...
Craig Schmidt: No. I just mean the fact that you're not able to add new occupancy to same-property.
David Jamieson: No. I think, again, when you look at the anchor opportunities, there are renewals that are coming due that will continue to drive that mark-to-market. As you know, we have substantially below-market anchor portfolio that we've continued to realize the benefit of.  In addition, on the small shop side, our small shops currently are over $29 a foot in rent. And when you look at 2020, the rollover schedule is at the lowest rate current in-place rent than the next five years. So when you look at the opportunity to push rents, there is still very much room to do so.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. I guess, I mean, you sound pretty positive when we get to the details but the macro guidance is so much less. I guess I'm not really able to reconcile that.
Conor Flynn: Craig, I think if you look back the past two years, you'll see we've been consistent. It's a fluid environment, as you know. We want to be realistic, understanding that it's very early in the year. We're focused on outperforming like we have been doing, and we have 11 months to do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Your renewal spread of 4%, we've seen it hover around the 4% mark for three consecutive quarters. Is this a -- somewhat of a newer run rate that we should expect going forward?
David Jamieson: Yes. Again, it's all dependent on the population of any given quarter. Between the renewals and options over the last 2 quarters, there were several options that were flat on some of our large ground lease anchor boxes that maintained a lower blended spread. And in addition to that, as you know, with our anchor occupancy being as it is, the small shops are slightly closer to market. So this quarter in particular, almost 90% of our new deals were small shop deals, around -- under 5,000 square feet. So that sometimes is a closer mark-to-market equation, which can have an impact on your spread. But as I mentioned in my earlier comments, when you look forward, there's opportunities to continue to push the new lease spreads on a go-forward basis.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just going back to a prior question on rent restructuring or just rent cuts. Just if you can give us a sense of how often that is actually happening at Kimco. And following up to that, is there a -- just a larger concern that even tenants that don't need a rent cut start to look more increasingly at the landscape, whether they're a tenant with you or at a different owner? And sorry to ask for something similar because if you're a strong tenant, maybe the mindset starts to shift from what paying rent based on what I could pay to what I should pay.
David Jamieson: There's so many variables that go into any discussion. Everything is a negotiation. It's a case-by-case analysis, both on the tenant side and the landlord side. The value with Kimco is that high quality of our portfolio. Someone could look for a lesser quality property and maybe pay slightly less rent. But if you want to have the full benefit of our tenancy, our location, our real estate and the markets in which we operate, then that starts to weigh into the final decision that's made. So it's always a case-by-case, and that's something that we do on an ongoing basis.
Conor Flynn: We really haven't done any restructuring. If you look through the portfolio and look at our occupancy, we'd like to get some spaces back so we get the mark-to-market opportunity. So that's what's given us the ability to have confidence in the transformed portfolio because typically, as a tenant misses an option or wants to leave, we have the opportunity to backfill at a much higher rent. So that's what's driving our 20%-plus new store leasing spreads. When we get those spaces back, it's a nice position to be in because it all comes down to the competitive set when your shopping center is placed in the corridor, and we feel like we've got below-market rents in great locations and the right balance of supply and demand.
Operator: Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb, Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: [Technical Difficulty] Christy's questioning. If we look at your last year's, sorry, NOI guidance, you said in response to Craig that you only used about 45 basis points and yet you exceeded the top end of your NOI by 50. This year, you're talking about 100 basis points, which again, seems pretty darn conservative. So just sort of curious, as you guys look to 2020, how much is already in your same-store that's: one, based on legacy, what closed in 2019; second, like Pier 1 or what you know is going to close this year; and then three, the sort of unknown factor, your budgeting of X percent? So is the 100 basis points sort of that X percent and therefore, Pier 1 and the legacy from last year are the deltas that we're all trying to solve for as to why the same-store looks so low relative to what you produced last year?
Conor Flynn: Alex, yes. So what we do is for all known closures, we take those out of our budget. So the sites where we know tenants are going to be vacating, we take them out of the budget. And then on top of that, we put in 100 basis points of credit reserve. And so we feel that gives us the cushion to understand that it's a very fluid environment. The last few years, obviously, we've been able to raise throughout the year. It's very early in the year. We're focused on outperforming. We've got 11 months to do so and we'll continue to -- if appropriate, we will raise throughout the year.
Alexander Goldfarb: So Conor, how much is already in there? Like is there already -- so the 100 of cushion, there's already an extra 100 from closure? I'm just trying to understand what the actual closure amount that's already in there in addition to what the 100 cushion is.
Glenn Cohen: It's Glenn. There's roughly 30 basis points that we're aware of. So we're starting with that as a kind of a beginning point. And then the balance is really for what's unknown. So again, we are trying to take the approach to deal with, again, an environment that is -- sometimes it's fluid and has its challenges. And we want to just set the stage for us to be able to go through the year and hopefully outperform.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then next is just an update...
Glenn Cohen: Just the other thing to just bear in mind, we actually have a very tough comp in the first quarter. The first quarter of last year was 3.7%. So just kind of bear that in mind as we go.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then just on -- Albertsons, obviously was in the newspaper, potential IPO. Just what you can share with us as far as potential for timing, if you -- if it will go, won't go, what the latest is.
Ross Cooper: Yes. I mean with regard to the rumor on the S-1, we really can't comment on that. For us, what we do understand and know is that for the last couple of years, the management, the Board and the investors have really been focused on giving the company the tools to really succeed, and that includes reducing debt through sale-leasebacks and cash by $3 billion over the last 2 years, improving the operation of the company, bringing in a new CEO, which really invigorated the management team there. And we've kind of -- as we've said on the call last couple of times, we're really working to set the company up to execute at the right time, the right value.  Also to understand, for Kimco, we have about 35 locations with Albertsons across the banners. We want this to be a very successful company for the long term. So we're not going to rush into anything that doesn't make sense for the long term of that business as well.
Operator: Next question is from Samir Khanal, Evercore.
Samir Khanal: Can I ask -- I guess, Glenn, can I ask you to go over the sources and uses? I'm just trying to understand, you're funding the $225 million of redevelopments. I mean you have $100 million coming from dispositions. You'll have free cash flow. But I think you'll still feel -- you'll be a bit short of the $225 million of developments. Just maybe address the capital plans, what you're assuming for guidance maybe on the debt or even the equity side?
Glenn Cohen: So in terms of the capital plan to be able to fund the balance, we actually have some contracts in place on some of our preferred equity investments and some land parcels that will also help to fund that. So that's not part of Ross' guidance in terms of disposition, and that amount can be $50 million to $75 million. So that's 1 piece to the bridge.  The other thing is again, we're going to watch the capital markets closely. It's not baked into our numbers to be using the equity markets, but again, similar to what we did in 2019, we will always look to be opportunistic. And then the balance comes from -- we have enormous liquidity between cash and our line of credit. And if need be, the bond market is quite favorable at the moment, too. So we have a lot of different options in a lot of different places to be able to create the funding mechanism.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Great. And then, I guess, my second question is on Dania Pointe. I know you've got the Forever 21 box there. You've got the Lucky's grocer. I guess an update on those two tenants. And then, I guess, is there some cotenancy risks that can impact the income coming through that development in the event that those stores close there?
Ross Cooper: Yes. It's a good question. So starting on the Forever 21 box, it's -- to step back, this is a lease we signed almost 3 years ago. And when you look at the evolution of the project, we couldn't be happier with the opportunity to backfill this location, with the recent signings of Urban Outfitters and Anthropologie to anchor the other 2 locations on Main Street, complemented by the Tommy Bahamas. What it's going to do is create us -- create a new opportunity for us to backfill. Initially, that lease was a -- somewhat of a loss leader that's bring over into the project, and now we're able to bring that closer to market. So that's an opportunity for us, and we already have strong activity. It's one of the best locations in the center itself.  As it relates to Lucky's, it's a Kroger-backed ground lease. So again, this is another opportunity where we had a grocery component in there on the low ground rent. We're now able to bring that closer to market. And with Kroger currently, it's currently on the lease.
Conor Flynn: We have recaptured the Forever 21 space, and we're actively marketing it right now. The ground lease that's backed by a Kroger, we have yet to recapture.
Operator: Next question is from Greg McGinniss of Scotia.
Greg McGinniss: Conor, I was just hoping to dig into the expected growth a bit more. So guidance implies 1% of earnings growth, which is similar to 2019. But in 2020, we're not expecting a drag from the lease accounting change. There's fewer prior year dispositions, and seemingly, there's a greater contribution from development. So considering these items, can you just help us bridge the gap on why growth maybe appears a bit low versus what was achieved in 2019?
Conor Flynn: Yes. I mean I think to your point, look, it's very early in the year. We feel like we've got a transformed portfolio. The developments and redevelopments are starting to come online, but it's a very fluid environment. We recognize that retail is changing daily. And we feel like we have to position ourselves to be able to recognize that if we are able to outperform, we'll be able to hopefully appropriately raise throughout the year. We feel like the 2019 accomplishments shine a light on how far we've come.  But that being said, we've got a lot of work to do. There's a lot of projects that need to come online. There's a lot of leasing that needs to get done. And there's still some retailers out there that we have our eyes on that may not be able to pivot and meet these -- the needs of the consumer. So we have to take that into consideration. And that's what's really sort of creating this -- the range that we put out there.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. And then thinking about that drag from dispositions a bit more. Ross, can you help me with this one? So the messaging on dispositions going forward has been consistent at this $200 million to $300 million range, but we came in $75 million above the expected range in 2019. You'd still expect $200 million to $300 million in 2020. Just wondering if there is some deterioration in operating performance at certain assets, which led you to be slightly more aggressive on dispositions. And then potentially, what could lead to an increase in the disposition range for 2020?
Ross Cooper: Yes. I certainly wouldn't characterize it as a deterioration in the operations. There were a few assets that closed in the last 10 days of the year that we initially had anticipated would be 2020 dispositions, so that certainly factored into it. As it relates to the overage on the guidance in '19, that guidance was always a net transaction guidance. So when you factor in the sale-leaseback that was achieved in the early part of '19, it was really about $40 million. So it was a little bit less than the $75 million.  But again, it was really just having a very robust demand for the assets. We typically, in years past, had about 80% to 85% success rate on the assets that we had in the market to closing. The second half of '19, every single asset that we put into the market closed, including ones that we thought would have been a few months delayed. So that elevated the range a bit for '19, but we're very comfortable that we'll be sticking within the range for 2020. And we have no desire or anticipation that we would move that range or ramp up our desire to sell more.
Operator: Next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: So Glenn, maybe you can help me with the builds versus occupied. How should we be thinking about your opportunity for narrowing that? Sounds like 270 basis point gap this year.
David Jamieson: This is Dave. It's 240 basis points currently so it compressed from 270 to 240. When we look at the 2020 and the flow of that run, we expect anywhere from $10 million to $15 million to come from that 240 basis points, and it will be heavily weighted towards the back half of '20. So when we look on the outlook, whether or not it looks expand or contract, right now, I think we feel good about the range. We do know if some additional space does come back, that we start signing those new leases, it could expand a little bit. But I feel like right now, we are in the range, and we'll continue to open new stores and work on compressing it.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate that. And then a follow-up. I want to go back to Boulevard for a second. Glenn, I think you mentioned $3 million to $5 million of NOI coming online this year, which is -- it's pretty far below what I was thinking just going through the quick math. $214 million fixed-cap midyear convention, I guess, we're around $6 million, $6.5 million of NOI. So maybe you could walk me through what I might be missing there and some color on that number.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I'm going to let -- Dave will take you through the timing.
David Jamieson: Sure. Right now, we're going through the process of preparing the retailers for opening, and we'll look to start opening them towards the back half of '20. There are items when you deal with borough development in the New York tristate area or the New York area related to inspection, the utility companies that you continue to manage and work through. So we're just -- as we're continuing to finalize the construction phase of this project, there will be influence on the timing of tenancy.  So that said, when you look -- at the end of the day, project stabilization, we still very -- feel very, very confident about where this is going to end up and the quality of shop, right, et cetera, but it's really just a matter of the timing of the openings as we start to look out towards the back half of '20 into '21.
Glenn Cohen: Right. Stabilization for the assets should be towards the end of '21.
Operator: Next question is from Brian Hawthorne, RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Hawthorne: Can you talk about your expectations for the timing of dispositions in 2020?
David Jamieson: Sure. I think the first quarter will certainly be on the lighter side. As I mentioned, a few assets that we thought would close in Q1 previously ended up closing the end of the -- the end of last year. So we'll see a little bit of a ramp-up in Qs 2, 3 and 4. And at that point, it should be somewhat ratable. But Q1 will be light on the disposition side.
Brian Hawthorne: Okay. And then do you have your anchor mark-to-market for the leases expiring in 2020?
David Jamieson: Yes. With the -- currently on our list, you have 89 leases that are expiring, some of which have options, and that's currently at $11 a foot, $11.54. When you look at our current anchors to date, we're just about $14 a foot.
Operator: Next question is from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley.
Richard Hill: A couple of clarification questions, maybe going back to the beginning. When you thought about the headwind from redevelopment to same-store NOI, was that 20 to 30 basis points? Did I hear that right?
Glenn Cohen: It's 20 to 40 basis points, not as a headwind though. It's embedded in the number that we used.
Richard Hill: No, no. I'm sorry for using the wrong term. I just wanted to make sure I understood what impact redevelopment was having on same-store NOI. And then on the loss reserve, you mentioned 100 basis points, which I completely understand. And our math as per the supplement agrees [indiscernible] 44 basis points. But when you talked about the known 30 basis points, is that included in the 100 basis points? Or should we be thinking about the loss reserve as closer to like 130 basis points versus 100?
Glenn Cohen: We take out, as Conor mentioned, we take out known tenants that are not going to be this. So those are out of it. There are other pieces that make up that -- where we see this other 30 basis points. So I would say, if no one else went out, we would expect 30 basis points of credit loss. But we know that's not going to happen. So we have this extra 70 basis point that is built into our budget process for all the other unknowns. So I would say, no, it's not 130 basis points, it's a total of 100 in our budget process.
Richard Hill: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just thinking about the -- sort of the trajectory of same-store NOI throughout the year. Obviously, 1Q '19 was a really good year with, I think, 3.7% same-store NOI. Could you maybe just revisit how you think about the trajectory of same-store NOI throughout 2020? Do you expect 1Q '20 to be maybe as strong as 1Q '19? Or was there something -- is there something specific that we should be thinking about on a year-over-year basis?
Glenn Cohen: Right. Although we don't give quarterly guidance, I will tell you that it's our expectation that the first quarter would probably be the low point in terms of what we would report for the year, and you'll see it ramp up as we go throughout 2020.
Operator: Next question is from Floris Van Dijkum from Compass Point.
Floris Van Dijkum: A quick question on -- a clarification, I guess, on Pier 1. I Think you have 30 locations, about 50 basis points of rental impact. What is your expectation if you were to get that back? I note that the average rent is around $22 a square foot, which is well in excess of your average anchor rent. Are you actively looking to market that lease or already marketing that space right now?
David Jamieson: Yes. We've been proactively looking to prelease the Pier 1 boxes for a period of time. And just to clarify, Pier 1 ranges in size, and actually, a sizable majority of them are actually below what we deem as an acreage anything over 10,000 square feet. So using the anchor average rent is not necessarily the most appropriate way to determine a mark-to-market benefit. Some will be up, some will be down, but I feel like we have a good opportunity there.  In addition to that, we obviously will be upgrading the quality of the tenancy and bringing in thriving retailers to help occupy those spaces. So as we continue to look out into '20, we're monitoring the situation very, very closely, and we'll continue to actively prelease those boxes.
Operator: Next question, from Linda Tsai of Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: On the 2020 acquisitions, the 5% to 6% cap rate, what upside do you expect in rents? And what does the same-store growth profile look like relative to the in-place portfolio?
David Jamieson: Yes. I mean I think that they're slightly different between the 2. When we're looking at acquisition opportunities, we anticipate, given the market that -- and the locations and the quality of what we'll be buying, that the cap rates will be in the 5% to 6% range in year 1. But any opportunity that we look at would certainly have a pretty significant growth opportunity, whether it be with below-market leases, redevelopment opportunities. So we think that anything we look to acquire over time will have a growth rate that's outsized compared to the existing portfolio and would continue to be accretive to the quality and the growth of the portfolio long term. But I can't really comment on the specifics of a particular acquisition at this time.
Linda Tsai: And then it looks like straight-line rent was higher on a quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year basis. Why did this go up a bit? And what's the more realistic run rate for 2020?
Glenn Cohen: So again, straight line is somewhat tied to leases that are getting signed and the leases being in -- the box being ready for opening or delivery to the tenant. It's just a matter -- that's really what's driving it. You have a lot of new leases that were signed in places like at Mill Station. You have a lot of leases that are getting signed in Dania. So there's a lot of free rent tied to those where you start straight-lining that in. The run rate is lower than what you see in the fourth quarter.
Linda Tsai: Okay. And then I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks, flat to lower G&A in 2020. What's driving that?
Glenn Cohen: More efficiency for one thing. If you look what we've done, we've reduced the size of the portfolio.
Conor Flynn: And also the leasing costs from a year-over-year perspective.
Glenn Cohen: That's really -- we do a very -- we spend a lot of time monitoring where G&A stands and try to do everything we can to keep it measured. And again, as the portfolio is reduced in size, we have reduced the size of some staff over the years.
Conor Flynn: We've updated our systems as well. We switched over to MRI and made a lot of investment there so we think there's going to be significant efficiencies and synergies coming from that investment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Lucas of Capital One Securities.
Christopher Lucas: Ross, a real quick one. Do you have anything under contract right around as far as acquisitions go?
Ross Cooper: No, nothing under contract at the moment.
Christopher Lucas: Okay. And then please be patient with me. I do need to go back to same-store on a clarification just so I fully understand, so bear with me. Last year, you did 3%, both with and without redev. The guidance of 1.5% to 2% is -- includes the redev. Do I understand to say then that without redev, the guidance would have been, what, 1.3% to 1.6% or something? Is that how I should be thinking about this?
Ross Cooper: With that -- yes, that would be correct.
Christopher Lucas: Okay. And then...
Ross Cooper: Chris, again, it's a starting point for us when we look at it, and you're baking in 100 basis points of credit loss. So a little over...
Christopher Lucas: So let me go to the next point, which is the known fallouts that you had from 2019, so Dress Barns and all that, that's 130 basis points that you know going into this year, correct?
Ross Cooper: That's already built into our...
Christopher Lucas: Right, right. So that's an initial drag, you know that going in. So that's already 130. So now we're looking at going into this year. You have 100 basis points of essentially reserve, and 30 of it, you already kind of know about. So there's 70 left of sort of whatever for the rest of the year. Is that correct?
Conor Flynn: No. Chris, I think what you're trying to get at is with the initial headwind from the lost rents of some of those retailers that went bankrupt at the end of last year. That's somewhere about 40 basis points. That is factored into the initial guidance, and that's not part of our first starting point guidance of a credit loss of 100 basis points.
Glenn Cohen: Right. So Chris, just to clarify, it's not 130 that's baked in. It's 40 basis points from Dress Barn as you...
Christopher Lucas: Okay. There we go. Okay. That's the number I was looking for.
Conor Flynn: Chris, I think it's just a headwind that we know of lost rent that's already out, credit losses for those that we anticipate going bankrupt over the course of 2020.
Glenn Cohen: Right. Said differently, if those tenants were all still there, the guidance would be 40 basis points higher. We know they're out so we started with that out of the number already.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Next, we have a follow-up from Christine McElroy of Citi.
Christine McElroy: So sorry, just to continue that conversation a little bit. So of that unknown, right, you mentioned 30 basis points and 70 basis points of the 100 basis point reserve. Is the 30 basis points all Forever 21? And where does sort of Pier 1 fall into that? That -- I assume that's in the 70. And any -- what is sort of -- what are your expectations around how models plays out? Like is that impacted in the 70? Maybe you can just give a little bit more detail on what you're expecting for the individual retailers in that?
Glenn Cohen: So we've seen the Pier 1 closing list, and we've modeled in -- again, we just got the list prior to what we were doing so we know that some of those stores we expect to close. That's part of that 30 that I was saying is known. It's not being driven by Forever 21.
Christine McElroy: Where does Forever 21 fall in? Is that in -- that's not even in the 100 because it's already in the range.
Conor Flynn: Yes. In Forever 21, we had a very small exposure. So when you're talking about Dania, it's Dania, the Phase 2 is not in our same-site pool so that would be part of it.
David Jamieson: And there's only one location.
Conor Flynn: Yes. So that's not part of the issue. I think as you mentioned, Christy, that hey, when we go through Pier 1 put out initial closing list. We know that there's some number of those stores that we have right away. That factors into the 100 basis points. And then for some of the other names that you've mentioned and some of the other ones out there, we factor in that impact. We look at the sensitivity of maybe potential timing of when during the course of the year that could happen. It's early. We'll have better visibility after maybe the first quarter, and that's what -- typically when we reevaluate everything going forward.
Christine McElroy: Okay. And then just to follow up on Linda's question around the noncash rents. Should we be aware of any sort of write-off of straight-line rent receivable related to some of the questionable uncollectibility or any sort of acceleration of FAS 141 this year based on any early space recapture that you're expecting?
Glenn Cohen: Well, okay. Last year, we had some below-market rents, which were certainly helpful within the number. There is less amount of below-market rent benefit modeled in our plan for this year than we had in 2019. As it relates to writing off of straight-line rent, again, it's going to depend on the tenants. So we run through, tenant by tenant, their credit quality, and if the tenant goes out, we immediately would write that off. But that -- there's a modest amount of that modeled in the plan this year.
Christine McElroy: Okay. And then just thinking about free cash flow after dividend, how are you thinking about -- sorry if I missed this, how are you thinking about sort of recurring CapEx spend this year relative to the last few years in terms of leasing, CapEx and landlord costs and sort of recurring maintenance CapEx as it relates to sort of growing your free cash flow?
Glenn Cohen: So I would say, in total, between Capex, leasing commissions, TIs, it's a similar range for 2020 than what we incurred in -- or spent in 2019.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David Bujnicki for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating in our call today. I'm available during the course of the day, if you have any additional follow-up questions. Otherwise, I hope you have a really nice day. Thanks so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Kimco's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco's third Quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, Kimco's CEO: Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; Dave Jamieson, Kimco's Chief Operating Officer as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements, due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make certain reference to some non-GAAP items and financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations website. With that, and I'm going to turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks Dave, and good morning everyone. Thanks to a team effort focused on long-term value creation and growth we had another solid quarter that validates both the quality of our portfolio and our earnings. Our team has been busy. In addition to the positive financial and operating results we posted this morning, we took advantage of the low interest rate environment, continued to successfully entitle new sites for redevelopment and delivered outsized results from our Signature Series mixed use platform. Today I'll give a brief overview of the leasing environment and some quarterly highlights, and then provide an update on our Signature Series achievements. Ross will cover the transaction market and Glenn will review the quarterly metrics, capital market activity, and updated guidance. The current shopping center environment is supported by favorable supply and demand dynamics in the top 20 markets. A near 40-year low in new construction and healthy interest from a diverse group of retail and service oriented users. As for our own portfolio, demand continues to be robust. Occupancy for the third quarter finished at 96.4%, which is a new all-time high for Kimco. Anchor occupancy also reached a new record high at 98.7%. The demand for space for well located shopping centers is being led by off-price, exemplified by Old Navy announcing aggressive store openings once they become a stand-alone company. Beyond the off-price category increasing demand from health, wellness and medical products and services continues to be a growing category, both in our sector and our portfolio. Our anchor tenants, including those that CNBC anchored Jim Cramer favorably refers to by the acronym watch, Walmart, Amazon, Target, Costco, and Home Depot continue to post positive same-store sales as they seamlessly integrate the online and offline shopping experience. With supply constrained for the foreseeable future, we believe that the tenants in our Rolodex will thoughtfully expand their footprints in portfolios like ours to better deliver instant gratification in the forms of Click-and-Collect, home delivery and convenient in-store experience. Turning to our Signature Series. These needle moving projects are enhancing the quality and growth profile of our portfolio. This quarter, we continue to enjoy strong leasing demand ahead of our pro forma at two of our flagship mixed used assets. Lincoln Square in Center City, Philadelphia and The Witmer in Pentagon City. At Lincoln residential lease-up has now reached 90% and at the Witmer we are already over 75% leased within the first 100 days of opening. At Mill Station in Baltimore County, we now achieved stabilization with the successful openings of a Giant Food, two TJX concepts and a Burlington store, anchored by a Grocer, Costco and Lowe’s and located at the intersection of two major highways and the subway stop, this center will draw from a wide trade area. Our Boulevard project in Staten Island continues to progress, and with ShopRite moving in shortly, we will be gaining control of their existing box which will expand the scope of our project. The existing ShopRite box represents a significantly below market rent opportunity to create value on another New York Metro asset. At Dania Pointe, our large mixed-use project adjacent to Fort Lauderdale airport and fronting I-95, we've welcomed a major new anchor to our lineup. Spirit Airlines has committed to acquire and build a state-of-the-art corporate headquarters with office towers and a crew training facility with flight simulators. Dania Pointe will be a flagship. Live, work, play environment and adding spirit to the project will drive significant traffic to the site at all hours of the day to enjoy all the amenities, restaurants, retail and services that Dania has to offer. Our current focus is to complete the projects in progress and entitle select assets for additional density, where we see significant value creation through redevelopment. Today we have over 4,500 apartments entitled on only eight sites, as we design customized master plans for each asset in our portfolio, it's clear that the runway for value creation is long and varied, as we anticipate and embrace the retail evolution and the growth of our mixed use development. As I mentioned at the outset, it is clear our team has been busy and we remain committed to creating a great portfolio that is resilient, grows earnings and creates value. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. We continued our modest level of transactions in the third quarter, selling eight shopping centers for a total gross price of $166.7 million with $70.9 million of Kimco share. Of the eight properties sold, three of them were held in joint ventures as we improve the quality of both the wholly owned and joint venture portfolios. Given the level of dispositions completed so far this year as well as the anticipated closings in the fourth quarter, we are comfortable with the high end of the dispositions range of $200 million to $300 million. Demand for product in the open-air sector continues to be healthy. Over 85% of assets we have brought to market have priced at or above our initial expectations. This has allowed us to be strategic with our asset pruning and to achieve cap rates within our budgeted 7.25% to 7.75% range. Our buyers continue to seek opportunities as the debt markets help generate attractive returns to the private levered buyer. Beyond the single property transaction market, we anticipate seeing a few smaller portfolio transactions announced in the coming months. For core market institutional quality assets, demand continues to be robust. We have seen institutions commenting on the need to rebalance their portfolio allocations with more grocery-anchored in neighborhood centers after increasing exposure to multifamily and industrial properties in recent years. This quarter we saw a transactions in the five cap and even sub five cap range in markets such as Dallas, Washington DC, South Florida and California. On the capital recycling front, the proceeds from our asset pruning activity remain earmarked for finishing the development and redevelopment projects in the active pipeline. That being said, we continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities that fit the geographic and high quality profile that we have created. While still aggressively priced, we will be strategic and opportunistic for the right deals. We believe we have the right portfolio, the right reinvestment opportunities and the right team as we finish 2019 and head into 2020 . I will now pass it off to Glenn.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. Our strong third quarter results represent a further continuation of our focused execution. We delivered all-time high occupancy, another quarter of double-digit in leasing spreads and positive same-site NOI growth. In addition, we reduced our financing costs with the redemption of preferred stock. Now for some additional color on the third quarter results. As a reminder, in connection with the NAREIT FFO definition clarification, we no longer include gains and losses from land sales, marketable securities and preferred equity investments in NAREIT FFO. We are presenting prior periods to conform to the selection. These transactional items were already excluded from FFO as adjusted, and therefore have no impact on that calculation. NAREIT FFO grew 6% to $0.35 per diluted share for the third quarter 2019 as compared to $0.33 per diluted share in the third quarter last year. Included in the third quarter 2019 NAREIT FFO, but excluded from FFO as adjusted is $11.4 million or $0.03 per diluted share related to the preferred stock redemption charge and $1 million of property insurance proceeds associated with claims from our Puerto Rico portfolio during Hurricane Maria. By comparison, included in third quarter 2018 NAREIT FFO, but excluded from FFO as adjusted is a $12.8 million charge or $0.03 per diluted share, attributable to the early extinguishment of debt and $1.5 million of Hurricane Maria property insurance proceeds received. FFO as adjusted was up $0.01 to $0.37 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2019 as compared to $0.36 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. The primary contributor of the growth were $4.5 million of same-site NOI growth, $4 million of incremental NOI from developments, $1.6 million of higher lease termination fees and $1.9 million of lower financing costs. These increases were offset by the impact of the significant disposition program in 2018, and a more modest level of dispositions in 2019, which reduced NOI by $9.1 million in the third quarter 2019 as compared to the third quarter last year. For the 2019, nine month period NAREIT FFO was $1.08 per diluted share and includes $8.4 million of net transactional expense items not included in FFO as adjusted. This compares to $1.09 per diluted share for the same period last year, which includes $5.5 million of net transactional expense items not included in FFO as adjusted. FFO as adjusted for the 2019 nine-month period was $1.10 per diluted share the same amount as the 2018 nine month period. Our nine-month results include a $12.4 million reduction in NOI. This reflects dispositions which reduced NOI by $45.8 million, partially offset by $16.9 million of same-site NOI growth, $10.9 million of incremental NOI from our developments and $5.9 million of higher lease termination fees. FFO was also impacted by the adoption of the new lease accounting standards, which requires the expensing of internal leasing and legal cost previously capitalized. Included in G&A for the 2019 nine month period is $9.6 million of previously capitalized costs compared to the same period last year. FFO as adjusted for the 2019 nine month period benefited from $9.8 million of lower financing costs as compared to the same period last year. Our high-quality property portfolio continues to produce strong operating metrics. During the third quarter, we signed 308 leases totaling 1.7 million feet at a weighted average rate of $19.73 per square foot. As Conor stated, we achieved all-time highs for total occupancy and anchor occupancy. Small shop occupancy stands at 89.9%. Small shop occupancy was impacted by the bankruptcies in store closings of Payless, Avenues and Charming Charlie which combined for a reduction of 55 basis points in small shop occupancy. Our team is actively working to re-tenant these boxes. For the third quarter, our new leasing spreads were positive 27.2% and renewals and options were up 4.6% for combined leasing spreads of positive 8.1%. Same-site NOI growth was positive 2.2% for the third quarter, bringing year-to-date same-site NOI growth to 2.7% overall and 2.8% excluding redevelopments. Minimum rent increases were the primary driver of the positive growth. Our spread between same-site leased occupancy and economic occupancy stands at 270 basis points at the end of the third quarter, the same spread as at the end of the second quarter. We were active in the capital markets during the quarter issuing a new $350 million 30-year unsecured bond and a 3.7% coupon and using the proceeds to redeem 350 million of preferred stock with a weighted average coupon of 5.81%. As a result, we recognized $11.4 million redemption charge. Our weighted average debt maturity profile is now 10.8 years and continues to be one of the longest in the REIT industry. We have minimal debt maturing in 2020 and have over $2 billion of immediate liquidity available. We've also reestablished a $500 million at the market common equity program, which we can use opportunistically. Turning to 2019 guidance. Based on our year-to-date same-site NOI results, we are raising our guidance for full year 2019 same-site NOI growth to a range of 2.5% to 2.8% from the previous range of 2% to 2.7%. We are refining our NAREIT FFO per diluted share guidance range to $1.44 to $1.46,which takes into account the $0.03 per share charge for the redemption of the preferred stock. We are also updating our FFO as adjusted per diluted share guidance range to $1.46 to about $1.47. The prior range for each was $1.44 $1.48 per diluted share. We expect to provide 2020 guidance on our next earnings call. We thank all of our associates who have been working tirelessly on all fronts with a common goal of creating value for the long-term. And with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
David Bujnicki: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to offer a reminder that you may ask a question with an additional follow-up. If you have further questions, you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Sherry, you could take our first caller.
Operator: Thank you. So, the first question is from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. I guess I was wondering when you look at occupancy and it has been creeping higher, but the leasing spreads overall have come in a little bit. How are you thinking about occupancy versus price at this point and are you able to really push price much further?
David Bujnicki: Yes, this is Dave. Good question. On the new lease spreads as you can see, we maintain very strong double-digit spread comps on new deals for the last 22 quarters. And so that continues to be a very positive trend. As it relates to the renewals and options this quarter was consistent with prior quarter. This was driven primarily by a few options that were exercised, that were that were low ranked ground leases, and as a result, they exercise flat with the Costcos and the Publix of the world. So you strip those out and you get to a more normalized rate of the trailing four. So when you look at the activity of where we are today in the demand drivers and the quality of our portfolio we still see room to run in terms of growth.
Conor Flynn: And we also see pretty good demand from the small shop tenants when you look at the velocity of the quarter. We did a huge amount of small shop leasing, obviously we are impacted with some store closures there, but we feel really good about the trajectory of that small shop occupancy as we continue to focus on leasing those up as our anchor boxes are reaching all-time highs that -- when those anchors open for business that usually stimulate some small shop residual leasing as well.
Caitlin Burrows: That makes sense. And then, Glenn, I think you mentioned on the new ATM program that that's now established. Could you just go through how you could use this going forward. Would it be to delever, make acquisitions, maybe nothing or just kind of the plans for that going forward?
Glenn Gary Cohen: I mean it's like anything else, it's any and all of the above, we view it as a tool that should be in our box, just the way we put it in a buyback program when it made sense. So it's a tool, we should have available to us and we'll use it opportunistically where it makes sense, whether it be to fund development and redevelopments, to further de-lever, we still have $225 million of callable preferred, so we have lots of options to be opportunistic with it.
Caitlin Burrows: All right. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead
Rich Hill: Hey, good morning guys. One of the things we were looking at was your credit charges and it looks like you're running below I think it was the 100 basis points guidance that you've given on prior calls. So I was wondering how you're thinking about that going forward and maybe in the context of the store closures that you may or may not think it's coming?
Conor Flynn: I think we really have to monitor the environment. We've been using 100 basis points as a reserve as you mentioned, which historically has been I think appropriate, and we want to continue to be mindful that retail is evolving and changing rapidly. Now the lion's share of our retailers have been able to adapt and are delivering what the consumer is looking for today. But there are some that are struggling a little bit and looking to change and some new leadership hopefully is in place at some of our retailers now that we are going to change that going forward, but again the 100 basis points seems to be appropriate. And we're going to continue to monitor that. But you're right. To-date, we've been running below that, because the occupancy has been higher than we anticipated.
Rich Hill: Got it. And then maybe just a related question to that, on Dania and I know you can't talk about Forever 21, but maybe there were some discussion about co-tenancy clauses at Dania. I view that as a pretty strong property and certainly as evidenced by Spirit. How should we -- how should we think about that property going forward, again recognizing you probably can't talk about Forever 21?
Ross Cooper: Yes. The activity at Dania has been exceptional. Specific to your question about Forever 21, we can say that that lease itself has not been rejected. They are currently going through a bankruptcy proceedings and we are in a wait and see mode to see the outcome of that. As it relates to co-tenancy, no single tenant is tied to specific co-tenancies, it's typically part of a larger equation, and in light of the recent Spirit announcement bringing 1,000 employees, $250 million of their own investment into Dania it is truly a city on to itself, and the demand has only increased and accelerated as a result of these near-term catalysts. So we feel very, very good long-term about the project. And then referring to Forever 21 as a specifically was one of the first leases signed at Dania nearly three years ago, located in the heart of Main Street, so its location is ideal, and there is upside.
Rich Hill: Got it. Thanks for the transparency on both of those guys.
Operator: The next question is from Christy McElroy of Citi.
Christy McElroy: Hey, good morning everyone. Just to follow-up on Caitlin's question on equity issuance in ATM, understanding that it's a tool in your chest to use opportunistically but given the outperformance this year, you're trading at a premium to consensus NAV, you don't appear to assume any equity issuance in guidance, but we are getting towards the end of the year, maybe can you just sort of discuss your desire to issue given where the stock is today in sort of the context of how you think about your cost of capital?
Conor Flynn: Hi, Christy, it's Conor and as Glenn mentioned, we do believe it's a good tool to have for us going forward just like our buyback program. And we continue to think that we're somewhat undervalued when you look at the opportunity set that we have embedded in the portfolio and all the Signature Series development and redevelopment that's coming online. We're going to be looking at it opportunistically to see if we should match fund or use it appropriately to maybe de-lever. But again it's one that we look at constantly to see what's the best use of our capital, how do we invest accretively. You've seen us to be extremely disciplined in terms of capital allocation over the past few years, as we've transformed the portfolio, we've reinvested in our properties and we continue to think we're on the right track and we'll use it appropriately when we see fit.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then same-store growth has clearly come in ahead of your own expectations from the beginning of the year. Some of that's been -- that lower pace of tenant fallout in 2019 and that inherent buffer, which you mentioned that you had for bad debt. As we look into 2020 do you see a scenario where same-store growth could potentially accelerate from the 2019 case, given that you still have this potential tailwind in the lease to commence spread and sort of how should we be thinking about your expectations for that credit loss buffer into next year?
Glenn Gary Cohen: Again, Christy, we're at a point now where we obviously have raised these same-site NOI guidance consistently through the year as the portfolio has produced stronger results than we originally anticipated. As we look forward, we're going to continue to monitor the retail environment. You can see the transformation of the portfolio has been remarkable. It really has shined in terms of the performance. And we continue to think that we have a very strong portfolio but that retail is still rapidly evolving. So we still believe that 100 basis points is probably consistent with how we are going to be thinking about the year ahead.
Christy McElroy: So in that context does same-store NOI potentially accelerate into next year?
Glenn Gary Cohen: Again, it is determined on the retail environment. We feel like our portfolio is well positioned, but we'll have to monitor the situation with the retailers that we're watching.
Christy McElroy: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Derek Johnston of Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston: Good morning, everyone. Thank you. Just a quick one on development yield expectations and how they've changed given tariffs and some rising labor costs. And I was really just wondering is the low-end expected yield still 6%. And can you see this slipping a bit lower and still making sense or will lower development yields, delay future project phases such as Pentagon?
David Jamieson: It's really a project by project assessment. I mean the reality is, and it's no secret that construction costs have risen over the course of the last several years and we don't see that pace flowing anytime soon. That said, the locations of a lot of our projects themselves are in high demand areas that are very difficult to seek entitlements and to develop. So it's really a case by case assessment. There are different yields, expectations too between retail and residential. Residential historically, as you know, is a little bit lower than the retail yield at times. But it's something that we manage we look at each opportunity on its own and whether or not it's the best use of our capital that given point in time and in all other factors considered.
Ross Cooper: I think we'll continue to look at the opportunity set of future projects, understanding where our costs have gone on the construction side and see have been able to keep pace or outpaced them. We have been pleasantly surprised at the Witmer in Pentagon City. We've raised rents 4 times. Our original pro forma had close to 22 leases a month, we've been experiencing over 100 leases a month. So there are cases where the yields have actually improved over our pro forma.
Derek Johnston: Okay, great. And then just -- maybe have a further update on Dania Pointe the master plan there. I have seen some discussions from the municipality over potentially some design changes, and I just don't understand how -- if at all that would affect you guys and kind of what's going on there?
Conor Flynn: No from a master plan perspective the Dania Pointe project has not changed. We always allocated a certain portion of our entitlements to an office complex, which we always intended to sell. And so that was not something we felt comfortable self developing due to the size and scale of the projects. What we've tried to do is de-risk the project by selling off the office component, which we were very fortunate to have Spirit commit to as a corporate headquarters. And then ground lease the residential components, which for the first tower is topped off, the second tower is in for permit and we're working on design for the third tower. We also ground leased the two hotels components. Those are Marriott AC by Marriott, again derisking it by having someone come in and take on the construction and development risk. The design of the retail has not changed, the Main Street is up and going up right now releasing that as you see in the supplemental and we feel very good about the momentum now at Spirit has announced and we continue to look at the project as a flagship for us long term.
Derek Johnston: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning. Just going back to Christy's question on the ATM. I mean clearly you guys have had incredible year-to-date performance trading. I mean, there are number of slight premium to NAV but call just add NAV. And one hand the economy seems spine, concern maybe there is, you have some softening in the future, but still be a shame to obviously look a gift horse in the mouth. So there seems to be support for you guys to issue equity to de-lever, obviously we've heard your judicious comments on the balance sheet and trying to be prudent with how you manage your capital position. But what's the reason or what's the hesitancy given how much progress you've made sort of repositioning the portfolio and also -- and waiting prudently for your stock to appreciate to match NAV before issuing. So what sort of a hold up as far as pulling the trigger?
Conor Flynn: Alex so we continue to monitor the situation. Obviously, we're pleased with the path that we're on, and the execution that with the team has been making. We like the opportunity set that we have in front of us in terms of development and redevelopment. Our capital plan, does match funding that this year with dispositions and you continue to see us price those aggressively in the market today. We have the ATM up so that we can use it opportunistically and we plan to do exactly that.
Glenn Gary Cohen: You also have a benefit. We do expect EBITDA to continue to grow. So although we are watching closely. net debt to EBITDA on a look through basis, we do expect it to continue to come down as EBITDA grows from the developments that are coming online and other things that we have in the hopper that we feel very optimistic about.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second is, obviously a big win with Spirit done at Dania Pointe, you've had good leasing progress on your residential projects. So Conor, big picture, the big developments, you're -- the big developments that you guys have, do you still view these as sort of specific developments that you'll do a few of? Or are you seeing success in returns that makes you feel like you could have a broader set of these redevelopments and grow more redevelopments through the portfolio?
Conor Flynn: Yeah. When I look at the portfolio as a whole, I feel like we're just getting started in terms of our Signature Series redevelopment program. A lot of what we have seen is our assets have a higher and better use and we can entitle that accordingly with our team. And then we have a methodical approach and how to unlock that value. I don't see putting a huge amount of projects in the pipeline all at the same time. I see a more measured approach where we'll take them one by one, do some deep due diligence on the projects, making sure we understand the supply and demand. The lion's share of what we're looking at going forward is more mixed use. There is no doubt about it. There is a lot of mixed use entitlements that we already have and we continue to see that being a significant piece of the puzzle to us going forward. But I don't see us adding a huge amount all at once. I think that $200 million to $250 million of redevelopment investment per year is appropriate that we can take on and continue to create value with.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks, good morning. I know you guys have talked historically about maybe $15 million of redevelopment income coming in. And I'm just curious as you sit here today, how you sort of feel about that number. What kind of risks there might be either to the upside or the downside on that number?
Conor Flynn: That continues to be in the range of what we're anticipating Steve. I mean, when you look at the projects and how they have performed and how they're moving forward. We continue to see that that is an achievable number. And we're monitoring, obviously the lease up closely. We're monitoring the projections closely. But so far to-date, the momentum has been there in terms of the mixed use as well as the retail absorption.
Glenn Gary Cohen: And Steve, just to clarify that $15 million is on the development NOI.
Steve Sakwa: Right, okay. Yeah, I guess, I mean, I realize you haven't given sort of a number for next year, but just given what you sort of got in the hopper today is that -- does that sort of seem like a number that is repeatable sort of on an annual basis or do you see that number sort of changing dramatically as you move forward?
Conor Flynn: We're going to look at 2020 next quarter and see how it rolls up. I mean we obviously have to look through the budgets and make sure everything is tied together. But again we'll be giving 2020 guidance on the next call.
Steve Sakwa: Okay and then just lastly on sort of the tenant watchlist, I realize things have come in a bit better this year on closures and your use of the bad debt. But when do you sort of look at your tenant watchlist today versus say a year ago. How does it sort of stack up as we look forward?
Conor Flynn: has, come down, I mean, when you look at what we've been able to accomplish, we have been selling assets with some at risk tenancy, we've been reducing our exposure to some tenants that have yet been able to pivot and embrace the omnichannel approach, but we're continuing to be mindful that there are retailers that are winning and there are some that are losing, and we're actively pre-leasing a lot of boxes. If you look at our portfolio, you can see where the acre occupancy is now over 98% leased and we feel like we have a good opportunity now to pre-lease a lot of these spaces that we feel we might have the opportunity to recapture. So it's a good place to be as the anchor occupancy sits at that level, and we continue to think that the demand sources are far outweighing the supply side.
Operator: The next question is from Jeremy Metz of BMO Capital Markets. Mr. Metz, your line is open.
Jeremy Metz: Can you guys hear me?
Conor Flynn: Yes.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, sorry, I was hoping we could go back to some of the same-store NOI question. If I look at it obviously you're up nearly 100 basis points from where we started the year when you gave initial guidance. Your net disposition activity is still at the low end at this point. So, Ross, I know you mentioned having some further stuff in the pipeline, but that's really not going to have much drag, but if I look at your overall earnings expectations for the year, it's more or less unchanged, really. So I'm just wondering what sort of has been the drag that's really offset the positive momentum, you've had on the core here as we look at this year?
Ross Cooper: Again we've had a guidance plan, we have a guidance range that we put out for the $1.44 to $1.48 that took in the low end of the guidance and the high end of the guidance when we started. We are heading towards the higher end of the guidance. You saw us now tighten up an increase at the midpoint of the guidance range. So we're towards the upper end of that range to begin with. So things are going pretty well. From our standpoint, we've done some refinancings that out occupancy is at all time highs. So we are reaching the upper end of that range to begin with. So I think we're pretty much on track with what we've laid out.
Jeremy Metz: Yeah, I guess, I think the assumption was when you laid out a 1.5% to 2% to start the year at the high end of that same-store range correlated to the high end of the $1.48, $1.47 over the midpoint is roughly getting to now. So just feels like there is some carry through that maybe isn't happening and I was just curious if there's anything else that maybe we're missing out there, it doesn't really sound like there is based on what you just said. So that's fair?
Ross Cooper: Yeah, I would say we're really on track with what we laid out as we head towards the upper end of the range. Jeremy the same-site NOI just talks about the performance of the current properties we have when you're looking through the FFO. It also contemplates as Glenn laid out earlier about the dispositions that we had in the NOI we lost from there as well as the new lease accounting that we had to deal with for capitalized costs. So that factors into it on a year-over-year basis.
Jeremy Metz: All right. And second from me, you mentioned, Glenn in your opening remarks, some of the closings impacted of the shop occupancy this quarter. Did you receive any cure payments related to any of those was at in earnings at all?
Glenn Gary Cohen: No, we haven't received any of those payments yet. No. I mean we'll file for claims as it comes, but nothing, you won't see that number in quite a while.
Jeremy Metz: All right, thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Hawthorne of RBC Capital Markets.
Brian Hawthorne: Hi. Can you talk about what is changing with separates plans at the Boulevard and been kind of go into more detail about what caused the scope of that project to change so much?
Conor Flynn: Sure. The existing shop rate is coming into the center from down the street and we were able to capture them to come into a more prototypical box for our redevelopment, as part of that we've been able to recapture their existing location. We feel like that's a real nice upside because their rents are significantly below market as I mentioned in my script. So they're going to be a more prototypical box size and they have big expectations for the sales of that box. And so we believe that recapturing their existing location is actually a future upside in terms of another New York metro -- New York Metro asset where we can create value.
Operator: The next question is from RJ Milligan of Baird. Please go ahead.
RJ Milligan: Hey, good morning. Obviously your stock has done well this year and as Christy and Alex commented you're now trading at a premium to consensus NAV. I think just now one of two shopping center REITs trading at a premium to NAV with other quality portfolio is trading at double-digit discounts to NAV. Can you talk about your appetite for larger public to public M&A?
Conor Flynn: I'm happy to talk about that. I mean, when we look at our portfolio, we feel like we're on the right track. We've been able to execute our game plan, create value on the asset level through our mixed use redevelopment program and lease up a lot of our remaining vacancies. We feel like we have a long way to go to really be rewarded for some of the other things we have in the hopper. We continue to always look at opportunities in the open market whether at these small portfolios one-off transactions are large portfolios, and we'll always be looking to improve the portfolio and improve the growth profile of the company. But that being said, we feel like we're just starting to get rewarded for all the hard work that we've been putting into the portfolio.
RJ Milligan: Probably a little early to be looking at that?
Conor Flynn: Again, we're always monitoring it. But we're just going to continue to focus and execute.
RJ Milligan: I appreciate that. That's it from me. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question is from Hong Zhang of JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: Hey, it's actually Mike, I think I'm on Hong's line here. So two questions. First, the Series J rate is similar to the case, why didn't you take the J out as well?
Glenn Gary Cohen: Well, again, we did $350 million, again we are cognizant, consolidated net debt to EBITDA as well as the look through number. So when you replace debt. And again, we used 30-year paper not short-term debt. 30-year paper to replace the debt, again, you see that the net debt to EBITDA on a consolidated basis did tick up about 0.4 times. So we didn't want to bring that number, so higher to start having any issues. The rating agencies we spent a lot of time with them on the logic of why taking out 6% and 5.58% preferred with a basically a 3.7% 30-year piece of paper made all the sense in the world and they were fine with it is still very supportive of our -- one of our ratings and our outlook, but we don't want to really push the envelope too much with that. And it gives us another opportunity of other ways to take that paper out, maybe even further more opportunistically.
Conor Flynn: It's a nice levered if further delever. I mean there is -- that's the one piece that we still have that's callable. So that's one thing that we've been looking at.
Michael Mueller: Got it, okay. And then the 4,500 resi units that are entitled at eight sites, are those sites at existing centers or are they all new locations?
Conor Flynn: Those sites are at existing centers.
Michael Mueller: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Vince Tibone of Green Street Advisors.
Vince Tibone: Good morning. During the third and fourth quarter, how much occupancy uplift, do you get from seasonal tenants such as Spirit Halloween stores. I mean, I'm just curious if you're doing any more or less of these deals than in the past?
Conor Flynn: We don't report as ancillary income occupancy. So those Spirit Halloween deals are temp deals. We don't actually report them as occupied. So those spaces are short-term deals that we continue to show as vacant. So we don't get any lift at whatsoever from those tenants.
Ross Cooper: But to put it in perspective, as our occupancy has risen and the anchor boxes are up at 98.7% you have less available boxes for those types of deals.
Vince Tibone: Right it makes sense. Are you able to quantify at all, like, is it, let's say, if you did include the Halloween stores in occupancies is that like 50 bps positive to occupancy or is that not nearly that much. I'm just trying to frame how big of a...
Conor Flynn: It is small. It will be smaller than that. We can give that for you the detail of it, but it's small.
Vince Tibone: And then just any economics you could share on those deals like I'm assuming you provide no leasing capital but like is this a fraction of market rent in your mind that they're paying or is in such a short lease they do pay a real rent?
Glenn Gary Cohen: No, I mean they work from a capital standpoint. There's no real capital contribution from our end. And from our perspective, we don't disclose economics of deals, but it's a fair deal relative to what they sell for that 60-day period.
Vince Tibone: Okay, fair enough. Thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: The next question is from Greg McGinniss of Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning, Ross, you mentioned low cap rates in certain markets, but we've also heard from conversation with brokers, private landlords that there may be some more interesting assets entering the market as private landlord shy away from increasingly intensive shopping center business? Are you seeing this side of the market as well. I'm just curious if Kimco might become an acquirer in the near future, especially considering the available of -- the availability of ATM funding now?
Ross Cooper: Yeah, we certainly do see opportunities, I would say that for, as I mentioned, the core institutional kind of down the fairway asset. There is no shortage of capital and cap rates continue to be as aggressive as they've ever been. We do think that there is a niche that we can provide in terms of some more value-add opportunities where we can utilize our platform that maybe some of the institutions are shying away from somewhat. That being said, the financing availability for those types of assets is still very robust. So, we are competing with private buyers that are able to take advantage of very attractive financing opportunities. So it's certainly competitive out there. But when we look at what we've been able to accomplish and where we've been heading. We think that it becomes a bit more attractive for us with our cost of capital to hopefully go back a little bit on offense as we get into 2020.
Greg McGinniss: Okay and then Conor and Glenn also mentioned utilizing the ATM to match fund development, does this potentially mean that we'll see fewer dispositions, which were maybe previously expected to fund redevelopment? Or are those assets non-core and they're going to be slated for disposition either way?
Ross Cooper: Yeah, I think we'll continue to selectively prune the portfolio. We believe that that $200 million -- $250 million that Conor mentioned in terms of spend, makes a lot of sense to continue as the run rate on our dispositions. If we have the opportunity and decide to accretively tap into the ATM or other sources to fund it will just be that much to the positive and the capital is fungible. So, there is other opportunities to also look at delevering potential acquisition. So we have a lot of opportunity to invest capital, but on the dispositions front, we think the pruning continues to be appropriate at that level.
Greg McGinniss: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, there. So Ross I want to follow up on the transactions if we could. So maybe you could talk a bit about the pricing achieved on the asset sold the third quarter versus your expectations. And given the fairly strong demand environment that you characterize, could you potentially sell a bit more than currently outlined. And then also as part of that can you talk about the growth profile of the assets sold relative to your same-store pool?
Ross Cooper: Sure. The third quarter dispositions were right in the middle of our range. It's been consistent through the first three quarters. So really no meaningful change, obviously somewhat is dependent upon the population of assets in that particular quarter. But it's been fairly consistent right in those mid 7% range. We absolutely could do more. The market is certainly receptive to it. We don't intend to do more. As I mentioned, we believe that it's the appropriate level, given the size of our company and the uses that we have for those funds. The assets are all generally mixed. Some of them are grocery, some of them are power centers with various opportunities for growth for the next buyer. So I would just say that we've continued to evaluate where there is risk in the portfolio. We've looked geographically at what markets we believe have long-term growth opportunities and where we think there is more stagnant growth. And we've also been evaluating with our JV partners where we see those portfolio is going into the future. So, it's a selective process that we're constantly monitoring, but we think that we have a pretty good handle on that process.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it, got it. Thanks. Conor one to you. I know you're not ready with regards to 2020 guidance. But from where we sit 2020 looks to be less of a transition year than this year and last year given the reduced disposition activity. Although tenant disruptions likely continue in some form. And I think it was last year in the third quarter call that you talked about we're getting to a mid single-digit 4% to 5% FFO growth profile once your portfolio -- once this period of transition settles down what the heightened sales activity and repositioning activities down here. So I guess I'm curious on any updated view here on when do you think you'll be able to get to that to a mid-single digit FFO growth profile, could 2020 be the year or is 2020 looking to be another transition year absorbed, albeit with a few headwinds in this year? Thanks.
Conor Flynn: As I mentioned before, we're not giving 2020 guidance on this call, it will be next call. But we do feel like we're making significant progress in terms of the portfolio transformation. You saw the results we've just reported. You saw the ability that we've been able to raise guidance on the same-site NOI pool through the year. We feel like the developments and redevelopments are all now starting to deliver what we anticipated. So, we're on the right path. We feel like we've still got a lot of work to do, but we're starting to get rewarded for all that work that we've been putting into the portfolio.
Haendel St. Juste: I appreciate that's. But certainly it appears that in prior comments you've made the point that FFO growth is a priority. So should we at least expect that FFO growth is the expectation at minimum, the next year?
Conor Flynn: We will be focused on growing earnings next year. Yes, that is something that you can take of the bank.
Haendel St. Juste: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. How are you doing out there. So...
Conor Flynn: Very good.
Ki Bin Kim: I just want to talk about the small shop leasing. I mean the leasing seems to be pretty stable. I'm just curious about where the demand is coming from and how much of it is net expansion demand versus just kind of shuffling of fees and moving into better centers?
Ross Cooper: Sure. Yeah, no, I mean for us these are net new leases. The demand drivers historically had been F&B has been strong health and wellness, fitness and this quarter for example CosmoProf at 45 fitness and training Foot Locker has been rapidly expanding more into the open-air world as well. Pacific Dental, the Joint Chiropractic shade-store, just to name a few of the of the small shop tenants that we're seeing in terms of new occupancy. And then as it relates to just the overall activity that we're seeing this quarter really represented one of the highest rates of new deals for shops space under 5,000 sqaure feet. So despite the bankruptcy is in the vacate that were expected with Payless, Avenues Charming Charlie's, the demand drivers were still very, very strong going into the balance of the year.
Ki Bin Kim: And then as it -- in terms of underwriting for the type of tenants or the merchandise mix when you think about those things. Has there been any kind of change in the way you think about what type of tenants bring in maybe they're good for now or tomorrow, but how much do you think about just the viability of that tenant and what they offer customers just longer term?
Ross Cooper: No, it absolutely, that's top of mind always I mean, at the end of the day, what we've really tried to focus on is expanding the utility of our shopping centers, almost more of like an 18 hour workday. So you have yet your coffee shop in the morning, then followed by services and fitness through the duration of the day with some apparel, then complemented by restaurants in the evening. So, the longer you can extend the utility of your shopping center the better and that really is only achieved by great tenant mix and merchandising mix. So it's something we always think about.
Ki Bin Kim: All right, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I wondered what the -- looking at the net debt to EBITDA, which is higher than last year, what is the near-term movement expected and what can we expect for the next couple of quarters in terms of your net debt to EBITDA number?
Glenn Gary Cohen: Craig its Glenn. I would guess that we'll end the year probably right around where we are. And then you'll start to see decline as we go through 2020 and into 2021. Again, we as you know, we have no debt maturities. Our funding is really been coming from the dispose for a lot of what we've done and we have a lot of other opportunities that are really in the hopper that we think can help grow EBITDA as we go into 2020-2021. So I think you're looking at kind of the peak level right now. And then it really should start declining as we go through 2021.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, good. And then if you guys could give an update on Albertsons and if there is any thought to an alternative way of realizing value outside of an IPO.
Raymond Edwards: Hi, good morning, it's Ray. With respect to Albertsons they reported their second quarter earnings last week and again really good performance same-site, same-store sales were up 2.4% that seven quarters in row. So Vivek, who is the new CEO is doing a great job. If you had a chance to listen to the call, I think you'll be really impressed with him as well. I think the company has done everything over the last nine months to get themselves in position to monetize the investment and subject to market conditions, we're hoping something happens sooner rather than later, either through an IPO, or otherwise. We're feeling comfortable.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Alan on for Caitlin. Just a quick follow-up. For [Indecipherable] in particular, is the expectation that those stores will close at the year-end with no termination fee and that's it. Has that been finalized yet. Do you know if they're doing the same with other landlords?
Raymond Edwards: Hi this is Ray, again. Yes. So the transaction we work out with them, which is what a lot of other landlords did was we negotiated lease termination effective as of the end of the year on all the locations. There is no additional termination fee to us. I mean, most of the lease we've had a, maybe another year or two after that, it wasn't like there were long-term leases. But one thing here, the benefit we got was the discussion started in May. So it wasn't like a bankruptcy where they file and then a day later you find out you got two months to find a tenant. We have eight or nine month to head start and working on that. So with best of 13 leases normally 20 bps of ABR. So it's a very small position for us. But again we've had a lead time of six, seven months and a leasing team working on getting the backfills. So we should be able to fill them up quicker with the least information, we got a head start.
Ross Cooper: Right. And they continue paying the rent that's right with the cycle. So...
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating in our call today. I'm available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. And I hope you enjoy the day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Kimco’s Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco’s second quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, Kimco’s CFO; David Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it’s important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. And with that, I’m going to turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. With the release of our second quarter results, it’s clear that our 2020 Vision is becoming a reality, as we continue to execute and create long-term value for our shareholders. We made solid progress on our portfolio leasing, as well as our Signature Series platform, positioning us to drive FFO and EBITDA growth, reduce leverage and improve our dividend coverage. We also have the benefit of balance sheet flexibility and liquidity with no significant debt maturities coming due until 2021. Our team is committed to achieving our goals and putting us in a position of strength as new opportunities emerge. Now for some highlights and some observations. The progress on our Signature Series is more and more visible, as our renderings turn into realities. Just this month, The Witmer, Kimco’s residential tower at our mixed-use Pentagon Centre project secured its Temporary Certificate of Occupancy. Pre-leasing activity has exceeded our expectations as we now have leases for 46% of the units, with tenants moving in ahead of schedule. We’re benefiting from the property’s adjacent location to the future Amazon National Landing headquarters, a project that is still several years away, but it’s already driving a significant increase in both residential and retail demand. It’s exciting to see this first phase of our Pentagon Centre redevelopment project come to life, and we’re equally excited about the future phases still to come. Going forward, the majority of our capital allocation will be on redevelopment, including selective mixed-use opportunities, where we see better risk-adjusted returns. Currently, we have over 4,000 apartment units entitled and see many more opportunities to expand this across our portfolio, as we seek out the highest and best use of our real estate. Just this quarter, we achieved additional entitlement approvals for 350 apartments at our Boca Raton asset, where we’ve executed a ground lease with a well-capitalized, local multifamily developer. As for our operating portfolio, leasing volume remains robust, as our portfolio and our leasing team continue to shine. Overall, shopping center demand remains strong for the right real estate. New leasing spreads came in this quarter at 37% and combined spreads were 7.9%. We believe Kimco is at the hard corner of where value meets convenience, which as Milton likes to say, is a sweet spot of retail real estate. We’re seeing continued demand as our occupancy level matched its record high of 96.2%, with a healthy level of interest for potential spaces we may recapture. Given the continued strength of our portfolio, we’re comfortable raising our same-store NOI range for the year. Recognizing that retail continues to evolve in a rapid pace, we continue to position our portfolio in dense markets and key growth MSAs, where we see the most favorable supply and demand dynamic and redevelopment potential. In addition, as buy online pick up in-store trend continues. more emphasis is being placed on the physical store, as retailers realize their tremendous value as fulfillment hubs for their digital business. Target, for example, indicated on their most recent earnings call that store fulfillment is more than 40% cheaper than fulfilling orders from warehouses, and there’s in-store sales per square foot and growing at a rate of 4% per year. It’s further evidence that brick-and-mortar can support incremental growth from online business without hurting in-store sales. While Target, along with Home Depot, are ahead of the pack in their seamless integration of e-commerce with bricks-and-mortar, the pack is moving in the right direction. E-retailers across the spectrum are partnering with brick-and-mortar retailers like Kohl’s and Target. They are leveraging these locations to gain returns, which in turn is driving up foot traffic. While some retailers will be unable to pivot and embrace the change, quality real estate will allow the nimble retailers to adapt to the new normal and find the right merchandising mix to drive traffic at all points of the day. While we’ve discussed this before, we have many unique attributes that support our proven approach. Beyond the quality of our locations and our team, we have many below-market leases, great tenant diversity and a proven ability to reinvent and transform our business as we have done over the last five decades. At Kimco, our focus is to look forward and anticipate the future of retail and be one of the leaders in providing the right real estate. I would like to thank our team for working tirelessly in a challenging environment. This group never ceases to amaze me for what they can accomplish. The greater the challenge, the more they rise to the occasion. Finally, I’m proud that Kimco ranks at the top of all retail for both social and environmental progress and the ESG rankings by ISS and through our recent inclusion in the FTSE4Good Index Series. This is further evidence of a culture that not only wants to be the best in its sector, it also wants to do things the right way for our people, our shareholders and the next generation of stakeholders in our efforts to create long-term sustained value. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. We continued our modest level of transactions in the second quarter, selling three shopping centers for a total gross price of $103.7 million, with $65.8 million at Kimco’s share. Subsequent to quarter-end, we sold another two joint venture assets with a gross value of $43.6 million, with Kimco’s share being approximately $6.5 million. Given the level of dispositions completed so far this year, as well as the anticipated closings in the back-half of the year, we are comfortable at the high-end of the dispositions range of $200 million to $300 million. Our strategy has been paying off as the core portfolio continues to shine and provide stability and upside for the company. Notwithstanding the success, we will keep with the strategy of being active asset managers of our portfolio, where we envision risk or downside to a property, or where we believe we have maxed out value for that center, we have moved them to the market and out of the portfolio. Our recent transaction activity demonstrates that demand for our assets remains very healthy, of particular note with the level of interest in our Latham, New York asset. Located in upstate New York and with a deal price north of $73 million, the solid quality and depth of the bitter pool reinforces our view that the marketplace – the market places significant value on open air shopping centers. Moreover, our buyer was able to obtain attractive financing, which continues to be readily available for our product type. With the 10-year treasury rates approximately 120 basis points below the 52-week high, borrowing costs remain favorable for the levered buyer. As it relates to core market institutional quality assets, demand outweighs supply in the marketplace and pricing reflects this. Recent transactions in Northern California and Texas have traded at sub-5% cap rates. A significantly larger wholesale club anchored center in Palm Beach, Florida, as well as a recent grocery anchored portfolio priced at just under $500 million in the Mid Atlantic region, both recently traded in the 5% cap rate range. While we have seen many examples of single asset sales at very low cap rates, it is encouraging to see a larger size portfolio also pricing very aggressively. While we continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities, we did not acquire any assets in the second quarter and do not anticipate buying any properties in the current quarter. Given the aggressive landscape for high-quality core market assets, we continue to see our best risk-adjusted return and the reinvestment in our best assets. This includes repositioning and strengthening the retail, while also adding mixed-use densification where appropriate. Overall, the progress we’re making has been positive and very exciting for our company, as we continue to hit new goals and milestones for the portfolio and the Signature Series assets. I will now pass it off to Glenn for a look into the financial results for the quarter.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. We are pleased to report another quarter of solid performance. Our portfolio operating metrics of occupancy, leasing spreads and same-site NOI growth, all generated positive results. The cash flows from our Signature Series development projects are ramping up and will continue to be significant contributors to our growth as they reach stabilization over the next 24 months. Now to some details of the second quarter results. As a reminder, as a result of the NAREIT FFO definition clarification, we no longer include gains and losses from land sales, marketable securities and preferred equity investments in NAREIT FFO. We are presenting prior periods to conform to the selection. These transaction items were previously excluded from FFO as adjusted and therefore have no impact on that calculation. NAREIT FFO was $161.2 million, or $0.36 per diluted share for the second quarter 2019, as compared to $158.6 million, or $0.38 per diluted share in the second quarter last year. Included in the second quarter 2019 NAREIT FFO, but excluded from FFO as adjusted, is $1 million of property insurance proceeds related to claims from our Puerto Rico portfolio associated with Hurricane Maria. Included in the second quarter 2018 NAREIT FFO, but excluded from FFO as adjusted, is $2.8 million, primarily from an equity distribution above our basis. FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO was $150.2 million, or $0.36 per diluted share for the second quarter 2019, as compared to $155.7 million, or $0.37 per diluted share for the same period last year. Our results include a decrease in NOI of $10.9 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to the significant level of dispositions during 2018. This impact from the dispositions was $16.1 million, which was partially offset by same-site NOI growth of $5.2 million and incremental NOI from our development projects of $3.4 million. FFO also benefited from lower interest expense attributable to lower debt levels and lower non-real estate-related amortization, as compared last year’s second quarter. For the 2019 six-month period, NAREIT FFO was $0.74 per diluted share and included $2 million of transaction income items not included in FFO as adjusted. This compares to $0.76 per diluted share for the same period last year, which includes $6.4 million of transactional income items not included in FFO as adjusted. FFO as adjusted for the 2019 six-month period was $307.6 million, or $0.73 per diluted share, compared to $313.5 million, or $0.74 per diluted share for the six-month period last year. Our six-month results include a reduction in NOI of $12 million. This includes dispositions, which reduced NOI by $36.2 million, partially offset by same-site NOI growth of $13.3 million, incremental NOI contribution of $6.9 million from our development projects coming online and higher lease termination fees of $4.3 million. FFO was also impacted by the adoption of the new lease accounting standard Topic 842, which requires the expensing of internal leasing and legal costs, which were previously capitalized. Included in G&A for the 2019 six-month period is $5.7 million of previously capitalized costs compared to the same period last year. FFO for the six months benefited from lower interest expense of $9.3 million versus the comparable period last year due to lower debt levels. There is no doubt that our efforts to transform the portfolio are proving effective. Our high-quality operating portfolio is generating strong recurring results. Pro-rata occupancy increased to 96.2%, up 20 basis points from last quarter and from a year ago. The improvement is primarily attributable to positive net absorption from the strong leasing activity during the quarter. We signed 324 leases totaling 1.6 million square feet at a weighted average base rent of $18.11 during the second quarter. Pro-rata occupancy now stands at 98.2% and pro-rata small shop occupancy is 90.5%, up 10 basis points and 30 basis points, respectively, compared to a year ago. Same-site NOI growth was positive 2.5% for the second quarter 2019 versus a comp of 3.9%, including 10 basis points from redevelopments last year. The increase was driven by minimum rent increases, which contributed 310 basis points and percentage rents and other revenues adding 10 basis points. This growth was offset by lower CAM and real estate tax recoveries of 70 basis points. For the 2019 six-month period same-site NOI growth was positive 3.2% versus a comp of 3.2% last year. Our spread between same-site leased occupancy and economic occupancy increased 40 basis points to 270 basis points from last quarter based on the active leasing volume completed. From a balance sheet perspective, we have no consolidated debt maturing in 2019 and only $102 million of mortgage debt maturing in 2020. We have one joint venture mortgage totaling $27 million maturing in the third quarter 2019 have and – have an executed term sheet to refinance this mortgage. Our weighted average debt maturity profile is now just under 10 years and our liquidity position is in excellent shape with over $2.2 billion of immediate liquidity. Based on our first-half performance and expectations for the remainder of the year, we are reaffirming our NAREIT FFO and FFO as adjusted diluted per share guidance range of $1.44 to $1.48. In addition, we are raising our full-year guidance range for same-site NOI growth from 1.75% to 2.5% to an increased range of 2% to 2.7%. We remain on track to successfully achieve our 2019 goals, notwithstanding the impact over – of over $1 billion of dispositions in non-core assets over the past 18 months and also the lease accounting change. And with that, we’d be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Yes, thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] So those instructions in mind, please hold while we assemble our roster. And this first question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi.
Christy McElroy: Good morning, everyone. With the stock price performance what it’s been this year, what are your current views on where your stock trades today and potentially using equity issuance as a tool to raise capital to further sharp the balance sheet and fund the development pipeline?
Conor Flynn: Hey, Christy. Yes, we have been pleased with the stock price performance so far this year, but we still trade at a discount to NAV. We’ve been looking at that carefully as we go forward and think we have some major milestones to hit this year to really execute on the 2020 Vision. We have the funding in place from our dispositions for our redevelopment and development pipeline this year and no real debt maturities. So we continue to think that as we execute, we’ll be rewarded, and hopefully our share price continues to trade closer to and hopefully above NAV. There is still pretty significant disconnect between where we trade and where assets are trading in the private market today.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just on re-leasing spreads in the second quarter, the spread on renewals and options was lighter at 4% versus the trailing 12-month piece, which has been over 6%. Did it have anything to do with the mix of options exercises in the quarter or what sort of drove that?
David Jamieson: Yes, Christy, this is Dave Jamieson. Great question. This quarter, actually, we had the highest number of small shop renewals, when you compare this quarter versus trailing eight, which had a – which in turn had an impact on the overall spreads itself. The reason for that is, if small shops typically are slightly shorter in term, they do have annual increases. So they typically operate closer to market. So when they do come up for renewal, you tend to see that spread being slightly less than what an anchor box should be when you look at our new lease anchor spreads as being significantly higher.
Christy McElroy: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Last quarter, you had mentioned that you were on track to deliver $16 million to $18 million incremental NOI. I wonder, are you – is that holding or has it increased or decreased?
Conor Flynn: That’s correct, Craig. We still are on track to deliver $16 million to $18 million of incremental NOI. We’re comfortable with that range. And as you’ve seen our projects and you’ve been on site on a few, we continue to be enthusiastic that the Signature Series pipeline is really delivering.
Craig Schmidt: And then just on the buy online pick up in-store, how many retailers can be involved in that in terms of one shopping center?
Conor Flynn: I think it can be significant. I mean, we’re in the early days of the retailers implementing it, some of the larger, the first movers are adapting quicker. But when you look at what’s happening with e-tailers coming in and partnering with physical brick-and-mortar retailers, I think, there’s a lot that can happen where the last-mile distribution hub becomes the shopping center. And when you think about all the different types of retailers that sit in a shopping center today, it really lends itself for being that, that most convenient point of either pickup or delivery. So we’re watching it closely. We continue to think that that’s what’s going to work in the long-term for retail and have been reinvesting in those assets.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Jeremy Metz with Bank of America, no, no, just BMO rather?
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys. You’ve always had a good start to the year. You’re running ahead of your initial expectations on the core, so you raised the same-store here for the second straight quarter. I was just wondering if you could comment some of the drivers between hitting that high and low-end. And in that, what are you baking in for Dress Barn in terms of the timing there? What sort of impact that’s going to have?
Glenn Gary Cohen: So in terms of Dress Barn, there’s really nothing that’s baked in into the 2019 number. Their plan right now is to operate the stores and pay rent through the end of the year. So there’s no real impact to that. In terms of the highs and lows, again, we are continuing to watch and be careful about what’s happening in the retail environment. So, again, watching with the impact of tenants and any further fallout will hit the low-end of the range, again, the leased up and the continued rent commencement is coming online helps us towards the higher-end of that range.
Jeremy Metz: All right. And I guess, I just want to go back to Dress Barn if – when they do stop, maybe what sort of impact do you think and what is the mark-to-market there? What would be the impact, I guess if they stop at year-end? I mean, how impactful would this be to next year?
Glenn Gary Cohen: So on an annualized basis, the Dress Barn impact on AVR is about 16 basis points. It would have an impact on small shop occupancy, it could be up to 42 basis points. So that’s something that we want to be mindful of. That said, what we’re seeing is great opportunities already with the backfills. And so what this does is, it always gives us an opportunity to pre-lease these boxes prior to us recapturing them and knowing that this has been an event that’s been forthcoming for sometime. We had a fairly substantial runway in terms of managing the fallout and then pre-leasing. So I think when we come towards the end of the year and into 2020, we should be in pretty good shape with new leases in place.
Conor Flynn: Jeremy, it’s 13 locations, 16 basis points. So we feel pretty comfortable with being able to pre-lease some of those before the end of the year, hit the ground running.
Jeremy Metz: Excellent.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank.
Derek Johnston: Good morning, everyone. Thank you. Similarly, can we get an update on Forever 21 and what is going on there and the size of the boxes that you have in general?
Conor Flynn: Yes, sure. Forever 21, we had very limited impact exposure at Forever 21. We have one out in California and then we do have a lease that we did sign with Forever 21 at any point back in 2017. What we’re seeing thus far is actually what we have in place, especially the one at Dania is the position that they probably want to be in going for smaller and box size in the open air environment, lifestyle environment, which could be advantageous. As it relates to that in our conversations with them, they’re actually fully under construction and anticipate opening into the back-half of this year. So nothing’s changed there. The one we have in – out in California is one that’s actually expiring with a significant below-market opportunity So we’re actually very enthusiastic about getting that one back when that lease rolls.
Derek Johnston: All right, thank you. And how do you guys think about balancing AFFO payout ratio really with the attractive value creation initiatives in front of you, specifically, Phase 2 at Pentagon Centre? I mean, is there any – so, Christy talked about equity, I mean, is there any appetite to possibly increase leverage here a bit, maybe adjust economics with partners, or any other unique funding methods Albertsons or such being contemplated to kind of push these projects forward in this rate environment?
Conor Flynn: I think when you look at our opportunities going forward, you’re right, they are numerous. And what we’ve elected to do for our shareholders is to entitle as many projects as possible. I think that really starts the process of unlocking the potential of the asset. And then we look at each asset individually about how do we fund it and how do we look at the economics of supply and demand where our cost of capital sits before we hit the go button. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are taking the approach of using ground leases for a number of our multifamily opportunities, that allows us to get the benefit of having residents live on-site to get a cap rate compression of adding a mixed use component to the entire NOI stream. And on – and we’re going to continue to monitor where we trade versus our NAV, and we do have funding sources from our dispositions that are matching up with our needs. So right now, we feel like we have a very comfortable position. We have been talking to our partners about opportunities and mixed use, and there’s no lack of capital for multifamily development right now. So that is something that we’ve seen and we continue to monitor to see what’s the best use of our funds, as well as matching up with the right partners.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Richard Hill: Hey, good morning, guys. I wanted to come back to maybe the 2020 Vision and specifically, the the ramp for the new properties that are coming online. You’ve made some really good progress in headline operating metrics moving higher. But FFO growth is still negative. I recognize a lot of that has to do with property sales and development. But as you think about that ramp, could you maybe help us think about that trajectory over the next 12, 18, 24 months or so?
Glenn Gary Cohen: I guess, first, take a step back and – your comment about FFO growth. When you look at the accounting change and the impact it’s had to the this year versus last year, if you back that out, actually, we’re actually showing growth. So that will take that point and address it. On the developments and redevelopments that are coming online, we do believe that that’s really what’s driving the FFO growth for us in a year, where we are dealing with a billion dollars of dilution from last year. And so when you combine the combination of the core portfolio producing the results that we’ve done so far this year and the developments and redevelopments coming online that $16 million to $18 million of incremental NOI this year, and then 2020, we have another $15 million coming online, we feel like we’re in really good shape, because it’s very visible growth. And that’s really what puts our EBITDA and our FFO on a growth path that we feel very comfortable with. And that really brings down our leverage and improves our AFFO coverage ratio.
Richard Hill: Got it. That that’s helpful. And just one more question, if I may. On Puerto Rico, I don’t think anyone’s touched upon that in a while. Any updates there? And what are you seeing in the financing market? The CMBS market seems to be wide open for strips in the U.S., but any loosening credit for Puerto Rican assets?
Conor Flynn: Yes. Well, first off, in terms of the operations of our Puerto Rico portfolio, I can tell you that it’s been well above expectations. We continue to see occupancy actually increasing and the performance of our tenants are doing very well. So the Puerto Rican centers are doing fairly well. To your point, there have not been any real transaction activity that we’ve seen. We have stayed in touch with the market and lenders, while our assets are unencumbered. We do believe that there is financing available for assets in Puerto Rico. We have heard of equity sources that have been looking in Puerto Rico. But we’re very comfortable with our portfolio with where we sit today. So we’ll continue to manage that the best we can and continue to track the market if any activity starts to stir up there.
Richard Hill: Got it. Thanks very much for that transparency on both those questions.
Conor Flynn: Got it.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: Hey, good morning, guys. I guess, Conor, if you look at Albertsons today and you look at their metrics and then the reported earnings, I mean, financial or better, profitability seems to be trending in the right direction, net debt-to-EBITDA is coming down a little bit. I mean, I guess, I just want to kind of get your view on kind of gross or maybe over the last six months what your view on the grocer is?
Conor Flynn: We’re very pleased with Albertsons results. So when you look at their performance and the positive same-store sales, they really set out some significant milestones that hit this year, and that hit all the ones that they’ve laid out. Ray, you want to comment a little bit on the bonds and what we [Multiple Speakers]
Raymond Edwards: Yes, sure. I mean, they – as you saw, they announced their quarterly earnings yesterday. And subsequent to that, a couple of the bond, analysts have upgraded their bonds, showing how the leverage coming down. And if you saw from their press release at six quarters of same-site growth in their stores, EBITDA is down over two years of a $2.5 billion. So we’re doing everything in the right direction to put us in a situation to go forward with an IPO at the right time. I mean, we – our CEO just started in May or April, and he’s been very well received by Wall Street and management. So, I think we’re putting all the pieces in place to – with good healthy equity markets to execute on an IPO, hopefully, in the near-term versus the longer-term.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thanks, guys. That’s it for me.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Caitlin Burrows with Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. I was just wondering in terms of the occupancy, it’s pretty high now at 96.2% on the pro-rata basis. So I was just wondering, going into 2020, do you think that that ends up being a headwind, or do you think that it is possible to increase it further as we move forward?
Conor Flynn: Sure. What we see right now on our box activity going forward and into the back-half of this year is very encouraging. So I think we could continue to see the potentially the lease economic occupancy actually widen a little bit further, in which case, so that would create new opportunities for rent flows in the back-half of 2020 and then going into 2021. As it relates to this year, in particular for the second-half the year, for those that are forecasted to actually start rent flowing on an annualized basis, it’s about $16 million of cash flow. And for the back-half of this year, we expect about $4 million of that to hit 2019 alone. So we feel very good about where we stand today.
Glenn Gary Cohen: There’s still clearly some upside in the small shop occupancy. I mean, we’re at 90.5%. We have leased up that’s got to get done on the Paylesses that have vacated and there’s more – with the balances of the Paylesses are going to vacate in the third quarter.
Ross Cooper: Yes. So on the payless the one thing we will be anticipating or we will be facing in Q3 is about 10 basis point impact on the remaining 19 Paylesses to vacate this quarter. Obviously, again, we’ve been prepared for that. So we’re in the process of backfilling and pre-leasing those spaces themselves. So on the small shop side, you’ll continue to see a bit of an ebb and flow. But to Glenn’s point, there’s upside, Dress Barn, as we already mentioned, could be another potential headwind for 2020, but we have a fairly long runway right now to address that. So all in all, we feel very good about the environment that we’re in. The quality of our standards are really shining through as it relates to this activity.
Glenn Gary Cohen: This is an incredible demand environment that we’re in right now. When you look at the the vacancies that we currently have in our portfolio and the activity that we have on them, it’s really encouraging to see the different sectors, really there’s a dynamic across multiple sectors, it’s not concentrated in just one retail sector, which is exciting.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it on that great demand side. I guess, just back to some of the topics on watch list tenants, some of the ones that we’ve seen in the news that could be closing stores, I don’t know if they’re in the Kimco portfolio, though, in terms of closures. So it’d be like Bed Bath & Beyond, Pier 1, Party City, I guess within the Kimco portfolio, do you expect headwinds from those tenants?
Conor Flynn: Yes, each of those have their own story that we watch closely and we stress test our same-site and our guidance in our budgets constantly to understand what the total impact could be. So whenever we go through our budget process, we’re constantly stress testing what’s worst case, what’s best case. The way we treat these is truly a case-by-case basis and lease-by-lease and really is supply demand. And within that, it’s something that we have to constantly monitor and be proactive about. But we stay very close to the retailers, very closely expanding retailers to make sure that we manage it appropriately.
Glenn Gary Cohen: I think one of the examples I always point to is the Sears Kmart experience that we saw, we only got two locations back. So we only – we have 11 remaining. And the reason for that is, because we have great locations with below-market leases. So even when a tenant goes through a restructuring, they typically want to hold on to the locations that give them the best opportunity for sales growth. And so we’ve been seeing that the stickiness of our leases is actually pretty strong.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning. So when you look at the lease spread page in your supplemental, you guys categorized about 20% of your leases as non-comparable. Just curious what makes those leases non-comparable? And I ask that, because if I look at the TI usage as a percent of rental value, which is the way we always look at it, it was 16% for what you call comparable, but 26% for what you call non-comparable. So just trying to understand that bucket a little better?
Glenn Gary Cohen: Sure. The difference between comparable and non-comparable is the timing when the prior tenant vacated. So we have a 16-month window between non-comparable and comparable. For example, if the lease went out six months ago and you backfill that lease within that window, it would then be comparable. On the other side, if it went out 18 to 24 months ago and then we just backfilled it today, that would be deemed non-comparable.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And…
Conor Flynn: One other thing to keep in mind is those non-comparable leases obviously have been vacant for an extended period of time. So it’s nice to see some significant activity in some of those boxes that have been sitting vacant for an extended period.
Ki Bin Kim: Right. And I don’t want to lose sight of that whether the lease price is a little bit weaker than what’s comparable or not, you’re getting a lease. But just for some color, what does the leases spread look like for the non-comparable bucket?
Glenn Gary Cohen: It varies. I mean, it’s such a case-by-case basis. So it’s really hard. The reason why we have comparable leases is, because it’s more of an apples-to-apples comparison about a true newly spread – renewal spread versus what a non-comparable is.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. And just last question. How often is it the case where tenants are willing to renew, maybe at higher rents, but coming back to you and saying, “What, we don’t need 30,000 square feet, we only need 20,000.” And how is that happening?
Conor Flynn: Downsizing has not been something we have been seeing across the portfolio. When you look back at some of the retailers that have gone through a downsizing, you look at what Best Buy did back in the day of trying to take their box from 45,000 square feet down to 30,000 square feet. And then they quickly realized that the disruption that occurs inside the box doesn’t justify the cost, as well as the repositioning, and they don’t see any pickup in sales in terms of productivity. So a lot of what we’ve seen actually is retailers that theoretically want to downsize have come back and said, “You know what, we’re better off in our existing box”. So 45,000 square feet actually works. And now Best Buy even tells us that since they went with their stores in a store concept, they have over 90,000 square feet of demand from smaller retailers to come within their store. So we really haven’t seen any significant downsizing across the portfolio.
Glenn Gary Cohen: I think the only other item I would add as well is that, you are seeing other retailers come out with different formats. So in terms of floor plates, a smaller format to a mid-sized format to accommodate the size of the boxes. So they themselves have become very creative in adapting to what the current environment is, because they still want the best locations and the best real estate. And so they understand at that point that they have to make those accommodations as well.
Ki Bin Kim: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital.
Wes Golladay: Good morning, guys. Can you update us on the development yields for the Pentagon Centre and Lincoln project?
Conor Flynn: So Pentagon, obviously is an early days of lease up, but we have raised rents three times since we started the process and we’re very excited about the absorption rate. Lincoln has also been strong in terms of absorption. You see the occupancy on the supplemental tick up pretty significantly there. But the yields that we’ve projected have been holding. So it’s one that we continue to monitor as this lease up continues.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Yes. So on a mixed-use portfolio with a multifamily, we’re typically targeting around a 6 to 6.5 yield on those two projects and we feel good about that.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then, when you look at the tenants that are signing leases right now throughout the portfolio, is there any region that stands out as being stronger than the other in any categories being stronger or weaker? More specifically, looking at the home furnishing category, has that slowed down with that overall housing market in the U.S.?
Glenn Gary Cohen: No, across the country, demand is extremely high. I mean, we’ve seen contributions from all four of our regions really at top levels. And it truly does vary in terms use, as Conor mentioned earlier. It’s fairly dynamic out there right now. So you’re seeing grocery expansion, you’re seeing home furnishing expansion, a home improvement expansion, fitness. So a lot of the categories that we – we’ve been discussing before continue to ramp and look for the best real estate. Obviously, experience, experiential continues to be a main focus, and whether that’s in a target box or a brand new e-tailer that’s coming into brick-and-mortar. Everyone’s really focused on how to attract that customer and make their experience unique.
Wes Golladay: All right. That’s it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O’ Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning out there. So just two questions. First, just as you guys look at the environment, both store closings, store openings, your gap between sign, but not yet opened has been rather steady. It’s increased a bit, but it’s – it hasn’t narrowed. And obviously, there’ve been a lot of headlines about store closings, but it sounds like less in real-time. So as you guys are thinking about this year into next, do you feel that you’re forecasting your modeling? Is it – is better than it was, call it, two years ago, when we were in the grips of a lot of store closings, the same, better? Just trying to get a sense for how comfortable you guys feel and forecasting where you’ll be just given that the gap between sign, but not yet opened really hasn’t narrowed and that there still are retailer announcements out there?
Conor Flynn: I think when you look back at that, that range that’s been consistent, because we’ve leased up really all of our Sports Authority and Toys“R”Us boxes and H. H. Gregg boxes that we’ve got back. So there’s a reason why it’s been elevated as we’ve been significant. We’ve done some significant leasing to backfill all those boxes to put us at all-time highs and occupancy. Going forward, that’s really something that we continue to monitor. It’s a very fluid environment. We feel good about our portfolio. We feel good about where we’re positioned. We feel good about the depth maturity profile and the liquidity position we have. But it’s really going to be something we monitor going forward as you’ve heard from a number of the retailers that they are trying to transition to the new world of retail and some will be able to and some will not be able to. But we feel like portfolio has positioned to outperform.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is, there were some comments earlier on pricing for assets, including portfolio pricing coming back. Just maybe a little bit more color. Previously, the comments had been smaller, maybe under $30 million one-off assets were always very strong, larger assets, maybe it was over $50 million or over $80 million where tougher portfolios were obviously tougher. Are the bigger one-off assets in the portfolios coming back in large scale, or is it just that we’ve seen a few and those few have had very specific qualities why they’ve traded. So maybe just a little bit more color there?
Conor Flynn: Yes, I still think the sweet spot for the majority of the private investor is in that $25 million to $30 million range. But it’s been encouraging to see a number of examples of $50-plus million, $70-plus million single assets that have had strong demand. I think that part of it is specific to the asset and the retailer sales and the dynamics of what’s happening in that market, a big part of it continues to be the availability of financing and with rates even lower than we started the year. It gives a very nice spread for the levered buyer. So I think there’s a very strong comfort level in the open air space and we’ve seen the investors willing to pay for that. Portfolios, as I mentioned, this was sort of the first sizable portfolio we’ve seen in a little bit of time. But we continue to hear about capital formations looking for more sizable portfolios of retail, so we’ll have to continue to monitor the market and see how that goes.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss: Hey, good morning, everyone. Conor, for the – this was the second time this year that you’ve raised same-store NOI guidance, but maintained FFO guidance. So what’s keeping you from increasing company expectations on that front, considering the outperformance in same-store growth?
Conor Flynn: Yes, that’s a good point. I mean, we have raised same-store NOI guidance two times this year as the environment has improved. We originally anticipated more fallout and we seem to experience more demand, so we continue to monitor that. But if you look at the math in terms of how much the same-site impact FFO, really hasn’t changed that much. And so we still feel very comfortable with our FFO guidance range for the year. We are going to be monitoring that as we go into the second-half of the year. And as the dynamics continue to be on the path we are on, we feel very comfortable with the range we have.
Greg McGinniss: Okay, thanks. Then, Ross, on dispositions, I know you mentioned you’re comfortable with the range. But I think the original goal is to kind of front-end load the dispositions. So I’m curious the top-end is still reasonable. Did anything change or buyers moving maybe a bit more slowly? I know it’s still an active market area. Are you switching up assets to sell? Just any details would be helpful there?
Conor Flynn: Yes, sure. We’re very comfortable in the higher-end of that range. Given the size of the volume that we’re doing this year, which is significantly more modest than years past. A couple of deals, timing delays can change sort of the front-loading versus the back-loading. So we’re in very good shape with where we’re at through the first-half of the year, or one or two assets that we thought could close in June, that would have been part of that first-half that got pushed 30 or 45 days, but are still on track to close here at the end of this month and into the beginning of August. We have a couple of closings in the next few weeks. So we feel very comfortable with that range. And again, at the higher-end of that range. So no material changes in any activity or the types of assets we’re selling. It really just comes down to timing.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. And just to reiterate, so kind of thinking that, you’d have probably a big Q3 here on dispositions and high-end is most comfortable for the full-year?
Conor Flynn: I think Q3 and Q4 should both be very healthy to get us to the upper-end of that range.
Greg McGinniss: All right, great. Thank you so much.
Conor Flynn: Got it.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: I apologize if I missed this. But looks like you have a few hundred million dollars of secured debt maturing over the next few years, where the rates are north of 5% and even some JV debt as well. And I was wondering, can any of that be refinanced early, just given where interest rates are?
Glenn Gary Cohen: It’s Glenn. Hi, Mike. The short answer is, we have to pay a lot of prepayment penalties to go along with that and a lot of that debt came from acquisitions. So there you have these above the below-market debt components that go to it. So there’s no real advantage to paying with prepayment penalties today. There’s not really a lot of debt maturing. We only have $100 million of mortgage debt that matures next year on the consolidated balance sheet and a lot of the debt that’s in the joint ventures for next year. A good portion of it is in our KIR portfolio and there’s a credit facility that’s in place to take those out and actually unencumbered those assets.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay, that was it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning. So first question is a follow-up on Pentagon Centre. Just curious on the incremental opportunity there. How many more apartments could you potentially build that you get your targeted additional entitlements? And it might be a bit early, but what types of timing or returns or anything incremental can you share with us?
Glenn Gary Cohen: Sure. We’re going through currently the permitting process for the second tower, which should be on the backside of Pentagon, that right now could be approximately 250 units, residential units, so that’d be our near-term opportunity that we could look to activate now. We have to go through the permitting and the bid process, in which case, then we’ll assess what the value potential is there. Obviously, what’s been so encouraging about the Witmer, which is the first hour at Pentagon is although the announcement for Amazon has occurred to date, there’s been no Amazon employees actually occupying our building. So, as Conor mentioned, we’re at 46% as of the end of – at the end of June. But that’s really not taken into consideration any future influence or impact on the demand from Amazon employee. So then when you look out two, three years by the second tower we push that forward, obviously, that will be a time in which Amazon starting to take some effect into the market. And so we can feel very good about that potential.
Conor Flynn: Just to be clear, we have $2 million square feet of additional entitlements already secured at the site. And so that’s for another tower of apartments and then a hotel tower and then an office tower. And so the near-term opportunity is to activate a parking lot for the second tower residential.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks. And one more and, Conor, for you. I guess, I’m more curious on your view on M&A in the shopping center space today. Given the improvement in your stock and your multiple and your long-term portfolio goals, I’m just curious, if there’s a scenario in which Kimco could be a player. And maybe what are some of the more important guardrails and requirements that you would require to be involved?
Conor Flynn: Kimco has been a consolidator. We’ve bought five public companies, and we’re obviously very large. I think when you look at our stock today, we still trade at a meaningful discount to NAV. And so when you look at the milestones that we intend to hit to help our stock, I mean, we still have a lot of work to do and we have a lot of execution to take care of. And if we get to a point where our stock comes back and we have a cost of capital that’s advantageous. We would look at further improving our 2020 Vision, which is really focusing on our core markets, understanding where we have boots on the ground and efficiencies of scale. I think the last thing you would see us do is run back into the markets that we’ve taken the last few years to exit. And so we’re going to be very disciplined and we recognize that we’ve got a lot of work to do. But we’ve been executing and continue to do so going forward.
Haendel St. Juste: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays.
Linda Tsai: Hi, how much the credit, hundred bits of credit loss reserve for 2019 has been used on a year-to-date basis? And how does that compare to the same time last year?
Glenn Gary Cohen: So far, we’ve used 30 basis points of 100 basis points through the first six months. And we’re a little bit better than where we were last year.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then most of the discussion around credit loss is focused on national chains, right-sizing their store basis. But how has credit loss trended for the mom-and-pops over the last six to 12 months?
Glenn Gary Cohen: The – when you look at the small shop occupancy, when you less out the impact of what Payless was, we’re pretty much on trend to where we thought we’d be in holding those small shop occupancy steady or slightly increasing. So I think that is evidence to the strength of the mom-and-pop retailer right now. Obviously, the franchise model over the last eight years out of the recession has created a really good opportunity for mom-and-pop retailers to take an existing business and expand it and really focus on day-to-day operations. So I think that’s proven itself out well.
Conor Flynn: I think it’s a reflection of the strength of the consumer. I mean, when you look at where we sit today and how strong the consumer is, the mom-and-pops have been – we’re at –we’re sitting at near all-time highs for small shop occupancy, and the mom-and-pop has been a big player that.
Linda Tsai: Thanks for that. Last one, how are you weighing the decision to allocate capital towards redevelopment versus buybacks given your comment that the stock continues to trade at a discount?
Glenn Gary Cohen: I think when we look at our cost of capital today and the best use of funds, we continue to think that redevelopment is the best use today. Obviously, we bought back stock previously when we’re trading at a meaningful discount to NAV, but we’ll continue to monitor where we trade and continue to look at where our dispositions are trading and we can match fund accordingly. So we feel pretty good about where we sit today.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. I’m just curious how you guys are sort of looking at or thinking about the Kroger-Ocado relationship. I know they’ve opened up a few facilities in the US. And I’m just curious if you have any centers that are nearby, if there’s been any impact and how you sort of think about that relationship longer-term?
Conor Flynn: We are monitoring it. I think it’s something that continues to evolve, along with Click & Collect. That is sort of the next wave of, I think, pilots of how they’re going to be delivering more effectively in dense markets across the country. Right now, what we see in our grocery portfolio is a lot of groceries either typically use Instacart, or some of them have brought it in-house to boost their loyalty program. We continue to think that the store is actually, as I mentioned in my earlier comments and what Target has seen, a more effective and more cost-efficient structure. But again, we’re monitoring that closely to see what changes and how that relationship evolves.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities.
Christopher Lucas: Hey, good morning, everybody. Just a detailed question on the Witmer. When do you – and I apologize if I missed this. When do you expect movements to begin and when do you go from capitalizing to expensing on that project?
Ross Cooper: Sorry, [Multiple Speakers] move-ins have began.
Conor Flynn: Move-ins have already started.
Ross Cooper: Yes, yes. Move-ins started July 1 once we got the TCO, so that will allow people to start moving in and they’ll continue obviously now through the end of the year. Really, at this point, what’s an interesting problem that we have is due to the velocity of the leasing at Pentagon, it’s actually accommodating all the move-in requirements day-in and day-out. It becomes very, very busy and very active, but it’s a good problem to have. So we’re willing to take on that challenge. We have already started.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Right, the expense in gross capitalization will happen in the next quarter or so.
Christopher Lucas: Okay. And then I guess, just in terms of how you’re thinking about economy, you mentioned that the rents have been, I guess, increased three times, as you thought about, sort of performing the outcome there. Where are rents today, as you sit? And then as it relates to sort of stabilization? What are you guys thinking in terms of when that occurs?
Glenn Gary Cohen: Sure, yes. On the rent side, we’re typically around at blended average of about $3.24 on the units. As it relates to stabilization, we’d always forecasted 18 to 24 months. So we’re going to maintain that for now, obviously, we’re ahead of plan. We are in a high season of leasing. So we anticipated to have a slightly higher volume today than what would happen sort of late fall into winter. So before we make any adjustments, we want to maintain our budget and our plan and we’ll see how we trend through the balance of the year.
Conor Flynn: I will add that, our apartment manager there who manages thousands of units has not seen demand like this before in his experience.
Christopher Lucas: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. And as there are no more questions at the present time, I would like to return the floor to David Bujnicki for any closing comments.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating on our call today. I’m available the rest of the day to answer any follow-up questions you may have. Enjoy the rest of the day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to Kimco's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's first quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, Kimco's CFO; Dave Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations Web site. And with that, I'm turning the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning everyone. Today I'll briefly discuss the current shopping center environment, and how Kimco's strategy is designed to meet today's challenges and create a growth platform going forward. I will then touch on some of our Q1 highlights and describe the remarkable progress we're making on our Signature Series assets. Ross will follow with a review of our Q1 transaction activity and then discuss the current transaction market and our investment outlook. Glenn will close with the discussion of some additional quarterly accomplishments and provide our updated guidance for the year ahead. In the retail real estate space, we anticipate store optimization plans to continue as underperforming locations will likely not survive the new world order of retail Darwinism. At the same time, however, we see strong demand for new stores with particular strength in off-price beauty, fitness, restaurants, medical, and services. We track store openings across the country, and by our count, the number of 2019 openings are over 5,500 more than double the widely reported numbers in the media. We also anticipate that the buy online pick up in-store phenomenon will grow at a significant rate placing more value on physical locations that can adapt and drive even more profitability. The ICSC halo effect report is clear evidence of how important physical retail is to e-commerce growth. According to the report, opening a physical store has shown significantly increased web traffic for the retailer in that market, and conversely, traffic drops off when retailers close stores. We have positioned ourselves to take advantage of and withstand the vicissitudes of the retail real estate environment. Our assets are concentrated in high quality markets with high barriers to entry, and anchored by profitable high volume stores. These are the locations where retailers want to be, and will invest heavily to integrate e-commerce with their physical footprint. And talking to our retailer partners, we have heard consistently that there is no lack of available retail space on the market, but there is a lack of high quality retail space. Our quality locations below market leases and the diversity of our tenant base give us tremendous flexibility and sustaining power to navigate the current environment. The new age of retail is evolving rapidly, but we are focused on staying ahead of the curve and finding the right real estate to unlock embedded growth. Now to the highlights, we are off to a good start this year with our portfolio of producing stronger-than-anticipated growth. Our first quarter same-store NOI increased 3.7% and for the first time in over 10 years, our occupancy climbed in Q1 by 20 basis points. Higher retention and higher leasing volumes drove the outperformance. New deals with Target, Old Navy, Ulta, Burlington, Ross, Five Below, and many others illustrate that our portfolio caters to the successful and growing concepts in the retail world today. Our team executed on a disposition plan in 2017 and 2018 to address the lowest tranche of the portfolio. Since the drag from the portfolio has been removed, our quality and our growth are starting to shine through. Our priority this year is focused on completing and opening the balance of our Signature Series portfolio. We are reaching the final stages of a multi-year investment program that will start to generate significant cash flow to the portfolio. We are on track to deliver $16 million to $18 million of incremental NOI this year that will drive our EBITDA and FFO, increase our free cash flow and strengthen our dividend coverage ratio. Some highlights from Q1 include the opening of Lowes at Mill Station, TJMaxx and Hobby Lobby at Dania Pointe and the commencement of the residential ground lease at Dania Pointe Phase II. In addition to this we are also on schedule to deliver this summer, The Witmer, a 440-unit residential tower at our Pentagon Centre, which is across the street from Amazon planned HQ2 in Arlington, Virginia. As we keep an eye towards the future, we continue to make substantial progress with our mixed use platform. To date, we have a total of our 4,300 residential units and 550 hotels keys entitled under construction or open and operating. With respect to the entitlements we are creating a multiyear runway of future investment opportunities that we can activate at our discretion. Over the long-term this will change the growth profile and quality of our largest NOI contributors. Glenn will go into more detail that our balance sheet remains strong affording us the both flexibility to growth and protection to withstand any bumps in the road. In the end, for us, it is all about quality assets and strong leasing and as Q1 shows, the organic growth of our high-quality portfolio continues to improve. Our team is committed to stay in the course and producing solid results. Finally, I would like to thank Joe Grills, outgoing Chairman of the Executive Compensation Committee and Dick Dooley, outgoing Lead Director and Chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee for their long and devoted service to the board. In addition to their extraordinary leadership, commitment to Kimco and the many contributions that they have made over the years, these two gentlemen have always conducted themselves in a thoughtful and professional manner characterized by integrity, civility and honesty. They have set a high and enduring standard for our board members and leave behind a lasting legacy. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. The first quarter of the year went according to plan with only a modest level of transactions taking place. Following the heavy transformation activity we undertook in 2017 and 2018, we're extremely excited about the current portfolio and the results for the quarter showcased that the improvement in quality is paying off. We sold seven assets so far this year with gross proceeds of approximately $102 million and $85 million of Kimco share. We expect the disposition volume to be similar in the second quarter with the majority of our transaction activity completed by the middle of the year. We remain confident in our range of net disposition activity of $200 million to $300 million for the year. Two highlights for the quarter with the sale of our last Fione [ph] shopping center asset in Missouri and a property in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. The Palm Beach Gardens sale is an example of our disciplined approach to capital allocation when evaluating mixed use redevelopment opportunities. Palm Beach Gardens was a site that was being considered for additional density and after receiving an offer from an aggressive buyer we did a deep evaluation of either a self-development scenario, joint venture or ground lease approach. We concluded that the most accretive and best value creation proposition was an outright sale of the site. The first quarter asset sales produced a blended sub 7% average cap rate on in-place NOI driven by the sale of our Arboretum Crossing asset which had a vacant former Toys R Us box at the time of closing. Given the execution in Q1 and expectation for pricing on the remainder of the sales in 2019, we anticipate the blended average cap rates for the full-year of sales to be in the 7% in the quarter to 7.75% range, an improvement over our prior expectation of 7.5% to 8%. On the acquisitions front, last quarter we announced the $31 million sale leaseback transaction with Albertsons to acquire the unowned grocery anchors at three of our Tier-1 West Coast assets. There were no additional acquisitions completed so far this year. While we continue to evaluate opportunities to strategically and accretively enhance the existing portfolio, our main focus is internal growth with the signature series development and redevelopment program which is progressing at a very exciting pace. I'll now pass it off to Glenn for a deeper dive into the financial results.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks from us, and good morning. Our execution in the first quarter of 2019 has generated increased occupancy, strong same size NOI growth and significant progress on our development and redevelopment projects. Now before I discuss the details of our first quarter, I want to bring to your attention the change in how we report NAREIT FFO. In accordance with the NAREIT FFO definition restatement, we've elected to exclude gains and losses from the land sales, marketable securities, and preferred equity investment transactions. We will present prior periods to conform to this election. Please keep in mind that these transactional items were previously excluded from FFO as adjusted, and therefore, has no impact on that calculation. Now for some color on the first quarter results, NAREIT FFO was $0.38 per diluted share for the first quarter 2019, the same level as Q1 2018. The current quarter includes the receipt of a $1 million of insurance proceeds related to our Puerto Rico portfolio that was in excess of the property basis. Last year's first quarter included $4.3 million of gain on forgiveness of debt. Both of these amounts have been excluded from FFO as adjusted. FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO was a $157.4 million for the first quarter of 2019 as compared to $157.8 million for the same period last year, resulting in $0.37 per diluted share for each quarter. Our first quarter results benefited from lower interest expense of $6.3 million due to the lower debt levels, while G&A expense was higher by $4.1 million, primarily from lower internal leasing and legal capitalization resulting from the adoption of the new lease accounting standard Topic 842. We also had a $1 million decrease in NOI, which is remarkable since we lost $20 million of NOI from the $1 billion of dispositions we completed over the past 15 months. Offsetting the NOI reduction from these sales was $7.7 million of organic growth from the same-site pool and $3.5 million incremental contribution from our development projects. There were also higher lease termination fees of $3.8 million and higher straight line rental income and recapture of below market rents during the quarter. For the rest of 2019, we don't have any additional lease termination fees in our full-year guidance and expect the gap items of straight line rent and above and below market rents to revert to more normalized levels. Our transformed operating portfolio continues to produce positive results pro-rata occupancy increased to 96% up 20 basis points from year-end as tenet vacates were lower than anticipated. Pro-rata anchor occupancy is 97.8% up 40 basis points from year-end and small shop occupancy is 90.6% ninety down 50 basis points from year-end due to the seasonal vacates there for the holiday season, but up 100 basis points over the year ago quarter. Due the tremendous effort by our team pro-rata leasing spreads continued a strong performance with first quarter 2019 new leasing spreads increasing 17.4%. Renewals and options also grew by 7.1% with our combined pro-rata leasing spreads up overall by 8.9%. Same-site NOI growth was positive 3.7% for the first quarter 2019 versus a comp of 2.5% last year, primarily driven by increases in minimum rent contributing 320 basis points and other revenues up 80 basis points which includes 40 basis points from the Mattress Firm leases previously rejected. Offsetting these increases in same-site NOI growth is modestly higher credit was negative 10 basis points and lower operating expense recoveries negative 20 basis points. Turning to the balance sheet, we finished the first quarter 2019 with consolidated net debt to recurring EBITDA of 5.7 times, improving from the 6 times level at year-end. On a look-through basis including pro-rata JV debt and perpetual preferred stock outstanding, the level is 7.2% times improving from the 7.5 times at year-end. Our liquidity position remains very strong with over $2 billion of immediate liquidity available and only $100 million outstanding on our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility. We have no debt maturities for the balance of 2019 and only minimal debt due in 2020. Our weighted average debt maturity profile now stands at 10.2 years, one of the longest in the REIT industry. Based on the solid first quarter results, we are reaffirming our NAREIT FFO and FFO as adjusted guidance range of $1.44 to $1.48 per diluted share. In addition, we are raising our full-year guidance range for same-site NOI growth from 1.5% to 2.5% to a new range of 1.75% to 2.5%. And with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
David Bujnicki: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to offer a reminder that you may ask a question with a follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. And Adie, you could take our first caller.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today is from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead
Rich Hill: Hey, good morning, guys. Really impressive same-store NOI this quarter, so one other things that we had noticed was CapEx was -- looks it like it was meaningfully higher than it was in prior quarters and certainly prior to the four prior quarter, so I was wondering if you could maybe just give us some guidance about what drove that and how tenants are thinking about CapEx at this point as you have some pretty impressive leasing philosophy?
Dave Jamieson: Sure. We appreciate it. This is Dave Jamieson. Our CapEx is elevated from the prior quarter, but it's also important to note that our rents as well have increased as it relates to the increasing costs as well as our weighted average term of our leases. So, when you look at this environment today, we are driving higher rents to offset that additional cost. The cost itself is really driven by the elevation of construction costs, hard cost and labor. So that's the trend that we've seen throughout the course in the industry. But when you tie it all together, our net effect of rent is actually improving. It improved over 5% relative to our total base rent. This quarter, so the net effect is, it's heading in the right direction as we had hoped. As we go forward, we continue to see the same situation occur. It's something that we always have to be mindful of, but that's really what the driver has been. But again, as I tie it all back together, our net effect of rent continues to improve quarter-over-quarter.
Rich Hill: Got it. And so just to be, just be clear, it sounds like most of the CapEx increases are coming from just construction costs and labor costs, and that's obviously -- and that's a trend we've seen across other property types. So I just wanted to make sure that I understood that correctly?
Dave Jamieson: Yes.
Conor Flynn: Yes. You got it.
Rich Hill: Okay, great. I think that's my question and -- my one follow-up. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Good morning, guys. You did $37 million in the quarter for same-store, which is certainly strong, but you kept the -- and guidance went up by 25 basis points, but you're suggesting sort of a bit of deceleration in the coming quarters. Can you walk us through, I guess, the trajectory of growth over the next few quarters, what are kind of the pluses and minuses we need to think about sort of to get you back to the midpoint of guidance? Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Samir, hi, it's Glenn. Again, we're very pleased obviously with the first quarter results where they came in, but it is still early in the year, and we want to just take and do a full assessment over the next 90 days as we look at guidance. I can tell you that we actually have stress test our portfolio as we look at tenants that may have impact through the year, tenants that are actually on the watch list. And we feel very comfortable with our current guidance range and are comfortable toward the mid to upper end of that range. Few things to kind of keep an eye on as we go through the quarter and through the rest of the year really would be the timing of rent commencements and what unexpected tenant fall that could have on same-site NOI growth. So we want to just take it slow, quarter-by-quarter and try and produce the numbers that we think will be well appreciated by the street.
David Bujnicki: Samir, I have one more follow-up, this is Dave Bujnicki. I just want to also keep in mind next quarter we do have a tough comp coming; we're on a 3.8%.
Samir Khanal: Okay. And I guess as a follow-up along your point, Dave, can you give us a sense as to how much of a dip we could see in the second quarter before seeing re-acceleration kind in the second-half?
Glenn Cohen: Again, it's Glenn. We're watching it closely. You know you could…
Samir Khanal: Okay.
Glenn Cohen: -- be somewhere in that 2% range…
Samir Khanal: Yes.
Glenn Cohen: -- in the second quarter.
Samir Khanal: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning. Just kind of sticking with that I assume for a little more detail on your expectations for store closings. Conor, you talked about the continuing store optimization that's going on and the expectations that it continues, so wondering what your outlook for the impact is to the portfolio and how that compares to where we started the year?
Conor Flynn: Yes. So far, obviously we're early in the year but so far so good. I mean when you look at our transformed portfolio, we get a sense that the retailers that we have, have strong performing stores with us and they're reinvesting in those stores to integrate e-commerce. So we haven't really seen the fallout that we've seen in previous years and we continue to look towards the future of what the portfolio is going to look like and the best retailers and how we can backfill with those retailers. So when you look at our Toys R Us absorption there, we've been very aggressive in late leased all 2017 of the 2018 boxes that we had and continue to see strong demand across the board for well-located retail real estate. And when you look out it quarter-by-quarter, we'll continue to monitor the retailers that are trying to reposition themselves for the new world of retail. But luckily, we have the right portfolio where we have a wave that's for some of these boxes that we will anticipate recapturing.
Jeremy Metz: All right. And second one from me, just going back to the dispositions, were those included in your initial same-store pool and your outlook and therefore you did selling some of that the vacancy you mentioned the Toys, vacant Toys box and the repositioning going on, I think done in Palm Beach, did that help at all?
Conor Flynn: Yes. I mean the dispositions definitely do have an impact on the same site. We've budgeted for the certain assets so that it was all within expectation, specific to the Palm Beach Gardens site that really -- it wouldn't have an impact on same site. That was a site that's been held for redevelopment for several years. And our NOI was essentially zero as we were keeping certain tenants in there in anticipation of the redevelopment. So Palm Beach Gardens didn't have any real impact on either same site or the cap rate range for this quarter.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just with regard to your -- the small change that you made in same-store, why not change the FFO range as well. I guess the second-half is still somewhat uncertain, which you talked about, the level of conservatism in there, but are there any other sort of offsets in FFO that we should be thinking about?
Glenn Cohen: Not really, Christy. I mean again the first quarter had a few things in it that probably won't repeat as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We did have an LPA in the first quarter. We don't have any further LPAs in the guidance and we did recapture a couple of leases that had below market rents in them that were more outsized than the normal. And we don't expect those to the balance of the year. So for right now, we're going to leave our guidance as is and again we did pump the lower end of the same site guidance.
Conor Flynn: Also the dispositions, Christy, are more front-end loaded to the beginning of the year. So that factors into it.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Got it. And then just Glenn, following up on the $16 million to $18 million of incremental NOI from redevelopment that you've been talking about, can you just provide a little bit more color or maybe an update on sort of the timing of that coming online? And can you remind us is that the annual NOI from those projects or is that the 2019 impact?
Glenn Cohen: The $16 million to $18 million is the incremental 2019 impact.
Christy McElroy: Okay.
Glenn Cohen: And again, as I mentioned, for the first quarter the incremental amount was about $3.5 million. So we're on track to achieve that $16 million to $18 million range.
Christy McElroy: Okay, got it.
Glenn Cohen: And just the total, the total for those properties for the year is expected to be somewhere in the $25 million to $28 million range.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hi. Good morning, guys. I'm curious based on operating results so far this year, if your internal expectation for bankruptcies or uncollectible revenue has evolved since initial guidance. And then looking at the watch list, it's on my watch list, it's clear that Kimco and peers have exposure to some -- let's call them less robust tenants with debt maturities in the 2021-2023 timeframe. So there's still some time to address, but I'm curious how you're handling those retailers as well.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it's a good question. I think when we look at our guidance so far this year, there has been less closures or less bankruptcies than we anticipated, and that has to do with again some of the strength of the locations that we have. For example, when you look at the Sears Kmart portfolio that we have, they are only rejecting two of the leases with our switch, which obviously as a quality spectrum shows that these are very high quality locations with below market leases, we continue to see that the churn or the vacancy rate is slowing in our portfolio, and we continue to monitor that going forward as you saw our occupancy tick up in Q1 versus historical normal rates. So we'll continue to monitor that closely. And then when we look at our risk management tools, we're really focused on understanding the at risk tenants in our portfolio, the mark-to-market of those leases and really work on really years ahead of time when those leases may come to fruition and how we can reposition that real estate. And you continue to see I think our credit scores improve. I think we're the only peer that has the highest investment grade tenants in our top 10. We continue to improve that. A lot of these retailers, these legacy retailers are in great locations with below market leases which actually is a good thing for us. When you look at the opportunities set going forward, we see that retailers are salivating for these types of locations. And with very little to no new development on the horizon, we think we're in a good position to really capture the who's who of the retailers that are really doing successfully implementing e-commerce into their physical brick and mortar and we think we are on the right path to unlock that value.
Greg McGinniss: Great. And then just as a follow-up here, I recognize there's still a lot of pipeline left to deliver and the expected development investment is going to fall next year and beyond, but how are you thinking about the future of Signature Series development and potential multi-family investment over the next few years?
Conor Flynn: It's a good question. I mean, in my prepared remarks I mentioned about that we have over 4,000 apartment units and titles and we've continued to look on the right entitlement path of really ways to create value for our shareholders long term. Where our cost of capital sits today we have taken the path where the lion's share of what we're doing to unlock value is through a ground lease to apartment developers that allows us to gain the mixed used component which drives traffic, it drives sales to our retail but not necessarily have the capital requirements to fund it. So we continue to see that as a nice opportunity going forward in the portfolio. We do want to finish off our Signature Series of assets and continue to look towards the future and see when the next opportunity comes around where our cost of capital is and what's the best way to unlock that value? So you'll see our entitlement work continue but we will be very selective in terms of what we add to our pipeline going forward.
Greg McGinniss: Thanks for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Alexander Goldfarb. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning, good morning out there. Just two questions, first on the -- on your capital plans, just given where we are in the cycle and that Albertsons the monetization of that seems to be sort of maybe at someday, maybe something will happen. You guys obviously have had a really good run year-to-date up 20%. You're not quite at consensus and maybe but you're not far. What about issuing equity one to de-lever. I know you guys don't include preferreds but with preferreds you guys are on the high side. And then two that way it starts to at least reduce the leverage question and hopefully you guys continue to grow which solves the dividend part of the equation as well so if you could just give thoughts?
Conor Flynn: Yes. Sure, thanks Alex. When you look at our capital plan we have no need to issue equity at our current levels. We continue to see our discount to NAV be significant and our capital plan lays out a strategy where we can match funds really the proceeds from our dispositions to finish off our Signature Series developments and redevelopments. You have to remember the lion share of the funding is already completed for most of these projects. And so we are -- we have to be patient with one of it to get the incremental NOI because that's actually what's going to reduce our FFO, our EBITDA and help the dividend coverage towards the end of this year into 2020. I will continue to look at that and be a good capital allocator going forward. We also have no debt maturing really between now and 2021. And so when you look at the levers we have, clearly you mentioned the preferreds. Now we do have some that are callable on our option, but that's the beauty of preferreds. They're callable at our options. So we'll look at that and see what is appropriate and we do want to improve the balance sheet long-term, but we are very, we're in a good position. We think we're well positioned going forward because of our liquidity position and because of our lack of near-term maturities and so when we look at the trajectory of the Signature Series NOI and where we see the all these metrics going forward. We feel very comfortable with where we are today and feel confident in the future of the company.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then as far as guidance goes, I mean you've responded to several analysts before, but still even if you, -- even if you front-end weight the dispositions, you know really doesn't impact your guidance or, sorry impact earnings. So is it, are you guys just being overly cautious just because of what you experienced in the past few years in retail or is something changing in your watch list that's giving you some trepidation that maybe there will be increased store closings or something of that sort?
Glenn Cohen: Alex, it's Glenn, I would just say the same thing you know, it's really in the year, we put out guidance based on what our budget was. We're happy with the results of the first quarter and we'll take it quarter by quarter and see how things go. I mean again we're still dealing in watching things closely with tenants on our watch list and we are very cautiously optimistic about where things are headed.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I guess I'm focusing on the three sale leaseback transactions. Is that something you want to do more of and then what is the ultimate aim here?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I mean for those three particular assets, we feel very confident that we struck an attractive deal for us at a 64 cap rate on West Coast assets where the grocer was doing on average $775 a square foot in sales. We think that there was substantial value creation, particularly when you look at some of the comps on the West Coast in the 5s for similar type assets. We'll continue to evaluate those opportunities, both within the Albertson's banners as well as other retailers that are exploring opportunities to sell some of their own real estate. But again it's going to be very selective. It's going to be strategic and we want to also ensure that we keep any sort of tenant concentration in mind. And clearly as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the main focus for the spend this year is going to be on the internal growth of the Signature Series. So, where the opportunity presents itself, we will certainly pursue and transact, but it's going to be pretty limited.
Conor Flynn: Keep in mind, Craig, we own the small shops that were shadow-anchored by the grocery store. And so, when you combine the cap rates that we paid for the grocery store and then you combine that with the small shops, we see significant NAV improvements, because really when you look at the grocery anchor comps that are out there today, we feel like we put the site back together and create a significant value.
Craig Schmidt: And will I be right in assuming that you would be mainly a supermarket focused in this process?
Conor Flynn: I think we're looking at opportunistic acquisitions within our key markets. And when you look at what's out there today, grocery anchor shopping centers are some of the most aggressively prize assets in the market today. And then we look at re-development opportunities, I think those are the two key core competencies that we focus on today. And it's very tough to make the numbers work when you're trading at a discount to NAV.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hey. Good morning, guys. I want to go back to the [indiscernible] where we did late last year. You had highlighted six projects that could start over the next one to three years. This call you mentioned you may ground lease, lease projects, but will any of them start commencement or construction in the next year or so?
Conor Flynn: Again, is that our option, we have secured entitlements in a number of those projects. And once we get to the point where we're ready to make a decision, we'll go through our decision tree and see where our cost of capital is. We've always talked about the opportunities set say do we self-develop, do we contribute the land into a joint venture, do we ground lease or do we sell an asset. And so again, because of the opportunity within the portfolio and the immense entitlements that we've already secured, we feel like we're on the right path to really create a lot of value for our shareholders. And then each and every opportunity will be a unique decision, because no two sizes are alike and we really have to weight our cost of capital and where we want to put our capital to work. And so, it really will depend on the individual sites.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then looking outside of you're the tenant you disclosed the top 50 or so. How are the credit trends for the other tenants?
Conor Flynn: Credit tenant trends to continue to improve. I mean when you look at some of the retailers that we have, it's really the best-in-class of retail today. It's amazing to think how the credit has evolved over the years. It's clear where the -- what's working today is service and convenience. And when you look at what we provide to our shopper base, we really take advantage of that. We do think that there is going to be some opportunity for PetSmart to improve their credit. Obviously you saw that they filed for to take Chewy public, now it will all depend on what they do with the proceeds and how they use that potentially to pay down debt of other parent. But we are excited about some of the resellers that have improved their credit quality and continue to want to expand with us.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Derek Johnston: Hi, guys. It comes up every few quarters, just any updates you can share on your thinking with Albertsons, especially with their recent management change there?
Ray Edwards: Hi. Good morning. It's Ray Edwards here. I think I'm not sure you are sure they had their year-end financials reported last year, and the company is - was on track with their goals, they had a couple of major goals for the past year where they met. One was to have $2.7 billion plus of EBITDA, they got about $2.74 billion. They also through the sale leaseback program reduced the debt on the balance sheet by over $1 billion. The last part of the program and it was announced at the -- with the earnings call was the appointment of new CEO to take the company to the next step. And I think the company is going in the right direction, doing all the right things. Hey listen, I think you look at what we've done with Albertsons over last few years, especially a lot of other private equity firms would have taken that sale leaseback money and made it distribution to the equity and hurt the company. And we're really focused on improving this company, bringing to best shape it can be that way at the right time when the equity markets are there, we can't achieve the best value for everyone.
Derek Johnston: Thanks. And then the entitlement process have come up a little bit, can you just talk about any changes that you might be seeing there in terms of process, or and the amounts of time to get approvals for larger developments or even for backfill opportunities?
Ross Cooper: I think the entitlements are always unique to the municipality that you're dealing with. I think the nice part about Kimco is that we're long-term holders and we forge these partnerships with these municipalities knowing that we are going to be here for the long-term. Most developers secure entitlements and then flip it at the next day. And so we take a very different approach with these municipalities knowing that we are going to be here for the long-haul and forge partnerships and making sure that they feel comfortable with our approach. And we have seen success recently with a number of our projects and we'll continue to focus on the portfolio of the future. And we feel really that we're just scratching the surface. We're in the first inning of our entitlement process and it's always amazing to think that in a short period of time, we've already secured over 4,000 apartment units.
Derek Johnston: Thanks. That's it, Ross.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yes. Hi. I guess the two questions are, one can you talk a little bit about our resi leasing trends at recent projects and then with the sharp occupancy over 90%, I think it's 90.6%, how much more room do you have to move that out?
Conor Flynn: Yes. So, on the residential side with Lincoln Square that's our project and center sitting. As you could see in our sub this quarter, it was substantially, it went down from sub-38% to sub-55%. We have 177 units leased as of the end of this last quarter and we're just moving into the high season now, so we're expecting to see that trend accelerate through the spring and summer as new people are moving into the city, looking for new jobs and also the University side. So we'll expect to see an acceleration through balance of this year as it relates to -- sorry, the small shop side, what we saw was our typical seasonal turnover. Now, the turnover here was about 50 basis points down from prior quarter. We had we had a number of tenants out there that extended, who rolled over through the holiday season and into January. So we actually had a I'd say slightly better than what we had originally assumed as a result of Q1 and the small shops outside continues to be very, very strong. Health and Wellness is very popular, food and beverage obviously is strong and we expect to see that through the balance of the year.
Michael Mueller: Okay. What would you consider to be full in terms of small shop occupancy? Is it 92%, somewhere in there?
Conor Flynn: Previous our all-time high was 90% and we've eclipsed that by hitting over 91% last year. So obviously, we're trending into new territory here. We think we can push northwards of those numbers. So we'll have to stay tuned and see how hard we can push it. Obviously, we see the upside in the portfolio in the small shop space, but we also have a lot of momentum building on the remaining boxes in the anchor space. So it's nice to see that we have a really dominant portfolio that's really starting to trend in the right direction.
Michael Mueller: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Yes, hi. What drove the spike in higher above and market below market - sorry, above and below market revenues?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. It's Glenn. So we had two leases that we recaptured. One was a grocery tenant and one was a JCPenney. One of the boxes is already leased they come from again the 141 analysis that's done when you acquire the assets. Both of these leases were significantly below market. And when we recapture the box you take the below market rent into income. So the total for those two was around $5 million.
Linda Tsai: So you would expect that to kind of normalize in the upcoming quarters for the remainder of the year?
Glenn Cohen: Correct. When we look in total at like our straight line rent and our above and below market rents there's -- those two categories together on a normalized basis that are around a total of about $7 million, $8 million a quarter.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then in terms of the decline in lower disposition cap rates do you think that's more a function of the composition of the assets you're selling or a function of improving cap rates across the board for the markets you're selling in?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I think it's a combination of both of those factors and there're a few other things that I look at when evaluating our disposition program and the success that we've had thus far. I think first and foremost is clearly improved portfolio. And when you look at the quality of even the Tier 2 assets that we're selling they're much improved compared to years past. So the subset of assets in the pool is much better. The limited volume that we're doing allows us to be more optimistic which the asset -- with the asset that we're selling. So Palm Beach Gardens was an example that I gave in the prepared remarks where that was one that wasn't necessarily expected for Q1 this year, but we took advantage of an opportunity and an offer and struck with that one. The other one that was mentioned in the transaction lease was Arboretum in Austin which is a good market. It's a solid asset but it was one where a buyer came along that had a vision for the site that included a redevelopment of the asset that at a price that they offered was well beyond what we felt that we could create in terms of a risk adjusted return and ultimately decided that selling it was the best course of action. I think also when you look at you know capital formations in retail, we've had limited supply I think compared to 2017 and 2018 where more of our peers and ourselves had much bigger volumes of dispositions, so the limited amount of supply in the market has helped keep pricing in check. And finally I would say that, that interest rates clearly remaining low and in our favor have helped our buyers you know make stronger offers and that that continues to be readily available for our buyers. So I think all those factors have really contributed to our ability to push pricing and have strong execution on the dispo program.
Linda Tsai: Thanks for that color.
Glenn Cohen: Got it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning out there.
Conor Flynn: Good morning.
Haendel St. Juste: I wanted to follow-up on the last question, Linda's question. Understanding that the heavy lifting on the disposition side is behind you, but given the stronger pricing demand and lower rates you just outlined for us. I'm curious how likely is it that we could see Kimco be a bit more aggressive in selling assets this year, perhaps not close to the level of last year obviously, but just curious how the improved demand and pricing environment may play a role into your thinking on dispositions?
Glenn Cohen: We're certainly pleased with the demand and the execution, but we're very focused on staying within the $200 million to $300 million that we've outlined. So we have the capital plan in place that really puts us in a position over the next few years of where we want to be to fund all of our applications on the development and Signature Series and to continue to focus on balance sheet, so while the market may change for the better on the dispositions over the course of the year, we're going to stay on track with what we've outlined.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I think the other thing I'd add is, if you look at how the portfolio has really transformed, you know Conor made the point about how it's really starting to shine, at 2.9% same-site NOI growth last year, we're also to really strong start this year, the portfolio is producing the things that we would expect it to produce. So we've - when we will go into the disposition analysis, we were really looking at where risk was and where we saw a downside risk and that's what we wanted to move out of those markets and those assets. The portfolio is very, very strong today and it's producing levels that we think are really consistent in long-term growth levels.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate that. And Glenn while I have you, I wanted to ask maybe to clarify, maybe an accounting question for you. I wanted to clarify specifically Kimco treats lease termination fees versus the rent that lost when the tenant leaves. So if the tenant leaves and pay the termination fees, that termination fees not counted in same-store NOI, but you keep booking the rent, is that the tenant was still there until the end of the lease, for instance Mattress Firm. If they pay a termination fee in the first quarter of year, but their lease was scheduled to expire in the fourth quarter that year, would you continue to book the rent through the fourth quarter as the non-cash add back?
Glenn Cohen: Now with lease termination fees are not in the same-site NOI and have never been in same-site NOI. The Mattress Firm was unique situation where you had a bankruptcy settlement at a $1 on the dollar and quite candidly it's a relatively small number, the total number thus was under $900,000, it makes up 10 basis points for the year, but no, lease terminations have never been in our numbers.
Conor Flynn: Okay. When a tenant falls out, they are out. We don't have them continuing in the same, say, NOI number…
Glenn Cohen: Right.
Haendel St. Juste: That's it from me. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Vince Tibone: Hey, good morning. Just one quick question from me, you mentioned only two of your Kmart leases have been rejected. Do you expect the remaining locations to remain open? And what will your exposure to be, exposure to be to Kmart after all anticipated rejections?
Dave Jamieson: Yes. This is Dave. So, right now, we actually have two of the leases that are being assumed dark and paying, and they are significantly below market and they continue to pay rent on those. But beyond that, all the other ones are open and operating and continue to perform. So, we are prepared for whatever events may unfold in the future but as we said today, that's where it is -- 45 basis points.
Vince Tibone: Got it. Okay. So, that means you, roughly 15 basis points to 20 basis points of NOI came offline with the two rejections. Is that fair?
Dave Jamieson: That's on a full-year basis.
Conor Flynn: On a full-year basis. Yes.
Dave Jamieson: Correct.
Conor Flynn: That's right.
Vince Tibone: Okay. Thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Hey, good morning, everybody. Hey, I just want to make sure I understand on the two rejected leases, you said they were assumed so there's no NOI loss there to the company. Correct?
Conor Flynn: No. We had separated into two categories. There is two leases that were rejected and so they have now since come back to us in which we have LOIs in process for those two. Of the four that was assumed, there are two leases that are currently dark and paying.
Chris Lucas: Okay. So, let me just go back -- I really didn't want to spend time on this but just, let me make sure I understand of the stores that you started the year with…
Dave Jamieson: Chris, yes, to help you out, we started the year with 13 of them of which 4 were on the initial closure list that went from the dark and paying. 2 of those were assumed to, were rejected.
Chris Lucas: Got it.
Dave Jamieson: That is it.
Chris Lucas: Okay. Thank you, Dave. I guess just my question really wanted to focus on the same-store NOI guidance. I think for the initial guidance, you had provided 100 basis points of reserve was sort of your budget. I guess, just curious as to how much of that 100 basis points was eaten in the first quarter and probably more broadly as we think about the rest of the year on same-store NOI is the bigger factor in terms of the range and where this outcome might be more related to rent commencement towards the back-end rather than the bad debt or loss revenue from tenant fall out? I'm just trying to understand sort of where the -- maybe the disconnect is in my mind between those kind of where performance is today and where the outcome might be for guidance?
Conor Flynn: Right. You're correct. You're correct that our credit loss in our forecast is 100 basis points for the year for the first quarter. We used about 57 basis points. So we're a little ahead in terms of our budget on credit loss. That's helpful as we go through the year. The guidance range whether it will be at the high-end or the low-end is it's a combination of the things that you mentioned. It's when rents commencement start, because we do same side NOI on a cash basis. So, we have this 230 basis point spread between leased and economic occupancy. It's really the timing of when those come online. In our forecast, we expect that around 25% of that spread would come online during the year. So again rent commencements are important. We budget some level of tenant fall out. If there is a large amount of -- tenant fall out that's not in there, that will have an impact on it. But those are really the drivers. The credit loss will still remain very comfortable there.
Chris Lucas: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks, all and good morning out there. Just bigger picture, any notable trends in rent relief, how much rent relief you're giving tenants, the number of tenants or some type of pre-emptive adjustments to leases that you're making versus the past couple of year?
Conor Flynn: No, there really hasn't been a change in the dynamic of the discussion, it's all driven by supply demand. Our higher quality portfolio is pushing the demand side for retail tenants wanting to get into the market and into our centers. So we've seen this as an opportunity. I think it's reflected in the rents that we're achieving in the extended terms. So that's what we've being seeing again, it's always case by case. And so you have to feel that as it comes, but there hasn't been any material change in terms of that dialog.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And sticking with the same theme, I know it's going to be case by case and asset by asset, but what's the risk that -- if I'm not a good retailer and I realize [indiscernible] center and why the center exist, but at the same time the weaker tenants are getting 35% rent relief in some cases and I'm paying much more. What's the risk that -- I come back to you guys and say why should we be paying much more than some other more couple of tenants, especially if [indiscernible] center?
Conor Flynn: I think you really have to look at the drivers of traffic into our sites. And luckily where we sit today with our transform portfolio, the supply and demand is in our favor. And so there are more high quality tenants driving traffic that want to be in our locations. And the legacy tenants that have not involved with the new world of retail, those are the ones that we can't wait to recapture and reposition with better credit and better quality tenants. We have a very high occupancy. When you look at our goals both our acres and our small shops and you look at our mark-to-market opportunities you know typically there are relocation opportunities within these high target markets where they can get a better economic deal versus what they're paying today.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating in our call today. I'm available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Kimco's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, Kimco CFO; David Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer; as other members of our Executive team are present and available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings I address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'll give a brief overview of our 2018 achievements, discuss the retail real estate landscape facing us in 2019 and outline some of the things we hope to accomplish this year. Ross will then follow with an update on the transaction market, and Glenn will close with our financials and outlook for this year. A year ago, we set some ambitious goals for leasing, development and disposition, but we knew it'll require extraordinary execution. Here, we're one year later, and I'm proud to announce that we've exceeded those goals and delivered positive results across the board. We've surpassed the high-end of our initial guidance range for FFO and same-site NOI and achieved an all-time high-small shop occupancy at over 91%. We completed several development and redevelopment projects, including our first large-scale Signature Series mixed-use development and exceeded our goal for disposition, enabling us to end the year with a much stronger and better position portfolio. These accomplishments are testament to the exceptional efforts of our quality team. I want to thank all of our associates who live and breathe the Kimco Notwithstanding our 2018 accomplishments, we'll not and cannot rest. On the contrary, how we respond to the challenges and opportunities of 2019 and beyond will determine our future success. Winston Churchill famously said, if you don't take change by the hand, it will grab you by the throat. These words ring true as much today as when they were first Change is occurring all around us, and the retail real estate landscape is not immune. And as the retail environment continues to evolve with new concepts and strategies to meet the needs and demands of today's consumer, the status quo is not an option. E-commerce and distribution have dramatically changed some of the most long-standing retail concepts, trade area, store counts and even what constitutes sale, just to name a few. 2019 will produce new winners and underperformers. Store sizes will change, and more e-commerce retailers will open physical locations. So while the demand for high-quality real estate in 2018 remain strong, as evidenced by our solid performance, the landscape in 2019 and beyond continues to change, and we've repositioned our portfolio to capture those opportunities that change inevitably brings. Our strategy is simple own the best real estate in the top 20 markets where consumer demand is high and supply constraints. Our portfolio is now tightly concentrated in high-growth areas where there are significant barriers to entry. We have removed the drag from underperforming assets and have invested in our best assets and our people. We believe that the high-quality, open-air shopping center that comprises our portfolio is the right product for the future. First half, the physical store is here to stay. It may look different in the years to come, but the physical store continues to be the heartbeat of a healthy brand experience and the cheapest and most effective form of customer acquisition. Moreover, many retailers have made it clear that they price the visibility, convenience, accessibility and modest occupancy cost that our sites offer. More specifically, retailers value with visibility of store nearby streets and highways has an important marketing tool. In addition, as more and more retailers add quick and collect shopping to their customer experience, retailers find that the local convenience and easy access of open-air shopping centers to be a marketing advantage. Retailers are also seeking other sites because of their suitability for redevelopment and our plans to create mixed-use campuses that had residential, hospitality and entertainment components, not to mention drive throughs, quick and collect areas and home delivery house. So while the threat of from is real, we believe that in those instances where the mall space is competing with high-quality, open-air space, open-air space will often win out. As a case in point, in 2018, we were able to lease 80% of our Toys"R"Us boxes in just six short months, bringing in driving retailers that will enhance the overall volume and experience at these centers. Similarly, if opportunities arrive at the we're confident that we can create value and worth noting is our exposure in now limited to just 13 locations that represent 60 basis points of Kimco's total Our Signature Series developments and redevelopments continue to come online, and we expect 2019 to be another year of successful milestones for these projects. Dania Phase I is now opened and operating and over 93% leased. Phase II is under construction with strong leasing momentum. And we've just added Phase III to the pipeline, as demand continues to be robust in the market of Fort Lauderdale Beach. Our Lincoln Square mixed-use project in Philadelphia continues to shine and was recently voted the best new building in Philly by local residents in an online poll. The Whittemore city mixed-use project in the D.C. market is topped off and will start to lease up later this year, perfectly timed to benefit from its ideal location directly across from Amazon's new headquarters. Construction of the Boulevard Staten Island is progressing nicely in place and the project is now over 92% pre-leased. We believe the Signature Series portfolio will be a key driver of growth as the current projects are completed and the pipeline with new carefully selected redevelopment opportunities. 2019 is said to be an exciting year at Kimco as we capitalize on our Transform portfolio and drive increase cash flow and value. And now, I'll turn it over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor, and good morning. All in all, it was an excellent year in terms of the execution by our team, and I couldn't be more prouder. We finished the year selling an additional 16 shopping centers and two land parcels during the fourth quarter, totaling $357 million gross, with $228.4 million Kim share. For the full year, we sold 68 center and eight parcels with a value in excess of $1.1 billion, with approximately $940 million as Kim share, exceeding the high-end of our $800 million to $900 million guidance range. The weighted average blended cap rate on these sales closer to low end of our targeted range right at 7.6%. In order to maximize the pricing, we primarily utilize the one-off approach consummating 71 individual transactions. So in this level of properties on a one-off basis is no easy task, and again, a real testament to our team, which includes the deal team, the legal staff, the accounting and tax departments and many others that had a critical role in making sure the execution went over smoothly. The steps we have taken in 2018 have enhanced the overall quality of our portfolio and consisted the right and geographic locations. The redevelopment and value-creation opportunities would generate a sustained and growing level of recurring cash flow that will drive a higher NAV. We've now sold over $8 billion of real estate since 2010, reinvesting the capital higher-quality real estate in major markets with substantial future growth opportunities. As we previously indicated, given the success of our disposition activity in 2018, we anticipate substantially fewer asset sales with just a modest level of asset pruning in 2019. Proceeds will be used primarily fund expected development and redevelopment activity. As the current trends in the market, we continue to see strong investor demand for shopping centers. During the fourth quarter, we sold a grocery and that sub-5% cap rate, with another Northern California grocery deal under contract at sub-5%. And with the 10-year treasury retreating back below 3%, pricing remain strong in all levels of quality with healthy demand. Overall, the supply of new shopping centers on the market-for-sale has decreased at several and REITs, including Kimco, have reduced their disposition pipelines for 2019. This will serve to keep the supply-demand balance favorable for sellers with cap REITs being low for the foreseeable future. On the acquisitions front, we anticipate maintaining a very disciplined and selective approach with our most accretive use of funds earmarks primarily redevelopment opportunities within the portfolio. We still continue to evaluate strategic opportunities that come along and enhance the value of our holdings. Subsequent to year-end, we closed on a modest $31 million sale leaseback transaction with Albertson's to acquire the grocery anchors at three of our Tier 1 West Coast assets. This included one location in San Diego and two Safeway located in Phoenix and Truckee, California. We'll look forward to the opportunities and challenges ahead, I'll now pass to the Glen
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. We ended 2018 with a stronger and higher-quality portfolio, the result of successful execution on the disposition front, strong leasing activity and the completion of several Signature development projects. With a strong balance sheet and strong liquidity position, we're poised to begin growing again. Now let me first provide some details on our 2018 fourth quarter and full year results and then commentary on our 2019 guidance. NAREIT FFO per diluted share was $0.35 for the fourth quarter, bringing the full year 2018 amount to $1.47. Included in the full year results was net transactional income, which is net of transactional expenses of $7.7 million or $0.02 per diluted share. This was comprised primarily of profit participations from our preferred equity investments, receipt of insurance proceeds related to our Puerto Rico properties in excess of our book basis and various land sale gains offset by $12.8 million of early prepayment charges related to our unsecured bond payoffs. For 2017, NAREIT FFO per diluted share was $0.38 for the fourth quarter and $1.55 for the full year, which included $11.3 million or $0.03 per diluted share of net transactional income. FFO as adjusted, which excludes transactional income and expenses and non-operating impairments, was also $0.35 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to $0.39 for the same quarter in 2017. The primary driver of the decrease was a reduction of $22 million in NOI from the sale of over $900 million of assets during 2018, offset by a $6 million reduction in financing costs due to lower debt Full year 2018 FFO as adjusted came in at $1.45 per diluted share, in line with our previous guidance. This compares to $1.52 per diluted share for 2017. Here, again, the primary driver of the decrease is lower NOI of $27 million related to the asset dispositions during 2017 and 2018. The proceeds from the sales were used to fund development and redevelopment investment of $420 million, reduces outstanding debt by $400 million and buyback $75 million of our common stock at a weighted average price of $14.72 a share. Turning to the operating portfolio. We continue delivering excellent results. Pro-rata occupancy for 2018 at 95.8%, with anchor occupancy at 97.4% and small-shop occupancy at 91.1%., the highest level of small-shop occupancy we've ever reported. Anchor occupancy was impacted by the Toys"R"Us and Sears bankruptcies during the year. However, as Conor mentioned, excellent progress has been made on releasing those boxes. Pro-rata leasing spreads remain strong for the fourth quarter, with new leasing spreads increasing 12.2%, renewals and options produced a 5.6% increase, bringing total combined leasing spreads to 7% for the fourth quarter. For the full year 2018, combined leasing spreads were a positive 8.3%. We're pleased to reflect same-site NOI growth of 2.6% for the fourth quarter and 2.9% growth for the full year of 2018, which exceeded the high end of our previously increased guidance range of 2.7%. Most encouraging is that the same-site NOI is primarily the result of accelerated rent growth produced from the significant leasing activity over the past year. On the balance sheet front, we finished 2018 with consolidated net debt to recurring EBITDA of 6x and 7.5x on basis, which includes our pro-rata share of joint venture debt and perpetual preferred issuances. Our total consolidated debt stands at $4.87 billion, which is $605 million lower than the amount at the end of 2017. Our consolidated weighted average debt maturity profile is 10.5 years, with no debt maturities in 2019 and only $45 million of debt coming due in our joint venture this year. Our liquidity position is in excellent shape with over $2.1 million of availability from our revolving credit facility and cash on hand. Now for some color on 2019 guidance and the underlying assumptions. As a reminder, our 2019 guidance excludes any transactional income and expense. As such, our guidance for 2019 NAREIT defined FFO and FFO as adjusted are the same. We'll incorporate transactional income and expense as it occurs. Our initial FFO guidance range for 2019 is $1.44 to $1.48 per diluted share. This guidance range takes into account the impact of the new lease accounting announcement, which among other things, now requires the expensing of certain previously capitalized internal leasing and legal costs associated with leasing activities. The impact is approximately $12 million or $0.03 per diluted share. Without this change, our year-over-year growth in recurring FFO per share would have been 2.8% at the midpoint of our guidance range. Also included in the guidance range is the dilutive impact from the 2018 disposition program. Other assumptions include incremental NOI of $16 million to $18 million coming online from our completed development projects as well as a $5 million to $10 million reduction in interest expense attributable to the lower debt level. Our initial range for same-site NOI growth is 1.5% to 2.5%. The range considers the impact of the Toys"R"Us and Sears leases already rejected as well as potential from additional bankruptcies. The range also considers the growth opportunities that exist from the 240 basis point spread between our leased versus economic occupancy. We begin 2019 with great enthusiasm and look forward to being back on the path of sustained growth for years to come. And with that, we'd be happy to answer your questions.
David Bujnicki: [Operator Instructions].
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets.
Jeremy Metz: Conor, you opened up talking about change in the status quo not being an option. You meant ramping supply that's out there. Just wondered how we should think about this from a capital spending perspective, both in terms of needing to more invest in existing assets to protect and improve conditioning, but also attract tenants? And so not just from a development spend with a direct ROI, but allowances, building spend, additional capital you need to - might need to spend in this environment?
Conor Flynn: Jeremy, I think, it's a good question. I mean, when you think about what landlords need to do today, we can't sit back. We really have to be engaged with driving traffic and just not rely on the retailers being the ones that are the focal point of the experience. So on the spending purposes, you really got to look at our costs have been relatively stable for the last few quarters in terms of deal costs, specific backfilling that we've been doing. On the redevelopment side, that's where we feel real opportunity for growth and the value our real estate. You see now that we've completed our first mixed-use redevelopment. And it was voted best new building in Philly and it's way ahead of our internal expectations. We have a big pipeline of future redevelopment opportunities. When look at our opportunities within the portfolio for mixed-use is pretty significant, but we continue to see the demand be there for our repositioning portfolio. I think the overwhelming seen when you talk to retailers today is that they're going to be investing in their most productive stores, and we want to invest alongside them. They're going to be remodeling, they're going to be adding significant technology inside the store. And when we look at what we can do from a landlord perspective, we can add amenities as well, whether it's Wi-Fi, whether it's right pickups, location, but significant below market leases are, obviously, still a critical advantage to Kimco. And that's where we see we can unlock the value of our real estate through repositioning.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. Second for me. Just in terms of the guidance, you obviously have a range here for Wonder if you can walk us through what you're baking in to the top and bottom in terms of tenant and disruption? And then how the releasing of Toys and Kmarts into that? And then not maybe a quick update on Albertsons and what your best case scenario would look like?
Conor Flynn: You're going beyond that follow up.
Jeremy Metz: Sorry the guidance then. How about just the guidance?
Glenn Cohen: So our guidance includes a few things and some of things that I've already mentioned. But credit loss - there's a 100 basis points of credit loss that's baked into the number. So that gets you at the lower end. You'd have further bankruptcies, potentially that would come through. The impact of Sears and what happens to the rest of the leases there has some impact on the lower end. On the upper end of the guidance, again, if better credit loss comes in, that will be a positive to it. Further lease up and additional rent commencements as we go through the year is another part to the positive side.
Conor Flynn: Two other things that also impact the same-site, Jeremy, is that, there's about 35 to 40 basis point impact from the loss of Toys for - in 2018 and 2019 same-site level.
Glenn Cohen: In addition, again, a key component to the growth is the developments coming online. As I ioned [ph], it's $16 million to $18 million of incremental NOI that is in the numbers. So depending on the timing of that, speed or slow down for any reason, that has some impact as well within that guidance range.
Raymond Edwards: About your third question this is Ray. With regard to Albertson's, I mean, I imagine your couple of weeks ago, they released their earnings for the third quarter. They had - they really had improved the business operations store sales of 2% year-over-year for Albertson's. There's still - they reaffirmed their $2.65 billion to $2.7 billion EBITDA for the fiscal year, which would give about an 8% increase over last year. They've also paid down $1 billion of debt as of the end of the third quarter and then closed on another $650 million of sale leaseback you that might to further reduce the debt of the company. So they're doing everything they can [indiscernible] done a great job in motivating the team. And they're really have ride the ship and really in a good shape to see what we ought to do in the coming year or two for the company.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Ki Bin Kim: Just had some questions regarding your 2019 guidance. So first on the 2% same-site NOI guidance. You mentioned 100 basis points of credit loss. How does that 100 basis points of credit loss compared to previous years of guidance? Second, income tax and other is expected to benefit by 1 or 2 pennies in 2019 versus the negative $0.01 hit in 2018. So anymore color around that? And last one. In the fourth quarter, you capitalized $2 million more G&A than you did in the third quarter. Half of I can see is tied to just more leasing volume, which is great, but is there any element of G&A that you're capitalizing incrementally more-or-so in 2019 vs this 2018?
Conor Flynn: Okay. So let me try to take a piece at a time here. In terms of credit loss for prior years, it's run anywhere between 75 and 125 basis points in total. I think if you look for 2018, the credit loss was around 70 basis points. So we came in a little bit better for the year. So again, we feel comfortable at this 100 basis point credit loss level and that kind of takes into part of the guidance.
Raymond Edwards: To be clear, the 100 basis points and the exact same as previous year. So there has been running a little bit better, but we feel like that's the right number for now to have as our assumption.
Conor Flynn: As it relates to the other category, again, that's an item for all our other accounts, including corporate taxes, non-real estate income, interest, dividend income and other non-real estate depreciation and amortization. So that number vary year-to-year. If you went back to 2016, it was a positive number. Last year, it was somewhat of an expense. We do expect higher interest dividend in other investment income from our non-real estate investments as well as you'll see further interest income that comes from our cash balances just because interest on those balances is higher than it has been as interest rates were a little bit higher from the Fed's activities. And we also do expect to have lower tax expense during 2019. During 2018, there were certain deferred tax valuation allowances that we took that won't repeat. I guess, your last question was on the G&A just quarter-over-quarter, you're right. So the leasing activity was strong. So you have some Internet leasing commissions that were capitalized as well as we do capitalize internal construction So the construction activity on the site is another component to the G&A capitalization as well as some system development capitalization related to the new ERP system that we're putting in place.
Ki Bin Kim: The fourth quarter, how much of that led through in your thinking for 2019 guidance?
Conor Flynn: G&A capitalization will actually be less in 2019, primarily due to the $12 million that I mentioned for the internal leasing and legal commissions being expensed for the new guidance.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank.
Greg McGinniss: Conor, feels like this year situation is still in a bit of a flux despite Eddie getting his way. But could you give us your updated expectations on what's baked into the midpoint of 2019 guidance regarding closures? And then what you expect on redevelopment expense? And maybe just some color on the interest you're seeing from retailers on those boxes as well?
Conor Flynn: Well, as Glen mentioned, we have the low end of the guidance, really focused on liquidation of the actual entities there, but we'll have to wait and see. I mean, there's very clear that there are different forces at work there. And I believe it's on Monday when the to meet and decide on the fee. So we'll have to wait and see. We obviously have not been sitting back. We've been very proactive in terms of the locations we have remaining, but we don't necessarily have any visibility yet. So as soon as we gain visibility, we'll be able to share it. But again, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're very confident in our platform and being able to create value on those locations.
Greg McGinniss: Okay. And just one more follow-up here. So given the small-shop occupancy has been up year-after-year, which is nice to see. I'm just curious where you've been seeing the most expense, most success with small-shop leasing? And whether or not you expect this trend to continue in 2019?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, we continue to see the growth category and in the health and wellness section, the service the hair salons, nails, the specialty fitness is continuing to be a growing category as well as medical, the urgent care facility, et cetera, continuing to rise the top with complimented by S&P as a growing category with all the franchises that continue to expand and do well. So we continue to do that on a go-forward basis. I think the other big component of us exceeding our small shop trend is the retention levels. Our retention levels are significantly higher than they've been in the past. And that directly attributed to a higher-quality portfolio. When you just look at the velocity of vacates in our small shop year-over-year, it's down almost 30% to 40%. So there's evidence that we're retaining higher-quality tenants for longer and they're renewing. So we'll continue to see that trend going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Christine McElroy Tulloch from Citi.
Christine McElroy Tulloch: Just following up on some of your comments around project deliveries. You've talked about an incremental $20 million of NOI from development and redevelopment projects in 2019. Can you provide an update and maybe some greater context around those expectations? And I know that the 1.5% and 2.5% seems range is excluding redevelopment impact, but can you disclose what you expect that, that redevelopment impact to be in your reported range?
Glenn Cohen: Christie, it's, Glenn. So the $20 million that we've talked about during the year, as I mentioned on - in my prepared remarks, the range we're using is $16 million to $18 million. And the reason is that more has come online actually at the end of 2018. So the incremental amount - the total number is still the same, but the incremental amount is just a little bit less. So the projects are moving along the lease up has gone very well. So baked into the numbers, again, the $16 million to $18 million of incremental development NOI coming off from those projects.
Conor Flynn: And on the redevelopment impact on the same-site NOI guidance range will be very muted for this year similar to last year.
Christine McElroy Tulloch: Okay. And then just some clarification on toys and mattress So you had talked about the boxes being 80% re-leased. And I think Dave you had mentioned a 35 to 40 basis point net impact on same-store. Can you talk about the timing of the commencement to any of those commencements in 2019 that would be impactful? And then just on mattress firm, it looks like you closed 11 stores in Q4. The rent contribution went down by $1.4 million. Was that entirely the result of the closures? Or do you provide rent release on the remaining 51 as well?
David Jamieson: So as it relates to the toys boxes, we'll start to see the cash flow from the re-leasing accelerate to the back half of this year. So that helps offset some of the total impact about 25 basis points of dilution for '19. And with the balance of our boxes that we have, we have with a number of tenants. So we feel good about the remaining basis that we have. As it relates to Mattress Firm...
Conor Flynn: So with regards to the stores that are continued to operate and about 30% to 35% of them, there's some rent modification of lease-term modification that we've worked out with them. We're all the sites. Besides that they had with us, they did reject 8 or 9 of the locations. We actually negotiated on one site to have - to do lease termination backfill opportunity on that. And then there was another site that actually had lease expiration was occurring during the bankruptcy. So the store we expected to close and to get back, but we have - majority of the stores are operating. And it's a company that came out of bankruptcy basic converting $3.3 billion of debt and being the balance sheet into equity. So it's a very strong balance sheet for the company going forward. So net-net, we have a much better credit on the 50-odd stores we have with them.
Christine McElroy Tulloch: Okay. So the rent modifications right away, whereas the rent loss from the rejected leases, is there a delay in that until 2020?
David Jamieson: Well, the interesting thing with the rent loss is that because it's case Mattress Firm case is going to be 100 plan getting about a one year rent damage claim for all the 10 locations that we've gotten back. So for '19, we'll cover all the money basically.
Glenn Cohen: So in '20 is when you'll see the impact.
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal from Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: I guess, can you walk us through sort it doesn't look like you're generating much sort of free cash left the dividend and you still have plans to spend about $300 million on the kind of redev and the development piece. So some - you don't have any sort of targets for dispositions here. So I'm just trying to how should we're thinking about the funding of that redevelopment, especially, without any sort of targets for dispositions here? How should we think about that?
Glenn Cohen: Right. So when you think about the development spend and the redevelopment spend, somewhere in this $250 to $325-ish range. There will be dispositions. And the dispositions will fund a good portion of that I'd say. And then the balance because we do not have any expectations to issue equity nor do we have any expectations to range any other debt or anything during the year, the balance would come from funding from our revolving credit facility and our cash on hand that's available.
Conor Flynn: You'll see a level of dispositions that will fund the good portion of the development and redevelopments.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt: I was wondering how many retailers you think may convert to order online pickup in your portfolio?
Conor Flynn: Craig, this is Conor. I think it's going to be a trend that continue that will see the majority of them convert to that. You've seen recently that is no longer doing e-commerce delivery of groceries. I think a lot of retailers are figuring out how to drive traffic back into the store and click and collect or buy online and pick up a store has become a boost to not only the actual retailer themselves, but to the store traffic. So I think we've seen a lion share of them starting to implement it. And I think that will continue as really as the new retail way evolves. I think the shopping center is well positioned because of the convenience factor to really capture that because typically the shopping centers, they closes to your house or they closes to where you work. And so buying online and picking up in store is, ultimately, a very convenient way to get what you need.
Craig Schmidt: I mean, they definitely seems to help traffic. Is there also an opportunity to increase the revenue whether you create areas for access to that help order online and pick up in stores?
Conor Flynn: Absolutely. I think when you think of the store reformatting, there's going to be ways where they can, obviously, get the once you get the person inside the store. So there's a lot of data coming out in terms of how much of the incremental consumer once you get them in the store. So it's not just what they ordered online, but they always seem to buy something else once they're inside the store. So retailers, I think, will take advantage of that. And then we can take advantage of the increase traffic and make sure we're trying to increase cross shopping as much as possible and take advantage of that increase traffic.
Operator: The next question comes from Caitlin Burrows from Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows: Maybe just on the leverage side. So including the joint ventures, now you guys are at 6.3x debt to EBITDA. I guess, how does this compare to your target and kind of how and when do you expect to get there?
Conor Flynn: Yes. So in terms of leverage, I mean, again, we want to get down to around the 5.5x consolidated net debt to EBITDA and then about a term less when you on a basis, including the joint ventures and the preferred. So somewhere in that approaching a 6.5x over time. Leverage will stay relatively the same as we go through the year, but you'll start to see leverage coming down as we look into 2020 with more and more EBITDA growth coming at basically the same debt levels. So you'll start to see it's coming down into 2020 and beyond.
Caitlin Burrows: Got it. Okay. and then maybe just in terms of the 2018 same-store NOI growth having coming better than expectations, are there anything if you can just talk about some of the positive surprises that you saw at the end of 2018? And whether or not they could continue into this year?
Conor Flynn: I think you had some rent commencements that accelerated, which was definitely helpful. And retention of tenants was, obviously, very important to the puzzle and then credit losses were a little bit better as well.
David Jamieson: So part of the benefit large dispositions we did, we just have a much better and stronger performing portfolio today than we did a year ago.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Mueller from JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller: I was wondering going to same-store again, can you just run over the 2 9 last year versus the midpoint of two this year. It seems like there's the 30 basis point difference in the credit loss reserve that's part of it the 1% budget versus 70 bps last year. And then what's driving the other 60 basis point delta again?
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, you have different populations as we've sold lots of assets. And we think that our range of 1.5% to 2.5%, as we roll of our budget, is a pretty reasonable place to start for the year. We have taken into account what's happening really at the tenant level. We'll have to see what happens with Kmart and some other. So it's really an initial range based on our original forecast - our initial forecast, I should say.
Michael Mueller: And in Kmart and Sears in that credit reserve or are you thinking that separate from that?
Glenn Cohen: There's a good portion of that, that is in that credit reserve.
Michael Mueller: Okay. And I guess, on the follow-up just something different here. The 275 to 350 development, redevelopment investment that's anticipated for '19. How do you see that number trending once you go to 2020 and then the next few years out?
Conor Flynn: It does start to moderate. I mean, when you look the pipeline of projects that we have in the supplemental, you'll see that the development pipeline starts to skinny down. as those projects really deliver. And what I mentioned in my script is, we'll be looking to a lot of our redevelopment opportunities as we think that's the best risk adjusted return for the long term for the company. But we plan to really have, again, that $200 billion to $300 billion range going forward as an annual investment spend and to deliver significant recurring growth for us in the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: On FAD dividend payout ratio, where do you expect this year to shake out? And can you give us an idea of what the target is over the next 2 to 3 years? I know it was a bit elevated than '18 due to all the CapEx, but just trying to get an idea where you expected to settle?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I think the dividend payout ratio will come down modestly this year a little bit, but again, it's still relatively close to that 100% level. You'll start to see really start improving as we go into 2020 and 2021 as EBITDA really starts to ramp up from the coming online of our really our development projects and our redevelopment projects starting to kick in, places like Pentagon and The Boulevard on Staten Island. And then, in terms of the target, we want to try and get back down to a high 80s percent dividend payout coverage.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I guess, as a follow on, how many leases do you have expiring in 2019 and have no remaining options with approximate square footage and mark-to-market if possible?
Conor Flynn: Again, most of our anchors have pretty sizable mark-to-market on it. We didn't specifically call out with the mark-to-market is for '19. But again, from what we've done over the last several years, it somewhere in that 30% plus range. So again - and depending on what happens with Kmart, it could really be sizable when you look into '19. We can follow and give you the specific numbers of the leases that are expiring at that options. And typically, what we've been north of 30% on the mark-to-market when leases more options.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: So two questions. First, just going back to Sears, because I think the bankruptcy, the hearing on Monday. So if he does win, how does this affect the centers where you have the 13 Sears Kmart? How does this affect your plans for those centers? And were these centers potentially on your list for adding to the redevelopment such that as you were looking over the next few years, these would provide a growth, Glen, maybe help you get to that sort of mid-80s FAD payout for the dividend? Or were these centers that it doesn't matter either way of Sears stays or goes?
Glenn Cohen: You're right set for Monday. So we'll have to see how it unfolds. The 13 are in our current pipeline for redevelopment, but clearly, some of them land themselves to future redevelopment. We don't have visibility on which ones we'll be able to recapture. But clearly, as I mentioned earlier, we've been sitting back, we've been proactive getting ready to recapture all of them. So we'll have to wait and see in terms of where is the visibility is coming from and then see what we can recapture. There's a lot of value we believe with our platform that we can create, and we'll see if we can recapture them
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then just overall big picture, are you guys now done with all of the unwinding of all the legacy investments like from going forward as we think about Kimco, this is the portfolio that will be, Glen, to your point on funding redevelopment is going to be sort of match funding for dispositions? Or are we - do you think that possibly, let's say, cap rates hardened or something like that, we may see another big wave of sales from you guys?
Glenn Cohen: No. I think you're spot on. When you look at the portfolio today, we feel like we've really done the heavy lifting to transform the portfolio to what we believe is a high-quality, high barrier-to-entry that we unlock a lot of value from going forward. We put a lot of time and effort into getting the portfolio to where we believe the future of retail is headed. That convenience factor that we believe is so critical to the consumer today. And now, we're really excited to showcase what the portfolio can do and how the tremendous amount of redevelopment opportunity in the future as we work to entitle really unlocking the highest best use from our asset base. So to your point, we believe we'll transform the assets. And now, it's on us to continue to grow going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho Securities.
Haendel St. Juste: Conor, I guess, the question for you on non-real estate investments. I'm just curious thinking about the longer-term picture for that. Should we expect your income from that - your other income bucket to continue to declining over the next two years?
Conor Flynn: Can you repeat that? I didn't come through, Haendel.
Haendel St. Juste: Sorry about that. Question on how you're thinking longer-term about non-real estate investments - your non-real estate investments curious about how the income from your other income bucket, should we expect that to continue to decline over the next two years?
Conor Flynn: We've always had an opportunistic investment arm of the company that looks potential retailers that are real estate rich. And the key there is real estate rich. And so I think when we look at our how much real estate they still own on the Coast, we believe long term that investment and actually has paid off quite handsomely to date. So we believe that that's a pretty unique opportunity said that we have a Kimco. Now the population of retailers that actually real estate has So that may limit the opportunities in the future. And we also want to measure how much we have invested at anyone point in time So our focus is really on harvesting and making sure that we can redeploy that capital back into the portfolio fund redevelopment, pay down debt and get to our long-term positioning that we really want.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. That's helpful. Ross, a follow up, maybe a bit more color on the assets sold in the fourth quarter. Can you maybe share the average occupancy mark-to-market for assets? And did you notice was there any noticeable change in the buyer profile? And then maybe some color on cap rates this year? I know that you guys have given discrete disposition guidance, but just curious about how you're thinking about cap rates this year versus last year on a like-for-like basis?
Ross Cooper: Sure. I think the market remains very healthy on the assets that we sold. The buyers are still able to generate and to receive pretty strong debt financing within the markets. Obviously, the 10-year staying below 3% really helped the cash on cash returns for our investors, for our buyers on these properties. So the occupancy of the sites that we sold over the course of the year, which is pretty consistent in the fourth quarter, was right around at 93% range. So it gives a little bit of value at opportunity for potential buyer, but relatively stable for the most part. But when you look at the rents of what we sold, it was just under $12, but $11.73 to be exact of the sold sites. So again, I think, that the assets that j be looking to sell in 2019, we'll really be opportunistic with that set of opportunities for potential buyers. So we can ensure that the one that we bring to market for us to maximize value. When we executed this year at the blended 7.6% cap rate, I think, that generally speaking that should be more or less in line with expectations for what we saw in '19 depending on that specific population if and when we move forward with certain assets. So I would say that the demand continues to be healthy. We have a higher-quality asset base even within the potential disposition candidates there. So we'll just have to see how the year progresses, but we're very comfortable with the target that we're putting out year.
Conor Flynn: There's still a very large disconnect between public and private pricing. I think when you look at the shopping center as a whole, there's trades that happen every day. So it's a very - the price discovery occurs regularly. And so for us to execute on a $1 billion of disposition and see that it's really in that 7.6% cap rate range, I feel like we've really executed well on our strategy. And now, we're starting significant capital formation for shopping centers from private equity and other owners that the fundamental that we've been producing consistently. And so that's really where I think differentiates our sector from others in the retail world is the fundamentals are starting to actually shine and people are starting to notice that.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Hawthorne from RBC.
Brian Hawthorne: I guess, first one, what is driving the higher development/redevelopment spend? I guess, in your 3Q presentation, you had 250 that is for 2019?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Some of it's timing. And the spend that was done really during '18. Some of it shifted back into '19, but it's primarily driven by Damien Phase II, Pentagon Phase III and The Boulevard. I mean, those are the predominant sites that are capitals earmarked for.
Conor Flynn: There's a lot of targeted towards adding Phase III of Damien to the supplemental. That's the new project that we added.
Brian Hawthorne: Okay. And then, I guess, on renewal spreads, it looks like there's kind of been trending well over the past 1 2 '17. I guess, what's drying that? And then how is renewal spreads for the shop space?
Conor Flynn: Yes. So on the renewals, our trailing fourth quarter has usually been around at 7%. This quarter, it was slightly lower just over 5%. We did over 200 renewals this quarter. And they're really three that drove to down below that 5%. So if you remove actually bringing back to the trailing around seven. So it's fairly consistent what we've seen in the past. And on the shop space side, shop spaces, small shops are typically closer to market. And you do see upside on renewals and if they exercise the options around the 3% to 4% range. And so you'll continue to see that going forward, especially, with the higher retention levels.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays Capital.
Linda Tsai: Given the nearly $1 billion in assets in 2018, how much of that represented power centers? And has that changed your overall to this format?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. It's a good question. We've reduced our exposure to power centers from the dispositions. I would say just to be clear, though, we don't believe that all power centers created equally. So we do feel very agnostic between power grocery depending on location, demographics, density, et cetera. So we did modestly reduce our exposure to power centers. But again, we're still feeling very comfortable with the power centers that we have remaining in the portfolio. In terms of the actual number of power centers that we sold this year, yes, it's approximately 12 to 16 depending on the classification but it was about 16 power centers for - I'd say of the top of my head and I could follow with the exact, but it was about 35% to 40% of the asset sales volume sold was through power centers.
Linda Tsai: And then relative liquidation, what's your exposure there?
Conor Flynn: We really don't have anything we have one, I think so it's one.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities.
Christopher Lucas: Just a couple of quick questions. You mentioned on the renewal rates that three of them sort of drove the numbers down. Were those market renewals for those fixed price renewals?
Conor Flynn: Sorry the question, again, we've broken out.
Christopher Lucas: I'm sorry. So on the renewals you mentioned that this lease spread was impacted by three leases, correct?
Glenn Cohen: Correct.
Christopher Lucas: Okay. So on those three, were they all mark-to-market renewals? Or were there fixed-price options in those renewals that we're drying that?
Conor Flynn: No. There was one Mattress Firm, which was a slight concession for shorter period of time. And then the other one was an adjustment to market. Again, keeping them in place while we look another opportunity to redevelop.
Christopher Lucas: Okay. And then just on the same-store NOI guidance for the year, just curious as to whether the pacing we should expect to ramp towards the back end? Or whether or not we'll sort of stay kind of range bound during the course of the year? How do you guys thinking about...
Conor Flynn: Quarter-by-quarter, it always moves around little bit, but you'll probably see a higher towards the back end of the year fourth quarter should be higher.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: In your 2019 guidance, what you're embedding for lease spreads?
Glenn Cohen: Lease spreads, I think, it's pretty consistent from what it - what happened last year. So I'd say trailing 12
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And our lease modifications reflected in the lease spreads that you show in the supplemental?
Conor Flynn: [Indiscernible] extend over a year. So on some of those lease modifications 12 months as included.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just last one. Just to be clear, there will be some from Kimco this year, but not in the FFO guidance currently?
Conor Flynn: No. I mean, dispositions are in our guidance number. I mean - and again, the dispositions are also, as I mentioned, will fund a good portion of our development and redevelopment spend during the year. So there is a level of disposition that is baked into this guidance number. We think disposition is part of the natural management function for the company going forward. So in that $200 million to $300 million range, we think it's a natural run rate to continue to constantly evolve our portfolio focus on where demographics occurring and continuing to execute that. So we don't build up a future larger disposition pipeline.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. That's good. Because I think there were some questions from regarding if there was actually in the guidance, but that helps. Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI
Samir Khanal: Sorry, I got disconnected before. but just so wondered follow up on sort of cap rates and question was asked before, primarily on sort of grocery anchor centers and sort of secondary and tertiary markets where you're seeing there, especially, with some of the traditional groceries the anchor, what sort of the headwinds from e-commerce? I mean, have you seen cap rates in kind of that bucket?
Conor Flynn: Yes. I think that's an accurate statement. We've seen in the core major markets locations, grocery anchor continues to be very aggressively priced. I mentioned a couple of the examples of ones in the major markets in the West Coast that are sub-5%. You've seen a little bit of widening out of grocery anchor deals in the secondary and tertiary markets to come more in line with some of the other cap rates on power centers and otherwise within those markets. And we've talked about, there's a pretty significantly changing evolving grocery landscape. So I think that's something that investors are taking a look and really have to be careful to the sales per square foot as well as the performance and the financial viability of the specific user. So by way of example, again, we talked a little bit about the three sale leaseback properties that we acquired on the West Coast. Those locations, we're doing a blended $775 a square foot in the sales. So very attractive opportunities. That's where, I think, investors are becoming much more focused on the performance of the existing grocer as well as their financial viability longer term.
Samir Khanal: Okay. So if you have a grocer, that's doing sort of below $500 a foot secondary, tertiary market type bucket, how much do you think those cap rates have expanded, let's say, in the last sort of 6 to 9 months?
Conor Flynn: Yes. 6 to 9 months, I'd say pushing it back even in the last 12 months from - in 2018 over the course of the year. I think, you've probably seen a widening of maybe 50 or 75 basis points in those secondary and tertiary markets if the grocery performance is not well above the average.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thank you very much for participating on our call today. I'm available to answer any follow-up questions you may have and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: This conference is now concluded. Thank you for joining today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - Senior Vice President Conor Flynn - Chief Executive Officer Ross Cooper - President and Chief Investment Officer Glenn Cohen - Chief Financial Officer David Jamieson - Chief Operating Officer Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Christy McElroy - Citi Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Greg McGinniss - Scotiabank Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors Derek Johnston - Deutsche Bank Wesley Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Linda Tsai - Barclays
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Kimco's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning. And thank you for joining Kimco's third quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, Kimco's CFO; David Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of the call may be deemed forward-looking. And it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our Web site. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks Dave and good morning everyone. Today, I'll provide an overview of our third quarter performance and give an update on our leasing and redevelopment progress, two critical components of our growth strategy. Ross will then report on our quarterly transaction activity and describe the overall transactional environment. Finally, Glenn will provide details on key metrics and our updated 2018 guidance. Overall, the economy is healthy and consumer confidence is near at 18-year high as we enter the critical holiday season. Retail sales growth projections for this holiday season from both the National Retail Federation and ICSC are north of 4%, and we anticipate that our transformed portfolio will benefit from increased traffic and purchasing power. Having made the strategic decision to increase our dispositions in 2018, our portfolio is now well positioned to embrace the dynamic change in retail that is unfolding right before our eyes, and moving at a faster pace than anyone could have imagine. We were seeing major shifts in consumer preferences and shopping habits, impacting every retail category, which has resulted in a form of retail Darwinism. While some legacy retailer have been unable to adapt and compete in the renew environment, resulting in reorganization or liquidation, there are many more savvy well capitalized and experienced retailers who have successfully adapted their business models and are flourishing. We are also seeing many new and creative concepts stepping in and grabbing market share at a rapid cliff. Off-price continues to thrive. Our recent National Retail Federation survey showed that 89% of consumers shop at discount retailers and their appeal spans across ages and income groups. Retailers like Walmart and Target have gone on the offensive with acquisitions or new store concepts and the results are showing. Target, for example, recorded traffic growth of 6.4% in its most recent earnings report, by far the strongest since the Company began reporting traffic in 2008. Comparable sales increased 6.5%, which was Target’s best comp in 13-years. Health and wellness concepts and trends continue to create new demand across categories, from new forms of exercise classes to restaurants and to fashion. And this is just the tip of the iceberg, with other new retail concepts and categories continuing to emerge. So, while change in the retail sector maybe disconcerting to the investor, the fact of the matter is that there are more store openings than closings. And the changes occurring in the shopping center landscape are for the better. Why for the better? Because the survivors and new comers are better capitalized and better prepared to adapt the consumers' changing taste and needs. Kimco's vision and strategy dovetails with this continuous evolution by focusing on place making and reinvesting in our best assets to create live-work-play experiences. The key is having the right real estate, an exceptional team and a rock solid balance sheet. The quality of Kimco’s real estate is validated on a daily basis. As the demand for space in our shopping center portfolio remains strong with new and expanding retailers continuing to see great locations. This is also reflected in our key metrics with continued strength in leasing spreads occupancy and same side NOI. Our new lease spreads are 12.1% continue our streak of 19 quarters in a row with spreads over 10%. Our portfolio occupancy remains strong to 95.8% despite the slight impact from the Toys R Us vacates.. While our small shop occupancy has reached at an all time high of 98.8%. As to Toys R Us, we have executed leases or leases have been assumed on more than 60% of Toys R Us spaces, or 13 of 21 boxes with LOIs and leases pending on all remaining locations. The demand has been strong but the primary drivers coming from the leaders and off-price furniture, hobby, fitness and entertainment. The recent Sears Holding's bankruptcy should provide Kimco with the long weighted opportunity to reposition our 14 remaining Sears Kmart locations, which are significantly below market. And while these boxes account for only 60 basis points of our total ADR, we have been proactively marketing these locations and are ready to recapture them and start to create value. As for our major projects, we were thrilled to host our grand opening of Lincoln Square in the third quarter with residents moving into the apartment units and Sprouts Farmers Market opening the lines around the block. This Center City Philadelphia project provides a window into the future of what we expect from our mixed use platform. Other major milestones include the opening of our first phase of Dania Pointe in Florida that is set for next week, and Costco's opening at Mill Station in Owings Mills, Maryland just last week. These signatures series redevelopments are now all over 90% preleased and are set to deliver significant growth for the Company in 2019 and beyond. In closing, we are pleased with the momentum we are building in both our leasing and redevelopment platforms. The strength of our portfolio has given us the confidence to raise our FFO and same site NOI guidance for 2018. We believe it is more important than ever to have a motivated team that is laser focused on execution at the local level to help drive strong sustainable growth and create long term shareholders value. And now, I'll turn it over to Ross for his transaction updates.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. We had another very productive quarter on the transaction side, setting us up for a strong year-end. In the third quarter, we sold 10 shopping centers for $154 million KIM share. An additional sale occurred yesterday in Greenville South Carolina for $37 million. With those closings behind us, we have now sold 49 centers year-to-date with total Kim share proceeds of approximately $722 million, exceeding the bottom end of our range of $700 million to $900 million provided at the beginning of the year. As such, we are raising the low end of the dispositions guidance for a new range of $800 million to $900 million. The blended cap rate through the third quarter remains within the target range of 7.5% to 8% and we anticipate ending the year firmly within set range. As we previously indicated, given the success of our disposition activity this year, our 2019 disposition plans anticipate only a modest level of asset pruning with proceeds being used primarily to fund redevelopment. As we enter the year with our right-sized portfolio, the major focus for the Company is the internal growth opportunities. In terms of transactions market color, investor demand for shopping centers remain strong across all quality levels and geographic locations. Core institutional asset sales continue to be very competitive with substantial capital raise and dry-powder chasing limited opportunities. Cap rates for this product continues to be sticky with transactions in the low 5s and high 4s in several coastal markets. Value-add investors continue to seek yield and are willing to stretch for asset that meet their criteria and provide upside potential. There has been a tangible increase in investor demand for our assets earmarked for disposition over the course of the year with private equity capital plentiful and debt readily available from traditional lenders, as well as non-traditional financing sources. We've also been approached by interested parties evaluating larger portfolio opportunities. However, at this stage of our disposition program, we continue to focus on finishing off the remainder of the asset sales on a one-off basis. We still believe that is the best way to maximize value. Glenn will now provide additional detail on our financial performance for the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross and good morning. Our third quarter performance further exemplifies our continued focus on execution of our strategic plan. Leasing continues at a brisk pace, our signature suites projects are beginning to come online, our disposition target is in range and our balance sheet and liquidity position are in solid shape. For the fourth quarter, NAREIT FFO was $0.34 per diluted share, which includes $0.03 per share charge from the early extinguishment about $300 million 6.875% bonds and $0.01 per share from transactional income, primarily from gains on land sales. FFO was adjusted, which excludes transactional income and charges and non-operating impairments, was $0.36 per diluted share for the third quarter as compared to $0.38 per diluted share for the same quarter last year. The decrease is a direct result of our aggressive disposition program, which resulted in the sale of $922 million of assets during the past 15 months and a corresponding reduction of NOI of approximately $16 million during the quarter. The proceeds from the dispositions we used to fund our development and redevelopment programs, which are beginning to produce cash flow, as well as the debt reduction. Our transformed portfolio with over 80% of our annual base rents coming from assets in our top 20 markets nationwide is producing strong operating metrics. Our programmed anchor occupancy was 97.6% at the end of the quarter despite the 40 basis point impact from the Toys R Us boxes that vacated during the quarter, and as Conor mentioned, are being addressed at the speedy pace. Our leasing spreads for new leases remained double digit positive and lease options and renewals produced 7.9% increase. Same side NOI growth was 2.3% for the third quarter and includes a contribution of 10 basis points from redevelopment projects. Most encouraging was the 3.5% growth in the minimum rent component of our same site NOI, which was offset primarily by higher property expenses net of recoveries due to large real estate cash refund received last year and higher credit loss reserve due to the recent bankruptcy filings of various tenants. For the nine month period ended September, same site NOI growth was 3% primarily from the minimum rent contributions with no incremental effect from redevelopments. Same site NOI growth for the quarter and the nine month period at September both benefited from more Toys R Us leases being affirmed or assigned and anticipated and the delay in timing of lease rejections by Toys R Us. On the balance sheet front, our consolidation weighted average debt maturity profile is now 10.7 years, one of the longest in the REIT industry with no unsecured debt maturing until May of 2021, and only $120 million of mortgage debt maturing during the same timeframe. We have over $2 billion available on our unsecured revolving credit facility, which provides a significant liquidity for any opportunistic funding refinements. Let me spend a moment on 2018 guidance. Based on our year-to-date same site NOI results, we are increasing our same site NOI growth guidance for the full year 2018 from 2% to 2.5% to a new range of 2.3% to 2.7%. We are also increasing our full year NAREIT FFO per share guidance range from $1.43 to $1.46 per share to a new range of $1.45 to $1.47, and listing our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range from $1.43 to $1.46 to a new range of $1.44 to $1.46. We will provide 2019 guidance on our next earnings call. Our team remains confident and energized as we complete 2018, and look forward to realizing the benefits of our efforts in coming year. And with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
David Bujnicki: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to offer a reminder that you may ask a question with an additional follow-up. If you have any further questions, you are welcome to rejoin the queue. Anita, you can take our first caller.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The first question today comes from Jeremy Metz with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Ross, I was hoping you can give a little more detail about the stuff you sold in the quarter in terms of occupancy, and what the mark-to-market profile look likes for those assets. And then you mentioned moving to a more modest level of sales next year. Can you put some rough numbers around what exactly that could mean?
Ross Cooper: In terms of the sales this quarter, the total amount of $154 million was a little bit less than previous quarters, but continued to be primarily geographically located within the Midwest and a couple of other assets outside of the Central part of the country. Occupancy remains very high on the disposition side just around 95% for the quarter. So we are selling fairly stabilize assets. As we get into next year, as we mentioned, it will be a meaningfully less number. We are very confident in the right size portfolio that we have by the end of this year. So we’ll continue to prune assets and fund redevelopment opportunities with that, and really focus on the recurring FFO growth for 2019. But it will be a modest number.
Jeremy Metz: So is that $200 million to $300 million, is that kind of a fair ballpark to put it?
Ross Cooper: I think when you look at our redevelopment spend, which will be started in that low to mid $200 million number, the dispositions are really earmarked for that.
Jeremy Metz: And second one from me, just in terms of the bankruptcies here, the 21 Toys' boxes. How many of those are peer re-tenant boxes as is versus where you’re going to need to break it up? And then can you also comment on Mattress Firm. You have the 62 leases. So do you know at this point how many are on that near term closing list? And then the rent is north of $29 in aggregate, so a little about the portfolio level. So is it fair to assume that the rents will come down here as you re-lease those or any range you can frame around that opportunity?
David Jamieson: First, let’s address the Toys R Us, question. In terms of those that have already been awarded at auction or signed, there were six initially. So there is no downtime in rents. They are assumed either by retailers or other operators. From there, we’ve had since before this call seven executed, six have what’s should have been single tenant backfills, one of which is a box split and then that brings you to 13. Of the remaining, we have six that are in negotiation, LOI negotiation, of which three of the six will be single tenant backfills. So out of that group, you only see four that could be potential box splits. And then on the remaining two there, they are currently flagged and are under contract for disposition. So what we've seen is really single tenant has been the dominant use for these boxes, which is obviously helped reduce the overall cost required to reposition the boxes. And then as it relates to Mattress Firm I'll turn it over to Glenn.
Glenn Cohen: With regard to Mattress Firm, eight of our 62 properties were listed sites to close in the first month of the filling and for now, we don’t know of any store closings. We’re working with the company. We might figure a few more might fall out as they might see want rent reductions that we don’t want to give to them. But it should be pretty fast pace with them assuming by middle of November to have a plan improve to come out of bankruptcy shortly thereafter at 100% plan to the unsecured creditors.
Conor Flynn: And we're comfortable with the mark-to-market on those locations. We feel like they're pretty much right at market. We don't see any see any rent roll downs. Typically, they like to be right up in front either on a pad or on NCAP. And as our small shop occupancy, as you know, it's just hit all time highs. There is significant demand for those locations from service tenants, from restaurants, from financials. So we feel really strong that those bases will be recaptured and leased very quickly.
Operator: Next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy: Just with regards to the 14 Sears Kmart boxes, in terms of being ready to recapture them. I know it's early in the process. But just wondering how much progress you're looking to potentially make in the context of the bankruptcy process. And what impact does Bridgehampton being collateral in the debt financing have on your ability to get back at some point?
David Jamieson: So on the Kmart's the 14. So what we know today is that there will be four coming back to us. And right now, it actually has to go to auction. One of which is slated for dispo and then other remaining three, we have LOIs and negotiation for the balance of those boxes for single tenant users. And as a reminder as well, one of those is in one joint venture where we own 15%, while the other is -- and eventually in which we own 49%. So from a cost standpoint, we feel very comfortable there. That said, it still needs to go to auction, auction date has not yet been set yet. So what we've been doing and what we've messaged clearly over prior quarters is we've constantly prepared for this event and we continue to be out in the market preleasing these boxes with contingent leases. So if and when we do get them back, we'll be ready to act.
Glenn Cohen: And then with regards to Bridgehampton, typically, one is that was an bankruptcy. Almost usually all the leases are part of collateral, so they're very selective here in what they did. But if there is reorganization around the company, which they're trying to do or going to [indiscernible], probably Bridgehampton will be part of that and we might not get it back. But if it's a wind down then it's doesn't matter and we'll have an opportunity to get the property back to that time.
Christy McElroy: And then, Conor, you talked a bit about the big changes in retail happening at a faster pace whenever. Just from a bigger picture perspective. Can you put in context how you're thinking about the necessary CapEx spend in that environment? So you have on hand the revenue generating redevelopment investigation opportunities created but then there is also this elevated pace of re-tenanting churn. And how you're thinking about that relative to trying to get back to free cash flow positive after dividend?
Conor Flynn: When you look at our strategic goals for the long term for Kimco, we were very vocal about what we wanted to do with the portfolio to really transform the geographic locations. We're big believers in the top-line markets in the U.S. that's where we see population growth, that's where we see barriers to entry and that's where we see retailers want to be. And they want to concentrate their store base there. So what we found is the demand for the locations in those areas have been really actually stronger than we anticipated. And that's why you're seeing us be I think well ahead of where are we anticipated for our Toy R Us leasing, because those boxes really are concentrated in our best markets. There will be some tenant churn, as you mentioned. We've gone through a point where the legacy retailers that have not invested in the store and not put the customer really as a focal point, those are the boxes that are coming back to us. But the beauty of Kimco is our diversity, when you look at our tenant diversity, we feel like it's unmatched. If you look at the ability of us to mark-to-market on those boxes gives us great potential to really generate significant return on investment for our shareholders. And what we continue to focus on, whether it's the Toys' boxes or the Kmart boxes, we look at it as an opportunity. We look at it as a way that we've got the right portfolio now that we can unlock the value for our shareholders by repositioning the real estate with great quality tenants that are going to drive more traffic. And then you get the halo effect that will really drive the surrounding rents on the spaces that have been living with some of these retailers that have not been driving traffic for an extended period of time. And so that’s where the focus has been of the Company and we're very excited to turn the page and head into '19 with the trim down portfolio tightly concentrated in our best metro markets with the big redevelopment pipeline that’s just starting about to deliver as you've seen with Lincoln Square and others where we've got, I think, the right mix of projects and place making that really makes a difference in today's world, because you can't just lineup boxes next to each other and think that someone who's going to shop it, you've got to lien, you've got to create the place, you’ve got to do more from n landlord perspective.
Christy McElroy: Just one quick follow up on that, it sounded like the Toys' boxes, a few of them are going to be box foots. I can imagine these Kmart boxes, a bunch of them are going to be box splits. What impact is that have on the timeline to getting free cash flow positive? I think originally you were talking about potentially next year. I had to imagine that this CapEx spend continued to eat into that?
Conor Flynn: Well, remember six were awarded from the Toys', so we actually have no capital outlay there. And the majority of the Toys' boxes are actually individual tenants taking the existing boxes. And the cost has actually been pretty modest when you look at the TI and landlord work there. Right now, it's right in that range of $35 to $40 a foot for the Toys' location. So, we feel like we've been careful and cognizant of the CapEx that are going into these boxes. You're right when you split a box, it takes little bit longer to get the rent to commence. But since the lion share of these boxes have been single tenant users, we feel like we can get those paying tenants open quicker. And you've seen that with the compression of the leased economic occupancy spread. We put a lot of effort and put more resources behind expediting rent commencement dates and you're starting to see that happen.
Glenn Cohen: Don’t forget, these are also revenue generating -- this is revenue generating CapEx. This is not just maintaining same rents. You have rents on these Sears boxes that are at 5 bucks a foot. So there is a fair amount of revenue generation that’s going to come from it.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Looking toward future redevelopment efforts, will you be actually replacing existing anchors, given just view on winners and losers in the space?
Conor Flynn: I think that’s always part of the business, Craig. When you look at how to generate the most traffic to your assets, you really want to try and put together the tenants that are going to drive traffic at all points during the day. And so, this is a long-term business. Typically, our retailers sign long-term leases. So, we would have love to been repositioning our real estate over the years with the best-in-class. But many times, the real estate is controlled by these long-term leases. So, as these boxes have been coming back to us, you've seen us get the mark-to-market opportunity, as well as the repositioning opportunity to drive more traffic. And so there has been a lot more repositioning with the off-price players. When you look at TJX and all their banners, including their newest concepts, they are doing quite well; Homesense and Sierra Trading Post, Burlington and Rawson and then Sprouts Farmers Market; the Specialty Grocers, where we're doing a lot of deals with Sprouts and Trader Joe's and Whole Foods. Those are the types of players that we get really excited about, because it compresses the cap rate on the whole assets and it also drives tremendous amount of traffic.
Craig Schmidt: And then what is the climate of the smaller space, the small business in terms of taking new space?
Glenn Cohen: The climate for our small shops has been very, very strong. When you look at 90.8% on our small shop occupancy, which is by far in a way the highest we've ever seen in the Company. It's just evidenced you have small businesses that are continuing to look to open locations. The franchise model has been very successful in this last run up. It gives people an opportunity to focus on the business less so on specifically trying to find a business, so they can take an existing business and just start performing. You've seen the carriers doing well, the financials doing well, fast casual, QSRs, all very, very active. You can be excited of the fact too that Amazon with the Amazon Go rollouts, how that trends, the pace of that no one knows. But just again, it's further illustrating that there is high-high for a great quality real estate on the small shop category.
Conor Flynn: We have been putting a lot of focus, Craig, on services. When you look at the makeup of our small shop tenant base, we always had the hair salon, the nail salon and now we've really seen a boost when you look at the business element in the health and wellness and beauty that has just been a major, major shift in terms of demand. And we continue to see it expand and we like those uses, because we haven’t been able to figure out what’s the Internet resistant type use like those fitness players where you can’t do that online here.
Glenn Cohen: And just to add a little also. Having transform portfolio with all the sales we’ve done, I mean it's part of the evidence that it's working. Now getting to 90.8% of small shop, it's proves where the profits are. You have properties that are in higher demographic areas, higher household incomes, higher density, higher population, it's just better market and they lead to being able to add more small shop space to the centers.
Operator: The next question comes from Greg McGinniss with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: I was just curious what percent of taxable income is currently being distributed and how you’re thinking about dividend raises considering the level of dispositions this year and the mid 80% if full payout I believe you have talked about before?
Glenn Cohen: We are comfortable with the dividend level is today. Again, we are focused on continuing to grow our EBITDA and our recurring FFO as we go forward. And each quarter we go ahead and we analyze and look and discuss with our board where the dividend level is. For now, we're fine and very comfortable where it is and we’ll go quarter-by-quarter and continue to monitor.
Conor Flynn: As we have mentioned before, we have a very large redevelopment pipeline that’s now prefunded and preleased and starting to deliver. And that really showcasing what we believe is going to really grow the recurring the FFO and EBITDA levels in '19 and '20. So, that’s where we've been investing as we want to create the places that people want to come back to time and time again, which will really help us drive free cash flow.
Greg McGinniss: So how do you think about that discrepancy or -- matching out of the mid 80% for payout goal or increasing the dividend, I guess?
Conor Flynn: Again, it’s a balance and we’re going to continue to grow recurring FFO and EBITDA and then talk with our board and see when it makes sense to continue to grow our dividend.
Greg McGinniss: And with disposition and funding earmarked for redevelopment next year. Should we expect another year of pretty limited acquisitions? I mean, is there anything even worth buying at this point?
David Jamieson: I mean, there are certainly assets in the market that we like. We continue to be very selective and I would imagine it will be an extremely modest level for next year. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the cap rates and the prices for the high quality stocks is still very aggressive with low cap rates. With where our cost of capital is today, it doesn't make sense for us to be acquiring in the open market. So, we'll continue to monitor. We see everything that's out there. We're building long term relationships for acquisition opportunities when our cost of capital does come back. But for now, our priority is clearly the redevelopment spend where we get significantly better yield than what we would planned on the open market.
Ross Cooper: We have a very deep pipeline of redevelopment projects. And the team is spending a lot of human capital working on getting entitlements for future projects that will take us several years out. So we feel pretty comfortable that where we can deploy our capital accretively.
Conor Flynn: We will always be looking for adjacent parcels and things that could potential add to our redevelopment potential where it makes sense for value creation opportunities.
Operator: Next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: Maybe I want to just spend a little bit more time on the cash flow side of the argument part of the debate. So, when I'm looking at your consolidated -- your condensed consolidated statement of income, it looks like your revenue came down quarter-over-quarter. Is that just due to you pruning your portfolio, or are there other things that we should be considering?
Glenn Cohen: No, it's a direct correlation to the amount of sales. As I mentioned, over the last 15 months, we've sold over $900 million of assets. That's what it relates to.
Rich Hill: But then at the same time, it looks like CapEx is up to maybe stable at the same time. Is that just because -- to go back to what was previously discussed. Is that just because you're spending more line on development at this point?
Glenn Cohen: We are between the developments, the redevelopments. Again, we put some money back into the Sports Authority boxes that are not starting to see come on line. If you look at our lease to economic spread, that's actually narrowed by 50 basis points. So again, that's from more than capital that we put in to get those flows starting.
Rich Hill: Once we get the 10-Q, I may have some additional questions. But thank you guys, I appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just two questions. First, Glenn, just with Sears, Mattress Firm, Toys, being the biggies. As we think about NOI this year versus next, how much NOI is going to be coming out of 2019 as these retailers wind down with an understanding you're going go back selling but still probably not till later in the later. And I understand that Sears maybe restructure it, so maybe that some of that NOI doesn't go away. But just can you quantify it of how much NOI is going to come out of on an annualized basis out of 2019. And then we can guess at when that may start to get come back online in the later part.
Glenn Cohen: The short answer is we can't actually do that, because we don't really know what's going to happen with Sears Kmart. We know that a few of them have been that we expect to get them but we don't know what's going to happen with the other 10. And in the case of Mattress Firm, although, there is eight on the block as Ray mentioned, we don’t know what the final balance is going to be there as well. The other point I would make on the Mattress Firm is on the once that they reject, because it is 100% plan, we are going to wind up getting a full years' worth of rent as part of a rejection claim. So, the Mattress Firm leases, I don’t really think they are going to have a major impact on our '19 NOI. So, it's very, very hard to predict what it's going to be. I think the good news for us is when you look in total, Sears makes up less than 60 basis points, Mattress Firm makes up less than 80 basis points. And it does look like Mattress Firm is going to come out as a rework, so many of those clients will stay in place.
Alexander Goldfarb: And then the second question is just on Albertsons, thinking for your next steps. What are you guys thinking as far as your position there? Is it worth it -- I mean, it would seem like you don't really get any credit for it. So is pursuing a private sale and just being done with it and not having this linger over. Does that seem more likely, especially if the retail environment seems to be improving? And my understanding is Albertsons had some good sales recently or good earnings recently. Or is your hope still to try and affect either in IPO or some sort of merger?
Conor Flynn: I think that the IPO route is the way that the company is focused on it. And listen they went to all the noise over eight months of its merger with Rite Aid. And during that time period, they improved the operations they didn’t get distracted from that, sales improved. They reduced their debt levels. They had about $11 billion in net debt a year and half ago and now they have about $9.5 billion in net debt. And they're getting themselves in the right shape for the company with over $1 billion of free cash flow expected in the coming year that they're going to get themselves markets prevailing and allowing us to be in a good position sometime hopefully in '19 to do something on IPO. But again markets have a little direction of whether we can do something or not. But they're running the business very well, improving the business, reducing the debt and it's all we can ask them to do for us right now.
Glenn Cohen: I'd add also Alex that -- again in our '19 numbers, there is nothing in there for Albertsons enrolled; we are focused on our core business of leasing, development, redevelopment; Albertsons when it happens, it's just going to be an outside for us. So it's not in anyone's numbers, it's not in any of our debt metrics or anything else that goes along that line.
Alexander Goldfarb: I understand, Glenn, but it's still a source of capital. So are you guys dual tracking it where you're running right now possibly, which you have to private people to sell to, if the IPO doesn’t occur? I mean, it just seems like it does help you guys de-lever and get you there where that's more beneficial than maybe maximizing the last dollar.
Conor Flynn: We're not doing that at this point. We haven’t considered that it, I think. We think we're very bullish on where they are going now and there is a lot of upside if they execute the plan. And you don’t want to leave too much money on the table, so we're not even thinking about that, because we're very bullish on the prospects for the next year or so.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa: I guess first question really is on the redevelopment development program. As you just look out for the '19, '20 and maybe even deals that you're contemplating for '21. What kind of returns do you think you can achieve? And what maybe cost pressures are you seeing on the construction side and what rents are there on those yields?
Conor Flynn: When you look at our pipeline, we actually feel like we're in really good shape, because the developments that we have really in the pipeline right now are all prefunded and heavily preleased and will start to really deliver in '19 and '20; so when you look at Grand Parkway Phase 1 and Phase 2, that’s going into operations now; when you look at Dania Pointe, the Phase 1, we're actually going down next week for the ribbon cutting and it's over 90% preleased and open, and really stabilize in '19; when you look at Lincoln Square, the retail is 100% preleased and we’re now really starting to bring on the multi family section of it with we just actually signed our 100th apartment lease there; and Mill Station, we just opened Cosco, Lowe's expect to open right after that and its over 90% prelease. On the redevelopment side, we’ve got some great projects that are under construction; Pentagon is topped off that’s our large multifamily tower; we sit right above the metro there in Pentagon City and continue to watch that when take shape; the Boulevard in Staten Island continues to take shape, as well as few is going up. The projects that we have currently under construction really have all of Gmax contracts. So even though prices have been rising, we’ve locked in our cost and feel very comfortable with our returns. On the future projects, as we mentioned earlier, we are working hard and entitling a number of projects across the portfolio. And then each one we’re going to have a decision tree of how we fund it, how we’re going to actually create the highest and best returns for our shareholders. And as you have seen in our pipeline, we really identified really where our cost of capital is and how would we best unlock the value for our shareholders. We can sell those entitlements. We can ground those entitlements. We can joint venture those entitlements. And so right now where our cost to capital is, we’re going to look at the portfolio and look at the opportunities we have in the future. And when we get the projects shelve ready then we’re going to take the best approach, going forward. The returns for multifamily have been in that, call it, 6% to 7.5% returns and on retail they have been much higher. And so we're cognizant of where our cost of capital is and the funding requirements and then going forward, we're going to take it on a one off basis and really identify what’s the best way to unlock the value.
Steve Sakwa: So, is there a way for you to just blend it? So on average, the '19 and '20 deliveries you think will have average returns of what?
Glenn Cohen: In between 7% and 8%, I think when you look at the blended, because of the multifamily projects that we have coming online that that brings it into 7% to 8% range.
Steve Sakwa: And I realized you're not giving 2019 guidance. But as you just look forward and think about the tenant watch list and a lot of things that’s happened this year and maybe the timing of like the Sears Kmart was under there this year and maybe next year. As you just look at the watch list today, how does that stack up versus maybe a year ago? And would you consider or think that your reserves would need to be as big next year as they were coming into this year?
Conor Flynn: The watch list is something obviously we talk about a lot and we continue to see that. Actually it's getting a little bit smaller with these legacy retailers liquidating and going out of business. And so, when you look at our exposure, it really is modest compared to what it has been in years past. Sears Kmart, for example, even though we have 14 locations one of them is actually already subleased to a public retailer. So we don’t think we'd lose any income or have any capital outlay there at all. We think that three of the four that are going to auction, there is a chance that a number of those locations might be purchased at auction, because of the below market leases, so again. limiting our downtime and our costs on some of those locations. I mean, clearly, there is still some disruption going on in retail and we're cognizant of that. We don’t want to sound overly optimistic but we look at the portfolio, we look at where we’re positioned and we think that the normal run rate going forward of that 100 basis points of bad debt reserve is something that we continue and we'll have going forward as we look at years '19 and '20.
Operator: The next question comes from Vince Tibone with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Vince Tibone: For the seven Toys' boxes that have already been re-leased. When do you expect those tenants to open and start paying rents and what was the mark-to-market on those spaces?
David Jamieson: So the mark-to-market has been pretty much in the mid-single digits, low to mid-single digits. And in terms of flows of those, we'd expect to start seeing them coming in the back half of '19 and into '20 as well. So again, six of the seven of those are single tenant uses. So, those will be push forward and start find a little bit sooner than the others.
Vince Tibone: Were those spreads you're expecting on these spaces or is that in line with your expectations maybe a year ago?
David Jamieson: I mean, most of the significantly below market leases were one that were picked up in auctions. So when you look at the whole portfolio, the whole mark-to-market opportunity was higher. And then for those that we had remaining, they were slightly close to the market. So that's about in line with what we were expecting.
Vince Tibone: My next question is for Ross. You mentioned Kimco was approached by interested buyers about potential portfolio deals. Do you still feel that portfolio deals are being discounted by buyer versus the pricing you could achieve by selling individual assets?
Ross Cooper: I think there is still a modest level of discount but it's certainly narrowed somewhere that the discount for portfolios was when there were discussions that we were having at the early part of the year. So, I do think that there are large private equity groups that are getting a bit more constructive on retail and looking at opportunities within portfolios. So, you may see that as we get into '19 with some other portfolio owners. But for us, we're at the tail end of this program. So, we just have -- we're going to finish it off with the one-off strategy.
Operator: The next question comes from Derek Johnston with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Derek Johnston: Could you talk about cap rates that you've seen for different formats? Have you seen any divergence between power centers versus grocery anchored, especially with recent pushes into online grocery, any changes in demand or pricing?
Glenn Cohen: I think for the core major market assets, grocery anchored products is still very much in favor, particularly for the best-in-class grocers. So, there are couple of examples in Raleigh, Portland, Northern California. We've seen grocery anchored deals either closed or priced sub-5%. I would agree with the premise that as you get a little bit outside of the real major institutional type of assets that buyers are being much more critical of who the grocer is, what their performance is, if their rent is replacable. Whereas in years past, I believe that having a grocery anchored was an automotive all the proof type of investment for an investor. So, I think there is a bit of a blending now between grocery power if you're outside the major institutional markets, people are just much more focused on who the retailer is, how their performance is, how their rent compares to market and if there is any additional upside. So, that's really what we're seeing in the marketplace today.
Derek Johnston: And no TIs and CapEx associated with new leasing activity in 3Q, it did looked a bit higher than previous quarters and the volumes looked a little light. Of course, I understand this is a volatile statistic Q-over-Q and a slightly smaller portfolio. But was this related to a specific new lease or is it consistent with breaking up some of the bigger boxes and something that may remain elevated into 2019 if there's any insight there that you can share please?
Glenn Cohen: You're spot on it was driven by a few leases that elevated the cost side. But what's also more important to look at is on the new rent side. So when you look at the trailing forward or just over 19 bucks, in this quarter we're at over $22 a foot. So there is a significant gain there as well more than compensate for the slight increase of the additional cost and that's where it was driven by. So you strip those out and you're pretty much back in your trailing four and the trend we assume will continue.
Operator: Next question comes from Wesley Golladay with RBC. Please go ahead.
Wesley Golladay: Looking at the Toys R Us, you had six Toys' boxes awarded to others. And I think you mentioned maybe some of the Kmart's maybe assumed by others. Could you talk about who are those entities might be, is it retailers with construction teams, landlords, et cetera?
Conor Flynn: So on those that we have assumed, they were all primarily retailers. So they would be managing their own construction, so doing their construction absolutely and then you get on the Kmart's same thing. And these operators, retailers, off price graphs have been popular with the Toys', those who have been the drivers of it, furniture fitness, et cetera.
Wesley Golladay: And then when we look at the redevelopment budget for next year, I believe at a higher level, it's around $250 million. Is there any part of that budget dedicated to the Siers Kmart redevelopment?
Conor Flynn: There is a fee to this that we just have as a place holder. But again, we will have to wait and see how that plays out.
Operator: Next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Conor, I guess for you. I know you are not ready to talk about 2019 guidance, but obviously '19, looking like a bit of a transition year held back a bit by this years' disposition activities and REIT drag. And the growing 2018 same store NOI base, you have raised guidance now two quarters in a row. I guess, I'm more curious what you think the portfolio, the Kimco portfolio can generate on the same-store NOI and that’s the full growth basis on a more steady-state basis once all the noise settles down? Thanks.
Conor Flynn: Our goal long-term it to be the best shopping center REIT in the entire sector and we believe that in order to do that, we have to have same site NOI growth. That's really north of 2.5% on a long-term run rate and an FFO growth rate that’s in that 4% to 5% or higher. And so when you look at the portfolio and what we're trying to do that’s our long-term goal to get there. Now, '19 has some hurdles ahead of us because of the accounting change, because of the dispositions that we did and because of the developments redevelopments that are continuing to start to ramp and they continue to ramp from '19 into '20. So, our goal is to get there. We obviously have our work cut off across '19 where we're committed to make it a growth year. And that’s we continue to say is that we have repositioned the portfolio to where we see now we can really run a top quality and top-flight portfolio, going forward.
Haendel St. Juste: A question -- follow up on the tenant side. We have seen a number of traditional strip center tenants who are still opening a large number of stores of the Five Below partners starting to go into B&C Mall sometimes or next year here because it's often cheaper. Curious what you’re thinking and seeing on this front and how it impacts your view on tenant retention going forward as the environment for some of these tenants gets more competitive? Thanks.
Conor Flynn: It's something that we talk about a lot and watch closely. When you look at the competitive set, we continue to look at malls as a competitor. And when you think about though the opportunity set there that retailers are looking at, the mall is really a four headed monster when you look at the anchors that they have. And really the retailers that we're used to doing business with that you listed off, they're really focused on making sure that they have great visibility to the street, big fields of parking and an exterior entrance. And so, when you think about the mall, there's really only probably one or maybe two boxes that could be repositioned to flip to the exterior and retain that type of visibility and that parking field and that exterior entrance. And so it has very limited today and now that we've repositioned the portfolio to be concentrated in the top 20 markets, we believe that if a, A-mall gets a box back, the likelihood of them doing an off-price retailer or a discounter is probably very limited, because they're probably either going to do a luxury and redevelopment or identification for that box. And so, that’s why we continue to look at the portfolio as well positioned for that channel supply that we've been talking about now for a number of years.
Haendel St. Juste: Do you have handy what the retention levels have been historically, say the last five years and maybe how we should think -- or how you're thinking about that, going forward. 
Conor Flynn: The retention levels have increased. I mean, when you look at the amount of options and renewals that we're doing, we continue to be pleased with the retention rate. Not only in the junior boxes and anchor boxes, but also in the small shop boxes, we continue to be budget on that assumption. And so, we’ve been watching that closely and I think it's a reflection of the improved portfolio as well. It's pretty evident what's happened with the portfolio when you have options renewals running in high single digits quarter-after-quarter. I mean, that's really when these tenants have the opportunity to move down the stream, go somewhere else if they think they can get a better deal. Yet they are signing renewals and options in high single digit numbers without putting any real capital into it.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Mueller with JP. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: When you I guess through the Dania Hill Station and Lincoln Square developments, are we going to see a pipeline of new development opportunities that backfills those?
Conor Flynn: We're going to continue to look for the Lincoln Square in the world that those are real needles in the haystack and the Dania’s of the world. So, we look at our portfolio and see the huge amount of opportunity on the redevelopment side. And so that's where we're going to focus and continue to look for that organic internal growth that we can add to the pipeline. Dania has multiple phase to it. The second phase obviously is now moving forward. We've been wanting to also keep in mind on Dania Phase 2 is that the apartments are under construction, which we have as a ground lease. And so it's not listed as an anchor but it's one that continues to evolve as that project really comes into a zone in the first phases opening next week. So, as you see the transformation of the portfolio, going forward, I think you're going to see more Pentagons, more of those types of redevelopment versus say these are ground ups.
David Jamieson: And that’s where that the team has been working on these entitlements. It's really been able to gain entitlements where we can further identify the properties.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Glenn, just a quick question on where you stand as it relates to the taxable income given where you expect asset sales to come in and the pricing. Is there any need potentially for special dividend this year given the sizable volume of asset sales?
Glenn Cohen: I mean, we have done a lot of strategic planning to put us in a position where we don't think we will need a special dividend at all. But you'll see the composition of the dividend be very different than what it's been in the past. So it has to had some level of return of capital. Right now, I think there would be no return of capital it will be a pretty good mix of ordinary income and capital gains, because we have not used the 1031 exchange market to defer the gain. So, we have a pretty significant amount of capital gains that are in taxable income this year.
Chris Lucas: And then just a quick question, Conor, just on the 14 Sears Kmart boxes, if you were to bucket them between those that could potentially trigger redevelopment versus those that are more likely to simple backfills. Could you give us a sense as to what that split is?
Conor Flynn: There is a number in there that we've been focused on in terms of large scale mixed Q3 development, and it fits all. It's probably in the 2 to 3 number of ranges. And it's those assets that are in dense urban locations that we've been waiting patiently for. What we have found is that there is a number of individual retailers that are now at the table looking to take the whole box and we could either do that as a ground lease to limit our capital or we can do it as a reverse built-to-suite or just to normal PI fit out. So as we've said, we're focusing on the ones that we have visibility on. And actually that the costs on those are in the $30 to $50 a foot range, which is a very -- probably right within our sweet spot when you look at the rents that we're achieving there and the spread. So as we go through the process, we'll continue to be ready with other retailers at the table if we get the boxes back. But that's really the spread of where we see it going forward.
Chris Lucas: And then just a quick follow up on Kmart Sears. Is there anything unique or different about their operations in Puerto Rico that we should be thinking about as they go through this process?
Conor Flynn: I would just tell that they're some of the highest performers in the entire chain. Their sales are incredible there. And so as they -- as a profitable entity were reorganized and see those are ones that create a significant amount of EBITDA for them. So, that's just something to keep in mind. The other thing I should just mention on Puerto Rico is the whole Island has been deemed in opportunity zone, which for is an interesting development as we look at our portfolio down there as that may change the cap rates on the Island.
Operator: Next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Going back to your other comments about a pretty strong or stable pricing market for asset sales, I know you’ve been very consistent in your messaging that you don't want to do a lot more in 2019 in terms of dispositions. But what keep you from doing more? Is it really basically that dilution is painful and the stock market doesn't appreciate it. I know the market turn in their mentality about changing asset sales to you can do it but just don't do too much. But just curious overall, why not do more asset sales and bring down your leverage, that's little bit above 7 times to something more in line with your peers?
Conor Flynn: I mean, I think we're very confident in the portfolio with where it sits today. We're seeing strong results quarter-after-quarter in terms of the performance on the existing portfolio. But you are right. We have stated we are very excited to bring this portfolio back to recurring FFO growth here in '19. But more so than that, we just are really confident within the portfolio and think that we have a right-sized portfolio that has a strong mix of quality, core, grocery anchored centers, as well as an opportunity set for redevelopment that we really believe is unmatched. So, we're excited about the future within this portfolio.
David Jamieson: The other thing I would add is when you look at the net debt to EBITDA, it's going to naturally come down, because EBITDA growth from all of the investments that we have made and these developments and redevelopments, they are just beginning now to flow. We have $0.5 billion invested in development projects that are just now beginning to flow. So, as all that EBITDA comes on board '19 and further into '20, you will see leverage come down naturally.
Ki Bin Kim: Second question, this might be a tough one. But when you look at the applied cap rate for your internal portfolio today versus 15 months ago pre 900 million of asset sales. I know you're not going to give a cap rate for your portfolio on the call. But directionally, how has your view on the applied cap rate change over that timeframe, and has it come down 25 basis points or 50?
Conor Flynn: I think when you look at the portfolio that we have today compared to 12 months ago, the significant amount of our best asset take up a bigger percentage of our overall value. And we don't think that’s been represented within the stock price yet. But we're hopeful and we're optimistic that all the work that we've done that we've put into repositioning the portfolio, as well as the redevelopment opportunities that we have as they continue to start flowing, we'll see a narrowing of that gap. But from where we sit today, there is still clearly a big discrepancy between the private market cap rate that would be on our portfolio versus where the implied is today.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: I know you have been relying more on data and technology to help retailers understand the attractiveness of your centers. And you have said in the past you still look at 135 mile range, but now density is more of a focus and you can look geo special data to figure out a true trade area. Are there any insights you could share as to which retailers or service providers help expand the trade area? And then on the flip side, does this data help you understand the impact of competing centers and sales cannibalization?
David Jamieson: In terms of it that we actually have to draw, it's interesting when you look at, say the ethnic grocers, the aging grocers, they have a significant draw outside your traditional 135, they can pull from 15 to 20 miles away, which is pretty unique. And so, when you see them as an anchor, you keep that into consideration. As it relates to the utilization of data, we continue to be very proactive in that case and partnering with our retailers to get better understanding of how they are utilizing. And so collectively, we can have more of a joint partnership to create the best offering to the end customer, which is really, both our customer and their customer. And that’s what's most important. And with retailers such as Target and others and Walmart, I mean, how they are utilizing to draw people in on the buy online pickup in store and making more customer oriented and customer service-oriented, it's still critical for the evolution of what retail needs to be, going forward. And so you see really the winners and those that are seeing some outstanding performance, it's really a result of those efforts. So for us we see it as a critical part of our business going forward and we'll continue to work with retailers alike.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thank you very much for participating in our call today. I am available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. And I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - IR Conor Flynn - CEO Glenn Cohen - CFO Ross Cooper - President and Chief Investment Officer David Jamieson - COO Raymond Edwards - EVP of Retailer Services
Analysts: Samir Khan - Evercore ISI Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Brian Hawthorne - RBC Capital Markets Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Christy McElroy - Citi Vince Tibone - Green Street Advisors Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Kimco's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning, and thank you for joining Kimco's second quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, the President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, Kimco's CFO; David Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of the call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our Web site. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning everyone. Today I'll provide an overview of our strong second quarter performance and an update on a great progress we have made on the execution of our strategy. Ross will then report on our quarterly transaction activity and describe the overall transactional environment. Finally, Glenn will provide details on key metrics and our updated 2018 guidance. Execution continues to be our number one priority as we reposition our portfolio for the long-term growth and value creation. Our team continues to work tirelessly as we seek to improve in all aspects of our business. And our results for the quarter continue to demonstrate that our portfolio quality and value creation initiatives are working. Now, for some details; we are now over halfway through the year and the taste and strong pricing of our dispositions give us confidence that we will meet our full-year disposition range of 7 to 900 million. The vibrant private market evaluations coupled with widely-available debt financing and strong pricing for our Midwest assets continue to demonstrate the disconnect between public and private pricing. Ross will go into detail on the encouraging pricing, execution, and capital formations we have experienced recently. More importantly, as we achieve our targeted dispositions for the current year, it positions us to restart our growth as we enter 2019 with a superior portfolio, concentrated in coastal markets where we see the best opportunity for growth and redevelopment potential. And as I mentioned, our reposition portfolio is producing solid results. Leasing volume continues to be near all-time highs for the company, as our team is working diligently to create vibrant campus life settings where our shoppers want to stay for extended periods of time. Our same-site NOI outperformed this quarter due to a strong leasing volume, a slowing of new vacancies and the additional rent collected from our Toys "R" U boxes. The Toys liquidation process had been drawing out, which has given us a running start on our re-leasing efforts. These efforts have produced significant interest for major retailers and off-priced furniture, fitness, specialty grocery, and arts and crafts. To recap, we had a total of 22 Toys "R" Us leases that fall into two categories; OpCo leases and PropCo leases. Fifteen of our leases are in the OpCo entity of Toys "R" Us, and we have already resolved seven of those location with retailers taking the entire Toys "R" Us box. Our remaining eight locations at OpCo have significant tenant interests, and we are working to convert this demand into leases as quickly as possible. The second category of our Toys boxes are leases in the PropCo entity. We have seven leases in PropCo which have not yet been rejected, and the date of the auction has not yet been set. Rent continues to slow on those assets. We anticipate Q3 resolution of the PropCo entity, and have been proactive in marketing these locations. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we anticipate that the Toys liquidation will have a maximum impact of 70 to 80 basis points on our occupancy and same-site NOI, as we anticipate recapturing the majority of the boxes that have not yet gone to auction. Notwithstanding the impact, given a strong re-leasing to-date and the demand for the remaining Toys boxes we feel confident in raising our same-site NOI guidance for the year to 2% to 2.5%. Overall, we have seen demand match or exceed supply for high quality locations with retailers focusing on store growth in the top 20 markets, where populations are growing, wages are rising, and employment is increasing. Our overall strategy is focused on repositioning our portfolio to be tightly concentrated in these top 20 markets, where we believe demand will continue to be strong over the long run and provide unique opportunities for our mixed use platform. Keep in mind we are also at a 40-year low for new supply, which we don't see reversing anytime soon as land costs continue to escalate along with increases in labor and construction costs. We see the economy continuing to grow, demand from our retailers continuing to increase and the millenial generation coming into its peak spending years. These factors have generated outside demand for many of our assets, driving our occupancy level on our small shops to the highest level in the company's history at over 90%. Demand for small shops is being driven by multiple retailers expanding in the restaurant, service, health and wellness, medical and fitness categories. While our focus continues to be on execution and portfolio improvement, it is worth mentioning the two major events that occurred this year that have boosted the retail outlook for the year, and as retailers focusing on investment, both in existing store remodels and the rollout of new stores. First, tax reform has dramatically lowered the effect of tax rate for our retailers, which were paying some of the highest corporate tax rates in the country. In numerous meetings with our retail partners, they have consistently totted tax reform as a major factor in the real estate expansion plans. Second, the Supreme Court ruling in the [indiscernible] positions of sales tax on e-commerce will likely level the playing field for all retailers, regardless of channel. This ruling has effectively closed the loophole that allows pure e-commerce players to skirt state sales tax and offer the cheapest price possible on a wide assortment of goods. We believe the ruling can potentially accelerate the trend of omnichannel retailing. Turning to our signature series developments and redevelopments, they continue to mature and move closer to producing meaningful growth for the company as we approach 2019. As I mentioned, the lack of new supply, whenever a high quality project is brought to market by respected and low-capitalized developer, retailers are ready to jump at the opportunity. Our sites are substantially pre-leased creating positive leasing momentum for these rare high-quality opportunities, which are poised to deliver on time. Our Lincoln Square mixed use project in Center City Philadelphia is starting to pre-lease apartments with demand exceeding our budget. The first Sprouts Farmers Market in Philadelphia is set to open at Lincoln Square this August. And Target will soon follow. Our Pentagon Center mixed use tower called the Witmer is now topped off and will begin pre-leasing apartments in 2019. Dania Phase I is now 93% pre-leased, and it's set to open later this summer and stabilize in 2019. Our Mill Station development is now 79% pre-leased with Costco set to open in September. These signature series projects are large in scale and will deliver meaningful growth in 2019 and beyond as we unlock the embedded value of our real estate. In closing, we are pleased with the pace of our dispositions and pricing. We have taken advantage of this public, private disconnect by buying back our shares at a discount on a leveraged neutral basis. We are witnessing solid demand for our available spaces, and have made meaningful progress on a signature series development and redevelopments that will start to deliver later this year. We continue to focus on what we can control, execute on our strategy to position the portfolio to generate consistent growth supported by a strong balance sheet that will create long-term shareholder value. Ross?
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. It has certainly been a busy first-half of the year on the transaction side with our team firing on all cylinders. Second quarter sales volume continued a significant pace with the sale of 17 shopping centers for 320 million at Kim share putting us well on our way to hitting on our 2018 disposition goals of 700 million to 900 million. In fact, with 530 million Kim share of sales for the first-half of the year, we are two-thirds of the way there, and we continue to execute. Subsequent to quarter-end, we sold an additional two shopping centers for a combined 49 million at Kimco share, and currently have another 200 million plus at Kimco share either under contract or within accepted offer. We maintain our full-year guidance range for both net sales volume and cap rates. As we communicated previously, in conjunction with the initial disposition targets for the year, it was always our goal to maximize proceeds in the first-half of the year to minimize dilution in 2019. As Conor indicated, our team is dedicated to ensuring recurring FFO growth in 2019 and we fully understand how the timing of our 2018 sales impact that goal. Given the timing and pace of our sales volume in 2018, we are comfortable indicating that next year's sales will be meaningfully less than this year. Also another benefit for expediting our 2018 sales volume is that it continues to strengthen the remaining core portfolio as evidenced by our operating fundamentals. As we move through the remainder of 2018, given our continued emphasis on owning properties in dynamic growth markets, we remain focused on reducing the asset count in the Midwest, while also selectively pruning flat or low growth assets from other parts of the country. We sold our last remaining shopping center in Alabama this quarter, removing another non-core estate from our ownership map. The blended cap rate through the first half of the year was at the lower end of our expected range reflecting positively on both the quality of the centers being sold and the investor demand. Through the first half of the year, we continue to be impressed by the level of activity and the profile of those bidding on our properties. Demand for our sites remains strong with readily available debt capital at continued low interest rates. With the tenure settling around 3%, borrowing remains an attractive opportunity to maximize yield on investment for buyers. Highlighted during the recent recon in Las Vegas and continuing through today, new bidders have emerged as well as some renewed interest from previously inactive investors. And while we have seen more sincere interest from potential portfolio buyers, we continue to see the greatest execution via one-off sales, which we will remain focused on through the back half of the year. There has been no material change in valuations or investor appetite for high quality core major markets. We have seen continued strong demand for institutional quality assets with recent transaction at five caps or below in South Florida, New Jersey, Atlanta, Southern California, Washington, D.C. and elsewhere. Glenn will now provide additional detail on our financial performance for the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. Following our solid first half results, we remain confident and energized that we will meet our objectives for 2018 and position our company for growth in 2019. We are starting to realize the benefits of a high quality portfolio comprised of a strong and diverse tenant roster located primarily in the top MSAs where we see the best opportunity for growth. Occupancy is near all-time highs and new leases continue to deliver positive, double-digit spreads. Our development projects are progressing and are expected to begin contributing to our growth in 2019 and beyond. Now for some details on our second quarter results; NAREIT FFO was $0.39 per diluted share for the second quarter 2018, which includes $9.5 million or $0.02 per share net transactional income comprised primarily of $5.6 million from preferred equity profit participations and $3.6 million from an equity method distribution above our basis. NAREIT FFO per share for the second quarter last year was $0.41 and includes $0.03 per share of net transactional income mostly from the $23.7 million distribution received from our Albertsons investment.
a : Our operating portfolio continues to improve and deliver positive results. During the quarter, the operating team executed 369 leases totaling 2 million square feet and an average rent per square foot of just over $18. Our average base rent for the entire portfolio has increased 4.6% over the past year and 5.2% when you exclude our ground leases. Total occupancy is at 96%, up 50 basis points from the year ago and our anchor occupancy is at 98.1%, up 60 basis points from a year ago. Same-site, NOI growth was 3.9% for the second quarter, including 10 basis points from redevelopment. Of particular note is the fact that 80% of the same site growth came from increased minimum rent and percentage rent. For the six-month same-site NOI growth was 3.2%. In terms of the second half same site NOI growth for 2018, as Conor indicated we will be impacted by the Toys "R" Us liquidation as well as the tough year-over-year comp for the third quarter. Mitigating this impact is the widespread of 310 basis points that remains between our least and economic occupancy levels. After factoring in these items and based on our year-to-date performance, we are raising our same site NOI guidance range from 1.5% to 2% to a new range of 2% to 2.5% and believe the upper end of the increased range is achievable. Our balance sheet and liquidity position are in excellent shape. We ended the second quarter with over $300 million in cash, zero outstanding on our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility and no debt maturing for the balance of the year. We also opportunistically utilized our common share repurchase program to buy back 3.5 million shares at a weighted average price of $14.53 per share, totaling $50.8 million, representing a 10% FFO yield and a 7.7% dividend yield. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 5.1 million common shares at weighted average price of $14.73, totaling $75.1 million. Our consolidated net debt or recurring EBITDA remained at 5.7x same as the first quarter. And when you include the transactional EBITDA the metric improves to 5.5x. In addition, as a result of the progress made on the disposition program, we have elected to exercise the make-hold provision and repay early our $300 million 6.875% bond due in October 2019. This bond is our most expensive unsecured debt instrument and will be repaid in late August. We will incur a charge of approximately $13 million or $0.03 per share in the third quarter that will be included in our NAREIT FFO. With the repayment of this bond, we will have no debt maturing until 2020 and our weighted average debt maturity will be over 11 years. We remain focused on reducing net debt to EBITDA. A key driver will be the EBITDA contribution that will flow once the development projects with $530 million invested today start to come online in late 2018 and into 2019. Based on our first half performance and expectations for the balance of the year we are raising the bottom end of our NAREIT FFO per share and FFO as adjusted per share guidance range from $1.42 to $1.46 to a new range of $1.43 to $1.46. The NAREIT FFO per share range includes the net transactional income to date and the anticipated early debt prepayment charge of $0.03 in the third quarter that I previously mentioned. And with that we'd be happy to answer your questions.
David Bujnicki: We're ready to move to the Q and A portion of the call. To make the Q and A more efficient, you may ask a question with an additional follow-up. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. You may take our first caller.
Operator: We will now begin the Q&A session [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Samir Khan of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Samir Khan:
, :
Conor Flynn: Well, you're right, I did go into detail about the impact of the Toys. We'll have to see how that PropCo auction plays out still. But we feel actually very comfortable in the high end of our 2% to 2.5% range. As you've seen in our operating fundamentals that the leasing volume continues to be near all-time highs, but that is the real focus of us is continuing to look at the back half of the year and continuing to push that.
Ross Cooper: Yes, it's quiet. The other thing I'd offer is that during the third quarter of last year, we received a pretty substantial tax refund of about $1.5 million that is not there this year, on one of our sites. So that just adds to the tougher comp comparison.
Samir Khan: Okay. And I guess as a follow-up, I know you don't have an estimate or a guide for '19 yet, but it feels like with Toys paying rent a bit longer in '18, the setup going into '19 doesn't seem to be that great, so it'll be more of a headwind. So what are the things we need to think about from a tailwind perspective as we formulate our thesis for '19 here from a same-store perspective?
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, we're not going to give guidance yet. We're only halfway through 2018. But there are some positives if you look at it. We have a least-to-economic occupancy gap of 310 basis points today. And quite candidly that gap is probably going to widen a little bit as we start re-leasing some of these Toys boxes, so you're going to wind up with more leasing done there and widen that gap a little bit until it starts narrowing when those flows start coming online. Remember same site is in our case cash-base.
Conor Flynn: Yes, I would just add that of the 15 OpCo leases that we have control over, almost half of them are already PropCo [ph], so we feel really good about the momentum we have going there.
Samir Khanal: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Go ahead, sir.
Craig Schmidt: I guess just on the follow-up, if you had to speculate will Toys"R"Us be a bigger impact in 2018 or 2019?
Glenn Cohen: I would say probably have a little bit more impact potentially in '19. Because, again, where we sit today, we still have a lot of rent that's still flowing, right. I mean, really through the first six months of the year, except for four of the boxes, everything has been paid so far. And with the seven PropCo leases, those are still paying as well, so. I mean, it's going to come down to the timing of when from a same-site perspective when those flows start happening. But I think Dave maybe will add here, the prospects on leasing strong. We feel good about being able to get them leased up pretty quickly.
David Jamieson: Yes, and thanks, Glenn. As we have reiterated on past calls, the demand side for the Toys"R"Us boxes continue to be very, very strong. And as Conor referenced, we have almost half of those resolved in the OpCo entity. And we continue to pre-lease the PropCos in the case we do actually recapture some of those boxes. And we've seen excellent activity on those that we just recaptured this quarter as well. So we feel very comfortable with where we stand today in terms of the demand side of this, and see it as a positive outcome longer-term.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, don't lose sight of the fact of just how diverse our portfolio is. Although the Toys thing is clearly a headline item, again it makes up -- we're talking about 70-80 basis points of total ABR where we've already re-leased and have a sign for the boxes now the lease is coming online. So headline issue more than anything else I think.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And then just on the non same-store sales -- I mean, sorry, non same-store NOI, even if we exclude Puerto Rico it's down significantly. I just wonder what's in that bucket.
Conor Flynn: In terms of the same-site NOI, that's -- rather the NOI coming from non same-site locations, Craig?
Craig Schmidt: Yes, the non same-store NOI, and then given your footnote I subtract that out. I'm coming down with a decrease of about 41%.
Conor Flynn: Those are primarily properties that we acquired during last year, Craig. That's pretty much outside of Puerto Rico. That's really what it is driving that.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Metz of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Hey guys, good morning. As I look at the same-store detail on page nine, your recoveries have been trending higher than your actual increase in expenses. Is this simply a reflection of the higher occupancy leading to greater recoveries? And then in terms of the tenant improvement dollars it looked this is the highest it's been on a quarterly basis in a few years. So just wondering, are you having to get more today to drive leasing or this more reflective of some of the box leasing you're doing and higher overall churn you're replacing? Just some color on those trends would be great.
David Jamieson: This is Dave. So I'll take the first one and the second. So with the first one we have year-over-year the economic occupancy is higher, so you're spot-on on that, it's helped with the recovery income. We'll continue to see that trend on a go-forward basis. As it relates to the TI dollars and the contributions, in general, we haven't seen a change in deal costs. It's not as if the tenants themselves are demanding more to induce them to come into our centers. It's really driven by the population of the tenancy at any give point in time. So when you look at our operating real estate lease summary sheet, on the new lease side you'll see on this quarter it's actually around $13.10, while the trailing four quarters was about $15. So we're right in line there, actually a little bit less. On the non-Comp side it is elevated a little bit this quarter, really driven by two specific deals that were value-creation deals. If you less those out we'd be at $21 a foot, which falls below our trailing four quarters, so we're still pretty much in line with where we'd expect to be.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then maybe a question for Conor or Ray if he's on the line here, but it looks like Glass Lewis recently recommended against the Albertsons Rite Aid deal. I know it's a little early. But assuming the transaction doesn't come to fruition, how do you think about monetizing that investment going forward as it seems like that's seemingly going to -- or it was going to unlock some needed capital starting in 2019. And I guess if it doesn't happen could we maybe see you needed to ramp this position again to fund that gap?
Raymond Edwards: Hi. This is Ray. With respect to the Albertsons and Rite Aid transaction, for us, at least on the Albertsons side they are really performing really well. The last two -- they've got two straight quarters of same-store comp growth. This last quarter they beat the EBITDA with $44 million above last year's. And they're really trending very well. So to the extent that if Rite Aid shareholders don't approve the transaction, I think we're very well suited for the company going forward to take other opportunities. You saw today the transaction with SUPERVALU. There's been a lot of consolidation in the grocery business on the wholesale side. But I think there's a lot of opportunities going forward for Albertsons, and we'll just keep our head down and keep making money on that end and work it out as you go forward. But I think Glenn also wants to talk about the capital part.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, from the capital standpoint again, as I've mentioned several times already, there's nothing in our numbers for '18 or '19 as it relates to Albertsons. We remain completely focused on execution around the portfolio, our dispositions, the balance sheet management, our developments, our redevelopments. When and if Albertsons happens it'll be a positive for us, but there's nothing baked into our numbers for it. And as I mentioned, we have no debt maturities and enormous amounts of liquidity at this standpoint. So we are very comfortable with our capital position.
Raymond Edwards: And our disposition plan for '19 will not be impacted one way or the other, so that wouldn't impact our desire or need to ramp up dispos in '19.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Mr. Brian Hawthorne of RBC. Please go ahead.
Brian Hawthorne: Hi. My first question is, so conceptually when you look at the increase in shop occupancy, can you kind of frame it up for us as what's really driven that. Is that from increased leasing or more is that just from dispositions?
David Jamieson: No, I'd say -- this is Dave. The higher quality portfolio is clearly starting to showcase its benefits. The higher occupancy it's driven by accelerated lease up of the vacancies. Those vacancies are typically vacant less time as opposed to those sites that we've sold in the past. In addition, our retention rates are higher as well, so that's obviously a big contributor to maintaining an increase in your occupancy quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. So that's where we see a massive improvement in terms of our occupancy rates.
Ross Cooper: Yes, in fact the dispositions through the first-half of the year averaged 96% occupancy. So the assets that we're selling are actually primarily stabilized.
David Jamieson: You really see the boost coming from the growing economy. And the small shops are really driven by either local entrepreneurs, franchisees. And that's really where the -- and then also we've seen a big boost from medical, from fitness, from health and wellness, from service, and from restaurants. And so those areas of the economy are booming and they continue to really drive the occupancy growth in our small shops.
Brian Hawthorne: Okay. And then the other one, when you look at your watch list have you seen the shift mix from -- in terms of like the anchor versus shop split?
Ross Cooper: I don't think the mix [technical difficulty] all that much. The mix has always been a focus on retailers that have gotten themselves in a bit of trouble, whether it's through over-leveraged or a distressed business plan. So that really hasn't changed the shift or the mix of the watch list.
Q – Brian Hawthorne: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Alex Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning out there. Just few questions, first, just going back to the Albertsons, on last call you guys said that you expected to vote in July, now the vote is in August, Glenn, you'd been pretty clear that there's a lot of capital that's going to come out of monetizing Albertsons that's non-dilutive because you're not booking any income against it. So it does seem like monetizing Albertsons is critical to you guys de-leveraging and getting on your run rate especially when we look at dividend coverage which is pretty tight and the sales this year mean that you're going to have to increase it despite the very tight coverage. So if you could just walk through, it just seem to Jeremy's question, it wasn't maybe I suppose would have liked but just if Albertsons doesn't happen, how do you plan to de-lever in a non-dilutive way or should we assume that in our modeling that if this doesn't happen that there will be dilution and just a little bit more from Ray on why the vote was pushed from July to August sounds like Albertsons doesn't have the votes to win.
Glenn Cohen: Okay, so couple of things. First, as it relates to leverage, again there's nothing in our numbers for 2019 and our leverage is going to naturally come down because we have all these developments and redevelopments that are going to start flowing and producing further EBITDA. Now the reality is if Albertsons doesn't happen, it does happen and it monetizes, the leverage comes down that much quicker. To your point, we're not booking any income and we would have this inflow of cash but we have not based our forecasts on that happening. So we're not really concerned about it, leverage will naturally come down over time. It accelerates in the event that monetization happens.
Conor Flynn: Alex, we feel very comfortable with our capital plan to fund everything we're looking to do in 2019 with the plan we have in place with no Albertsons monetization whatsoever because the EBITDA will come online, it will improve the dividend coverage not the way we're running the business. We're focused on running the business not having a investment that we don't control the monetization of impacting that.
Alexander Goldfarb: Is the read on the vote has not changed?
Raymond Edwards: Yes, I mean -- this is Ray, I mean the reason for the timing of doing perspective, it isn't really procedurally, they have to get your approval on the final okay from the SEC of what they will file the S-4, they had to negotiate that. It took a couple of weeks long than they thought and they felt instead of giving 30 days get like 40 odd days for the vote to happen. It's just the decision they made, they really think middle July or early August kind of rounding and timing, it was nothing else than that.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then just as a second question, everyone's favorite topic FASB accounting, Glenn have you guys have an estimate for what the change in internal lease accounting is going to impact your 2019 numbers?
Glenn Cohen: We do, I mean our initial estimate based on what we've done is it will impact it by about $0.02 to $0.03 somewhere between $8 million and $11 million. So that will be -- that's got to be taken into account as you're doing guidance numbers for 2019.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy: Hey, good morning everyone. Just a follow-up on the discussion around the second half, same-store trajectory there was a lot of talk about the Toys impact but just as it relates to the leases that have been executed but yet to commence, I think you had previously talked about $15 million of rent commencing in second half, can you maybe provide an update on that number and in terms of like timing, is that weighted more to Q4 as we think about the same-store trajectory going from Q3 which sounds like there's going to be a more significant deceleration to Q4 which is maybe more muted?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I would say that the third quarter would be our low point in terms of quarterly same-site NOI growth and you'll see start picking up again in the fourth quarter and again we raised our guidance. So we're comfortable at that 2% to 2.5% range and that we are comfortable that we will get towards the upper end of that range as well.
Christy McElroy: Great, so just an update on the $15 million; is that still generally within the range or is it higher?
Conor Flynn: Yes, Christy, that's still…
Glenn Cohen: It's still within the range but it will be more weighted towards the fourth quarter.
Christy McElroy: Okay, okay, perfect. And then, Ross, just how should we think about that accelerated pace of disposition and what sounds like, what you talked about a decent transaction market conditions in terms of where you expect to fall on the full year range, which it remains pretty wide at this point recognizing your comments that 2019 volume will fall off but obviously the difference between an incremental $150 million from here versus $350 million in second half has pretty meaningful implications for how we're thinking about further dilution in 2019. Maybe you could give us a little bit more of a precise, more precision in terms of where you expect to fall in the range?
Ross Cooper: Sure. It was always the team's goal to push as much of the dispositions to the first half of the year as possible. So we're very pleased with that, I think you will see a little bit of a slowdown in Q3 in terms of total volume certainly compared to Q2 but to your point given where we are and that the pace and the execution, we would expect that at a minimum will be at the midpoint and probably towards the upper end of that range by the end of the year.
Christy McElroy: Okay, that's helpful, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Vince Tibone of Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Vince Tibone: Good morning. For the seven Toys boxes that have been resolved, when do you expect those leases to commence and do you expect the time to backfill Toys or how will the time to backfill Toys compare to the time it took to backfill Sports Authority in your mind?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. With the first, the first question as it relates to the seven, we had four that were signed this last quarter so there's obviously no doubt having rent there, resumed immediately and so that resolves, as it relates to two that release, we'd expect to start flowing towards the back half of end of 2018 into 2019 and we did sell one within the quarter as well. So that was, that totals up to your seven, as it relates to the balance, we've always stated, we expect them all get resolved within the next 18 to 24 months.
Vince Tibone: Okay, that's helpful. The four that were assumed, how does that number maybe compared to what you were expecting at the beginning of liquidation process, I know some are still outstanding or still in the process but I'm just curious compared to your expectations?
Glenn Cohen: That results a better than our original assumption expectations.
Vince Tibone: Okay, great. And then one more for me, can you quantify how much the switch from variable to fix cam this year has impacted the same-store in the first half and I think you have said it was an incremental boost in the first quarter, so that is the same in the second quarter and this is going to be kind of a headwind slightly in the second half, just given the comps?
Glenn Cohen: It probably helps us 20, 30 basis points at the beginning part of the year but I think it's going to all balance out when we're all set and done. So again we remain comfortable with the guidance range that we've put out.
Vince Tibone: Okay, thank you, that' all I have.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yes, hi. Just a quick one here, how much of the 50 basis points same-store NOI increase is coming from the slower unwind of Toys?
Conor Flynn: I have to break it out.
Glenn Cohen: It's probably not a lot Mike. To be honest, I mean it really was happening as rent commencements are a key driver for us in the same-site growth because again like cash bit. So the rents are really starting to flow and you see that of the 3.8% same-site growth for the quarter, 3% of it or 80% of the number is really coming from the minimum rent law. So that's more of the driver, I mean the Toys "R" Us has modest impact at this point, it's more of the back half that's in there.
Michael Mueller: Okay, that was it, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Q – Rich Hill: Hey, good morning guys. Just want to spend a little bit of time on CapEx and get your opinion from how we're supposed to be thinking about it, it looks like quarter-over-quarter had increased and I recognized that can be pretty noisy, it doesn't look like it's that far off from where it was the year-end 12/31/17 but you've also sort of obviously you had done a good job in reducing the size of your portfolio, so I'm curious how we should be thinking about CapEx going forward and if you're seeing any changes in sort of your mix of CapEx spend between end line and Big Box or there have your CapEx spend per square foot increasing, anything that you can give us color on that, that would be really helpful?
Conor Flynn: Sure. Similar I referenced earlier is that on our page in terms of new lease fields and cost associated with those is really inductive of what's in the population on a quarter-over-quarter basis, so it will vary as a result of that in this quarter for example we executed more anchor releases them prior quarter, so you'll see an elevation in terms of number of deals and GLA executed compared to Q1 which will have an impact on the numbers as well but as I reference in the non-comp new leases it is elevated at $36 this quarter driven by specific deals, you strip those out and you back to $21 which is in line with trailing four, actually slightly below that. So on a go forward basis, we continue to see our deal cost remaining pretty much where they been historically.
Glenn Cohen: I would just add that. The demand for the Toy boxes we've been pleasantly surprised that they're being back filled by a single user, so when you look at the CapEx net effective rents it does benefit and accelerate the RCBs the recommends the days when you have a single user battling that box and so for the first round of leases that we've done they've single users coming out of those boxes which is a nice benefit to see.
Rich Hill: Got it. Okay, that's it for me. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Kim of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Hey, thanks. This is Ki Bin. Going back to these accounting questions, I thought I was in under the impression that you guys might change the way you comment faith your leasing agents in order to not be really impacted by this ASU for two. And so it sounds like there was a change?
Conor Flynn: No, we have modified it somewhat that will be able to continue to capitalize some of those costs but they're other cost that are much part of the capital is a lot of legal costs that we're able to capitalists is that you won't be able to under the lease accounting and you can have less all of the costs that we have today so in total I mean again we're primarily a very internal leasing organization again as I mentioned I think there is an $8 million to $11 million impact in total for the year.
Glenn Cohen: We did try to get out of it and change our compensation plan to address it but there're obviously things that going to pointed out that it doesn't capture just the leasing side of it.
Ki Bin Kim: Right, so it didn't change the compensation plan. It would have been maybe like $5 million higher is that was the delta?
Conor Flynn: Yes, I mean he would have been much higher followed by another $0.02 or $0.03.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just going back to your asset sales, obviously have made some pretty good progress the first half, can you give us a sense about the occupancy rates ABR and the account overall quality of what you sold so far and they cap rates as well?
Conor Flynn: Sure. Yes, the occupancy was average out right at 96%, so they're primarily stabilized assets as it was previously mentioned I mean there's good quality assets there outside of markets that we view as long-term growth markets for us and may not have the redevelopment or value add potential that our coastal portfolio, our portfolio in Texas and a couple of other select markets have which is why we've ultimately decided to exit those but that the quality is fine and tenancy is stable in many cases good credit, so the demand has been there. The better pools have been relatively deep more so than we saw in 2017 AV is sort of right around or slightly below the average of the remainder of the portfolio so you're seeing a slight uptick based upon the dispositions in the go forward portfolio but overall within the portfolio there were there's no real distress remaining even the disposition that we're selling are well stabilized solid assets.
Ki Bin Kim: And the cap rate was?
Conor Flynn: Yes, so the cap rate to the first half we're is still on the low end of that 7.5% to 8% range and we continue to see that at the low to mid point of cap rate range going forward.
Ki Bin Kim: Right, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, good morning. Glenn, I guess a couple for you. One I guess you heard to the gap between the lease and occupied space looks like about 310 basis points which is very similar to what it was at this point last year, so I'm curious how much of the closing of that gap is implied in your outlook for same side of NOI the back half of the year and how would you describe your overall leasing conversation the process and finding that the tends occupied diminishing and asked especially because last year at this time again we're expecting that gap between the physical and the least a tailwind to materialize but it took a bit longer?
Glenn Cohen: Well, again the gap is widening primarily because the toys are up liquidation, so you have the good news is that we've least the boxes. The bad news at the moment is that with the rents not flowing for same site purposes, so you have is winding that's occurred. The gap will probably stay this wide during the second half of the year because as we go into the third quarter, you're going to have more leases that move more toys boxes that came back us in the third quarter and then it's a matter of the lease up that's going to go with it, so the more leasing that actually gets done but why do that gap is going to be until we test thoughts flowing.
Conor Flynn: Which set this up for 2019 to have to be a strong.
Glenn Cohen: Correct. And then on your second part I'm going to turn it over to David terms of the timing on the leases getting done with the tenants.
David Jamieson: Yes, in terms of the choice, we're going to see and generally I think that timely leases has maintain itself historically as what we've seen with choice 18 to 24 months as it relates to the other anchor leases, we continue to see between a leasing an executed an opening on the sat around 10 months.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Okay. And then, Glenn, and just follow up on one more the -- curious on your appetite for stock buyback here given your recent run the stock here over 2017 you're buying your David Price below 15 assuming the stock price holds here curious how you thinking about allocating those incremental business and proceed beyond your normal reed of?
Glenn Cohen: Again the primary focus for us is to continue to improve overall net debt to EBITDA. We were very opportunistic buying the stock back at under $15 a share as I mentioned 10% FFO yields, 77 dividend yields, so we'll watch what cost of the capital is. Again, we also just announced that we're going to pay off our $300 million dollars bond, so we're going to use cash to help bring those debt levels down, so it's really washing with quite a bit of capital is to where that stock prices and then trying to do best capital allocation as we see fit.
Conor Flynn: There were still trading at a sizeable discount to net asset value, so it obviously still is a piece of the capital allocation plan that we have, now we have plenty of opportunity to utilize that.
Haendel St. Juste: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi, the 115 credit losses you forecasted for 2019 how much of you you've used on a year-to-date basis?
Glenn Cohen: We've used probably that half of it so far then in the balance of the probably good use we go to the rest of the toy boxes, so we still feel comfortable that we are credible levels off of the year are really the appropriate level.
Linda Tsai: And then in the centers where Toys went dark, did it create any potency issues in terms of other retailers leaving?
Glenn Cohen: Not really, no.
Linda Tsai: Okay. And then just any update on Puerto Rico, I think Puerto Rico is in the same property numbers right now and is going to have a beneficial impact when it reenters the pool in 2019?
Glenn Cohen: Well, it's not actually going to reenter the pool in 2019 we removed it, so we can keep focused on the continental U.S. is the same site pool and if you look at our same site pool is probably the largest most complete fool of pretty much anyone there's only an asset in total that are not in the same cycle today several of those are Puerto Rico assets but in terms of operations Puerto Rico has performed pretty well. Our occupancy level is back to where it was prior to the hurricane. The guys and our team have done a tremendous job getting the properties back in shape and we've actually benefited from the fact that we actually had capital and people on the ground to repair those properties quickly where some of the other retail property owners really just didn't have the access to the capital or the really the product kind of fits their properties up, so we've really been able to benefit from some further lease up.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating on our call today. I'm available to answer any follow-up questions you may have, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Conor Flynn - Chief Executive Officer Glenn Cohen - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ross Cooper - President and Chief Investment Officer David Jamieson - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer David Bujnicki - SVP, IR and Strategy
Analysts: Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Christy McElroy - Citi Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Nicholas Yulico - UBS Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Samir Khanal - Evercore ISI Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Hong Zhang - JPMorgan Linda Tsai - Barclays
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Kimco’s First Quarter 2018 Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco's first quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, Kimco’s CFO; David Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team that are present and available to answer questions during the course of this call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of the call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements, due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in the Investor Relations area of our website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning everyone. Today I’ll provide a high level overview of our first quarter 2018 performance. Ross will then report on our transaction activity for the quarter and share his views on market trends and conditions. Finally, Glenn will provide details and color on key metrics and our 2018 outlook.  2018 is the year of execution for our team here at Kimco. More specifically, we are focused on four major initiatives to help position the company for 2019 and beyond. First, execute on our disposition plan. Our disposition plan is designed to improve the quality of our portfolio, fund our developments and redevelopments, and reduce debt.  Despite concerns that continues to surround retail real estate, we are enthused about the volume, pace and pricing of our sales. And while the equity markets continue to wrestle in valuations for retail real estate, the debt markets remain wide open to finance open air shopping centers due to the strong credit tenants that are performing well in the changing environment.  While Ross will go into more detail on the dispositions and market conditions generally, I think it is worth noting here that even while we are funding projects to provide no current yields and reducing debt at rates lower than the average disposition cap rates, despite this dilutive activity, we are still producing solid results and we think earnings growth is balance sheet strength.  Second, notwithstanding our record-setting leasing year in 2017, we expect to further improve upon our leasing volume this year and are off to a strong start. Our leasing volume is almost exactly where we were at this point last year, and for the first time in over ten years, our sequential occupancy in the first quarter improved and now sits at 96.1%.  Occupancy for our anchor boxes increased slightly to 98.3% and we maintain small shops at 89.6%. This is quite a feat for the first quarter which historically experiences elevated seasonal store closures and bankruptcies and is another indication of the healthy demand for our core markets for high quality open air shopping centers.  In terms of our leasing spreads for the quarter, new leasing spreads came in at 15.6% and renewals and options at 7.3% for a combined 8.1%. Our leasing efforts resulted in same-site NOI of 2.6%, which is our 32nd consecutive quarter of positive growth. The portfolio continues to dramatically improve as our average base rents is up 19% to $15.69 from $13.18 in just four years.  Third, continue to deliver on our development and redevelopment pipeline to create high-quality high-growth assets. Tenants at Grand Parkway Phases I and II are now open and operating and generating above average sales for our best-in-class retailers.  We are pleased to announce that Dania Phase I is now anchored by a Lucky specialty grocer to fill out a great line of retailers set to open this summer. Dania Phase I is currently 93% pre-leased.  As we have said on numerous occasions, real estate is about location and this area of Fort Lauderdale is tracking as one of the fastest growth areas across the United States. Lincoln Square, our mixed use project in Philadelphia Center City is now pre-leasing apartments and we are excited to announce that Sprouts Farmers Market will anchor that project by retrofitting the historic train station on the site.  Our signature series projects are making tremendous progress as we continue to unlock the embedded value of our real estate allowing them to become major growth contributors for Kimco going forward.  Fourth, further improve the balance sheet to enable us to reposition our portfolio for the future and provide safety for a steady and reliable dividend. We ended the first quarter with consolidated net debt-to-recurring EBITDA at 5.7 times and only $8 million outstanding on our $2.25 billion unsecured line of credit.  While we are proud to be only one of a dozen in Triple B Plus or BAA1 rated REITs, we continue to seek opportunities to improve upon this rating. We recognize there are some challenges ahead as we move to execute on these initiatives and are confident that we’ll prepare to meet them head on.  For example, our 22 Toys "R" Us locations which represent 90 basis points of our total annual base rents and a 130 basis points of occupancy are already seeing significant demand from our list of growing retailers that are in search of high-quality locations.  In addition to the thriving categories of off-price, health and wellness, specialty grocer, home improvement, furniture, arts and crafts and entertainment, we have started to see new demand coming from co-working facilities, hospitality groups, and medical facilities. The quality of our centers creates future opportunities to reposition or reinvest them for the highest and best use to drive long-term shareholder value.  In conclusion, our team remains both motivated and focused to reach and exceed our goals. Our high-quality coastal related portfolio combined with the strength of our platform will generate significant long-term shareholder value through numerous levers of NOI growth and a stable and safe dividend.  And now, I will turn it over to Ross. 
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. We are extremely pleased with our first quarter transaction activity as outlined in the related press release earlier this month. With the sale of 21 shopping centers or $210 million of Kim share, we continue to execute on our 2018 disposition goals and are well on our way to hitting our target of $800 million at the midpoint.  In line with our continued focus on owning a coast related portfolio, a majority of the properties sold were located in the Midwest. The blended cap rate was at the low-end of our expected range reflecting positively on both the quality of the centers being sold and the investor demand. Through the first four months of the year, we are impressed by the level of activity and the profile of those bidding on our properties.  Demand for our sites is being driven by the combination of cap rates in the mid to high seven range, coupled with readily available debt capital at continued low interest rates resulting in compelling returns for the investor. On average, we are receiving five to six bids per property compared to an average of three to four in 2017.  Indeed, new capital formations have emerged to take advantage of the opportunistic yields that can be achieved. Additionally, we are seeing pass buyers who have been sidelined in recent years reemerge after being priced out of the market. Other buyers include private regional operators with strong track records, partnering with institutional and private equity capital with significant liquidity and a desire to own retail. While supply of centers on the market has ticked up, in our experience so far this year, the demand has met the supply and we don’t envision this dynamic changing. Within our specific portfolio, we have sold to private operators, private equity, 1031 exchange buyers and private REITs. All has been active given the strength and stability of the cash flows we are selling coupled with debt capital to match at historically wide spreads.  We currently have another $500 million plus under contracts with an accepted offer and maintain our full year guidance range for both net sales volume and cap rates. We continue to see within core major markets; there is no shortage of demand for institutional quality assets with prices continuing to achieve historically low cap rates.  Given our anticipated spend on the development and redevelopment program, coupled with our focus on improving debt metrics; we maintain our disciplined strategy of passing on new acquisition opportunities in the short-term.  Bottom-line however, is that retail real estate is in demand. Glenn will now provide additional color and insight on our financial performance for this quarter. 
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. 2018 is off to a strong start as evidenced by the level of leasing activity, same-site NOI growth and the execution of our disposition plan. In addition, solid progress has been made on our development and redevelopment projects which will further fuel our growth in 2019 and beyond.  Now for some color on the first quarter results. NAREIT FFO was $0.3 per diluted share for the first quarter 2018 as compared to $0.37 per diluted share for the first quarter last year. The current quarter includes $7 million of transactional income comprised primarily of $4.2 million forgiveness of debt, $4.7 million of profit participations from the disposition of certain preferred equity investments, as well as $1.5 million of unrealized losses related to our marketable security portfolio.  The latter charge results from the adoption of new FASB guidance on financial instruments for acquiring unrealized gains and losses from marketable securities to be included in the income statement instead of the equity section of the balance sheet.  Also during the first quarter, we reclassified personnel cost directly related to property management and property operations from G&A to the operating and maintenance account in the income statement. We believe this change provide a better comparability to our peers and old periods have been adjusted to reflect the change which had no impact on reported net income, FFO, or FFO as adjusted.  In terms of FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO, which excludes non-operating impairments and transactional income and expense, first quarter 2018 came in at $157.8 million, compared to $155.8 million last year with $0.37 per diluted share in each quarter.  2018 first quarter results include increased consolidated NOI contribution of $6.6 million resulting from higher minimum rent and recovery rates attributable to greater occupancy from a year ago. Offsetting this increase was higher financing cost primarily attributable to the larger level of preferred stock outstanding as compared to a year ago.  As Conor mentioned earlier, the operating portfolio delivered solid occupancy growth, positive leasing spreads, and same-site NOI growth. Same-site NOI growth excluding redevelopments was 2.6% for the first quarter 2018 compared to a comp of 2.1% last year. This was substantially driven by minimum rent increases contributing 240 basis points, improved – tax recoveries adding 60 basis points and offset by lower percentage rent of 30 basis points and higher credit loss of 10 basis points.  Our first quarter same-site results well outperformed the 1.25% level we initially guided to. This is attributable to several positive factors including a lower level of vacates than budgeted, no leases rejected from the Toys "R" Us bankruptcy during the first quarter, and the timing related to certain dispositions.  As a result, we are raising the low end of our full year same-site NOI guidance range from 1.25% to 2% to 1.5% to 2%. On the balance sheet front, we paid off $173 million of non-recourse mortgage debt during the quarter ending the period with liquidity in excess of $2.4 billion. We had minimal debt maturities through 2020 and our weighted average debt maturity profile stands at 10.7 years one of the longest in the REIT industry.  During the first quarter, we repurchased 1.6 million shares at an average price of $15.17 totaling $24.3 million under the company’s common share repurchase program. And as previously announced, the underwriters exercised their overallotment option in January 2018 on our Series M 5.25% preferred originally issued in December 2017 providing us additional proceeds of $33.4 million.  Consolidated net debt-to-recurring EBITDA improved to 5.7 times from the 5.9 times level at year end and six times a year ago. On a look through basis including our pro rata share of JVs and preferred stock outstanding, net debt-to-recurring EBITDA was 7.2 times. Our objectives are to reduce consolidated net debt-to-recurring EBITDA to 5.5 times and on a look through basis to 6.5 times by 2020.  A key driver to this will be the EBITDA contribution expected to come from our signature series development projects, which are at varying stages of completion with $465 million invested to-date. We are extremely pleased with the construction and leasing progress made during the first quarter. Grand Parkway Phase II, Dania Phase I, Lincoln Square and Mill Station remain on track to begin cash flowing in the latter part of 2018 and be significant contributors to 2019 growth.  Regarding guidance, we are reaffirming our NAREIT FFO per share and FFO as adjusted per share guidance range of $1.42 to $1.46. The key to our success is continued execution. We remain confident we will deliver and with that we’d be happy to answer your questions. 
David Bujnicki: Ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call, to make it more efficient, we ask that you may ask a question with one additional follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Natalia, you could take our first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
David Bujnicki: You can take Jeremy please, I guess, he is the first on the queue. Natalia? Hey Jeremy, are you there?
Jeremy Metz : Hello, can you guys hear me?
David Bujnicki: Yes, we can hear you.
Jeremy Metz : Yes, thanks and good morning guys. So, in terms of the Toys, you have the 22 boxes here. I think last call you were talking about kind of seeing where that process shook out. It didn’t necessarily sound like you are assuming all went dark this year.  So just given the outcome here, I was wondering if you could talk about how much room this leaves you in terms of your bad debt and closing reserves, for additional closures from this point and then also if you can talk about what the mark-to-market is today on those boxes?
Glenn Cohen: Sure, it’s Glenn. Hi, Jeremy. In terms of where our bad debt reserves are, we’d remain comfortable that our 100 basis points of credit loss that we have budgeted for in our guidance is enough to support 2018 as it relates to Toys "R" Us. Again, keep in mind where we are. They have paid rents in full for all sites through April so far.  There are four sites I believe that have been rejected and those stores are closed. And we haven’t gotten rejection notices on the balance of them. Now we’ve budgeted that many of them will close in the second half of the year, but we can remain very comfortable where we are that our guidance incorporates that closure. 
David Jamieson: And then Jeremy, this is Dave Jamieson. Just as it relates to the mark-to-market, we are seeing this as the mid-double-digits in terms of a positive comp for a spread amongst the 22. And just to clarify, the closures we have budgeted most of them to go vacant in Q2 and in terms of the level of activity that we’ve been seeing on all these boxes, it’s significant and we have leases out for several already. LOIs working on the balance of the locations. So, as Conor mentioned in his script we feel very optimistic about the opportunities here.
Jeremy Metz : Appreciate that color. And then, Conor, just one for you in terms of the buyback. You did a modest amount here in the first quarter. The stock has clearly been under pressure. So, I am assuming it remains an attractive capital allocation option today as well. But you still have a lot of developments you marked for ht year, so with that in mind, should we expect buybacks should remain rather minor, at least in the near-term given your current spending needs?
Conor Flynn: Well, you are right. We do think it’s in a compelling option for us where we sit today. We are getting further along with our dispositions and that’s really what we have earmarked to match fund our redevelopments and developments. We’ve seen nice, as Ross covered in his remarks, we have seen nice execution there and continue to see more sales closing weekly.  So, as we look forward, we get more comfortable with the 5.25 that we’ve earmarked for our redevelopment and development this year. And then look at our cost of capital, look at where our shares are trading, and continue to think that buying back of the shares is a compelling option for us. 
Jeremy Metz : Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust Robinson. 
Ki Bin Kim : Thanks, good morning everyone. Going back to the disposition topic, it looks like you’ve made a lot of progress already early in the year. And I know dilution is painful and you don’t have much debt maturing, but what are the factors that are kind of stopping you from doing maybe more later in the year or next year? 
Conor Flynn: Well, I think that we are constantly evaluating our portfolio. We – as Conor mentioned, the 5.25 is first and foremost the priority in terms of spend – for the redevelopments and developments. We do want to continue to delever where we can notwithstanding the fact that there is not a whole lot as that matures in the near-term.  But we are going to continue to execute on the plan. We have a lot in the market today. Not everything will close. We have other deals that are awaiting some lease up or options to be exercised before they’ll be introduced to the market.  So, we do expect there will be some new assets that are now in the market currently that will be brought to the market in the latter part of the year, some of which may trickle over to the beginning of next year. But we are very focused on completing our dispositions for this year and then determining where we sit as to the latter part of this year as we look into 2019. 
Ki Bin Kim : Okay. And, maybe a question for Glenn, if I remember correctly your lease spread definition comp floor spaces that are – that hasn’t vacant for under a year. Is that correct? And if you have any additional color on, if you made that definition more inclusive of maybe two years or longer, how would your lease spreads look like?
Glenn Cohen: We have not changed the definition of our lease spreads and it’s been 16 months for – like ever.
Ki Bin Kim : Okay.
Glenn Cohen: So no change,- we don’t change. 
Ki Bin Kim : Basically – yes, or four quarters? 
Glenn Cohen: It’s right, okay. In four full quarters. 
Ki Bin Kim : And then, but if you made that definition a little bit longer for spaces on maybe not two years or so, would that make any kind of material difference on your lease spreads?
Glenn Cohen: No, not necessarily. I mean, I think what lease spreads is, I think we’ve communicated in the past as well, it is lumpy. It’s about the population that under renewal or seems time in any given quarter. So you always have to keep that into consideration, but when you look at the historic trend and where we see going forward, we are pretty much right on track as that gets customary practice from what we’ve seen of our peers to utilize the four quarters or 12 months. 
Ki Bin Kim : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. 
Christy McElroy : Hi, good morning everyone. Just going back to the same-store NOI growth, just it sounds like this is the higher Q1 number versus what you are expecting was occupancy-driven. Maybe with the Toys closures and everything happening in terms of commencement versus the vacancies that you are expecting.  Maybe you can kind of walk us through the same-store trajectory for the rest of 2018 and then, with the Toys boxes, kind of vacating mid-year and recognizing that it’s in your 2018 guidance, but how should we be thinking about sort of that growth rate heading into 2019 given that Toys has a much greater impact on next year?
Conor Flynn: So, at least, in terms of the current projection, again, we raised the lower end of our guidance from 1.25% to 1.5% with a full range of 1.5% to 2%. We still remain comfortable at the high-end of that range even with the impact of Toys "R" Us. Again, it’s going to be impacted on the latter part of the year and if you look at really even the first quarter, the key driver which is very encouraging for all of us, the key driver was minimum rent increases.  I mean, the bulk of the increase, 240 basis points is coming from minimum rents coming online. A lot of the lease ups and the leasing we’ve done over the last year is now starting to flow, right. Cash – same-site NOI, cash base for us the way we are doing it. So you are getting starting to get all the flows from many of these TSA boxes and other boxes that we are baking that are coming on.  Now we still have an economic occupancy versus leap occupancy gap of 260 basis points. It’s narrowed only 10 basis points. As the Toys boxes start to vacate, that gap could widen again, but there is a lot of opportunity for that gap to narrow over time. So, again, we remain very comfortable with where we are with 2018. The impact on 2019, it’s a little early to tell you.  We really need a little bit more time to see what’s really going to happen with all of these Toys boxes. Again, we don’t have rejection notices on the rest of them yet. Some of our boxes were in the – which also filed for bankruptcy recently. But they are trying to sell a lot of those leases. So, I mean it’s possible some of these leases get bought by someone else and new tenant just continues on with no gap. So, it’s too early to really tell how much is going to happen in 2019, we’ll get there. 
Christy McElroy : Okay. And then, just, Ross, you had talked about, in terms of buyer demand, more bidders out there, financing markets wide open. One of your peers this morning, which is primarily selling assets on the West Coast and buying talked about fewer bidders out there and financing less available. Do you think that that’s geographic in terms of the differential in what you are seeing based on what you are selling versus other areas of the country or by asset type? What do you think the differential is there?
Ross Cooper: Yes, I don’t think it’s geographic as we are selling assets nationally even though the majority have been in the central region this quarter. When we look at the assets that we are selling, I mean, we really position them to be put on the market at a point in time where we think that they are extremely attractive to investors.  We just closed yesterday actually on a large power center in Springfield Missouri that was north of $50 million and we had a substantial amount of bidders beyond the 5 to 6 that I mentioned on average. So, I think for the right products, in the right market with good credit tenants that’s financeable. We’ve seen a lot of interest in those assets.  So, clearly with the number of assets we have, some are more attractive than others, but we are executing on a large percentage of those that we are marketing and we don’t see that trend slowing down. 
Christy McElroy : All right. Thanks for the color. 
Ross Cooper: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Rich Hill : Hey, good morning guys. I want to just dig into G&A a little bit. I recognize that you sold assets over quarter-over-quarter and look like you have some pretty good velocity there. But it look like maybe G&A came down $10 million 1Q 2018, versus 4Q 2017. Bigger number than maybe what we are expecting. Anything to that or any way we should think about that?
Glenn Cohen: Sure, Rich. It’s Glenn. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we reclassified personnel cost, specifically related to property management and operations from G&A into the O&M line. And if you look at the change in the guidance, the G&A guidance, it’s about $32 million less from where we first put it out after we do this reclass.  So, G&A is a little bit lower, but the bulk of it really is a reclass from G&A to O&M, about $8 million and you will see that consistently. Also, as I mentioned, all of the periods previously have booked and adjusted. So you can have an apples-to-apples mix.
Rich Hill : Got it. That’s helpful. And then just, one thing coming back to the same-store NOI guide, obviously, a really impressive 2.6% this quarter. Am I thinking about this correctly that if you look at the midpoint for your revised guide of 1.75.  Then that implies that you are going to be about less than 1.5 for the rest of the year and is that really just reflective of – sort of maybe some timing in Toys "R" Us and while 1Q was a little bit better, the rest of the quarters might be some headwinds as you do get those stores back? Or how should we think about the velocity of that same-store NOI for the rest of the year?
Conor Flynn: Well, as I mentioned earlier, we are comfortable towards the upper-end of our guidance range. We remain there. We want to play it out a little bit. Again, it’s very hard to really forecast the total impact on 2018 for Toys "R" Us, because we just don’t know how many we are going to get back. So, midpoint of the guidance overall, we’d get 1.75. But as I mentioned, we still remain comfortable with the higher-end of our current guidance range. 
Rich Hill : Got it. Thank you for clarity. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nikki Yulico with UBS.
Nicholas Yulico: Thanks. I guess, just on Albertsons. How should we think about, if Albertsons, the Rite Aid merger doesn’t go through, how does that affect your thinking in terms of the need for more asset sales to help fund development and redevelopment in 2019?
Glenn Cohen: It really doesn’t impact us. I mean, the models that we are using internally had not modeled anything in for Albertsons. So, if and when, and we hope it’s when, it happens, that’s just going to be upside for us and provide us enormous amounts of optionality in terms of where our cost of capital is at that point to figure out the best way to deploy the capital that is earning zero today. 
Nicholas Yulico : Okay. And just one other question going back to the guidance recognizing the bump at the low-end to same-store NOI wasn’t a huge change. How come there was no benefit though to FFO guidance?
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, it’s early – and it’s really early in the year. We just put out our guidance in February. We want to again still see how Toys "R" Us plays out and we think, we better up leaving our guidance where it is for another quarter and then we’ll see where we are at the end of the second quarter. 
Nicholas Yulico : Okay. Thank you. Appreciate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. 
Craig Schmidt : Thank you. I just wonder of the assets sold and those under contract, what percent of the dispositions will be from the Midwest?
Conor Flynn: Yes, we’ll continue to see a majority of the dispositions coming from the Midwest. We’ll continue to prune assets out of other regions throughout the country. But we are very much focused on reducing the exposure in the central part of the country and ensuring that the coast become a more prevalent part of the portfolio.  So, we actually have an asset that’s set to close tomorrow, a power center in Chicago. I mentioned that the deal closed yesterday in Missouri. So, we do continue to make progress on exiting the central region over the course of the year. 
Craig Schmidt : Great. And then, maybe this is for Dave. On average, how long will the time be between let’s say, a rejected Toys being leased and when it’s actually occupying and paying rent?
David Jamieson: Sure. Yes, Craig. Yes, as each of these boxes vary in size and location dependent on what you love to do with the box, the timing itself can vary. So, you can look at anywhere from eight to ten months some time, it could be slightly sooner, it could be slightly longer.  So, again, it’s really hard to tag a specific timing. It’s really a matter of what you do with it. Do you back sell with a single tenant, do you choose to split the box and get higher rent, or does it create a new opportunity for repositioning or redevelopment and otherwise wasn’t possible unless you got the Toys back.
Craig Schmidt : Great, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI. 
Samir Khanal : Hi, good morning guys. I guess, your same-store NOI growth in the quarter was certainly much higher and I think most people expected with – I know there was a jump in the recovery ratio and that was a benefit. Can you provide a little bit more color around that?
Conor Flynn: Sure. So, we’ve been on a program over the last year-and-a-half to convert more tenants to this camp versus just waiting on pro rata. And I think that’s actually starting to take hold and has some positive impact on the recoveries. 
Samir Khanal : So, as we kind of model going forward, is that kind of more of a 1Q related item, because you went from sort of 77% to 80%. So what’s sort of…
Conor Flynn: It’s probably more weighted towards the first half of the year. Again, as you think about what happened during the first quarter, right, so the amount of landscaping that you are doing, the amount of roofing, the amount of patching and parking lots that you are doing, those are more items that are happening in the second, third, and fourth quarters when the weather is a little bit better.  So, we do benefit a little bit in the beginning part of the year from that fixed term analysis. But, I think overall, we still feel that our recoveries will be stronger than they have been in the past. And we have higher occupancy. Don’t – we also have higher occupancy. So the revolving rate is higher from having occupancy up 80 basis points. 
Samir Khanal : Right, okay. And I guess, as a follow-up, can you maybe talk a little bit about your watch list today versus maybe six months ago. I mean, you’ve certainly highlighted sort of all the positives, but as I kind of think about growth in the second half of 2018 and even in 2019, I mean, what are the categories that could create noise or sort of be the sort of derailed growth, let’s say, in 2019, I mean there is certainly, the Petsmart, Petco come up, what are the other categories that you are concerned about? 
Conor Flynn: Yes, I think that when you look at our watch list tenants, I mean, the categories really haven’t changed at all that much. And when you look at some of the retailers that have run into a bit of trouble, it’s really sometimes debt-related, because they are overleveraged and they are running into that. So, when we look at our sector, we continue to think that one of the biggest benefits of owning Kimco’s shares is the wide diversity we have from a tenant base.  And we continue to see the benefits of that as Sports Authority and Toys are really, yes, we are getting boxes back, but it gives us an ability to mark-to-market those boxes. The mark-to-market opportunity within our portfolio is significant and just on the anchor boxes alone we are 66% below market and when we say that over 98% occupied in our anchor boxes, those are opportunities we love to get back and we are really seeing the benefit of this transformation of the portfolio that we’ve been doing over a number of years.  And so, this is the first time we’ve actually seen occupancy uptick in the first quarter in ten plus years. So, all the hard work that we’ve been doing is starting to pay off and so, we do see that there is going to be opportunity to continue to have mark-to-market opportunities within the portfolio in the future. 
Samir Khanal : Okay, thanks guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from [Indiscernible] from RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, my first question, so, for the 260 basis points of that spread of lease versus the occupied occupancy, how much is shop versus anchored tenants? And then, how much will – of that space will be occupied by year-end?
Conor Flynn: We are going to have to get back to you on the break out of that 260 point spread. The majority of it – I would say is, probably anchor base, but the split, I’ll have to get details for you.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, on the Dania point, it looks like the cost went up by about $21 million. Is this due to the addition of Lucky’s market and what type of return will you see on the incremental investment? 
Conor Flynn: It is key to the Lucky’s grocery store that we have added to the line-up there. We are excited to have a grocery anchor now to really benefit and round out the last anchor box in that asset. We’ve also added a pro rata share of offsite improvements for the site into the cost and are actually returns have gone up since we’ve added Lucky’s to the pro forma. So, we are enthused about having them to be the last anchor box. 
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. 
Alexander Goldfarb : Good morning. Good morning out there. Just two for me. First, on the Albertsons, I saw that they passed the – they got passed the Hot-Scott period that expired. What are the next hurdles that they need to go through on the merger as far as timing? And is there anything that’s come up that you think would delay anything?
Conor Flynn: Hi, this is ready. The next step for the merger is for the S-4 which was filed about two weeks ago and the 30 day comment period by the SEC. Once that is completed and the financials are updated, because Rite Aid and Albertsons reported new earnings and they filed it, they will file that with a proxy, probably early to mid-June with a vote we expect in July. We have no reason to think that is not on schedule at this point. 
Alexander Goldfarb : Okay. And then, the second is, just going – if we look at the 2020 leverage targets that you have outlined, if we then look at the dividend, it still remains basically a full payout in 2019 even with the developments coming on. So how are you guys thinking about as far as future capital plans, asset sales, as well as trying to improve the dividend coverage?
Glenn Cohen: Well, I think that the action to dividend coverage continues to improve through 2019 and through 2020 as EBITDA comes on – more and more EBITDA does come online. Now, again, although we haven’t baked in any Albertsons transaction, to the extent that there is a monetization, those are further proceeds that would go towards some level of debt reduction or depending on where cost of capital is investment in assets that yield as well, which will either lower debt, and increase EBITDA. So, I think you are going to see our AFFO payout ratio continue to improve once these projects will start coming online. 
Alexander Goldfarb : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeff Donnelly : Thanks, Glenn. Actually, maybe just building on Alex’s question about the dividend, are you able to walk through maybe more specifically to the puts and takes to AFFO that could bolster that payout ratio in your favor for the common dividend?  It just seems like you are making progress but there is a little bit of ways to go to get to your target and, I guess, maybe what consideration do you guys use to exploring a change in the common dividend, something that’s more sustainable as a way to fund your redevelopments in lieu of – or instead of dispositions?
Glenn Cohen: Well, we remain very comfortable that now that the dividend is clearly sustainable. And everyone does AFFO a little bit differently. And when you look at the CapEx a lot of this CapEx that we are investing in, good portion of it is revenue generating. So, it takes time for us to finish it up and get it flowing. But we remain very comfortable that coverage is there, certainly from an FFO standpoint, it’s clearly there.  And, look at our liquidity position. We have really no debt maturing. And we are pretty optimistic about on projects that are – when you – if you go and visit these projects, whether it be at Pentagon, Lincoln, Dania, all of these projects they are getting close to completion and will start flowing.  It’s clear to us they will start flowing in the latter part of 2018 and into 2019 and that’s just going to further improve our coverage, because as we continue to execute on the dispositions, that is our funding mechanism through the development and redevelopment cost that we have. So we are not putting more pressure on the dividends. 
Jeff Donnelly : And then, just maybe one follow-up. I know, it might be difficult to do it in the fly, but back when you guys had rolled out the 2020 vision. You had to walk through with NOI growth to get to your – sort of I think it was about 4.5% to 6% growth, that was based on four factors, organic growth, leasing creation, redevelopment and ground of development.  I am just curious do you had to revisit that plan today, given how the landscape has changed, I guess, how do you think the composition of those contributing segments might shift? Did you think they would be as equal as they would be before? Or do you see that some have taken greater or lesser prominence?
Glenn Cohen: The one building block that is obviously changed significantly is the net acquisitions. We have obviously been a net seller this year and we’ll continue to be a net seller this year. And because of where our cost of capital sits today, we think that the right capital allocation strategy is to sell lower growing assets and reinvested in our redevelopments and developments that are going to continue to improve the portfolio quality and improve the growth of the portfolio. And so that’s the one piece of that that’s changed and obviously the wins against retail REITs have moved against that. 
Jeff Donnelly : Okay, thanks guys. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from – sorry?
David Bujnicki: Go ahead. 
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. 
Vincent Chao : Hey, good morning everyone. Just going back to the comments on the private market side. Lot of the debt commentary is similarly what we’ve heard for a little while from you guys, but, the number of bids being up was encouraging. Just curious if you had any sense of why now in 2018 there is more capital forming and what’s really driving the increase in the number of bidders here?
Glenn Cohen: I think it’s the compelling yields. While interest rates have ticked up modestly over the last few months, the spread between the cap rate and the debt that can be achieved is still extremely wide. So, it’s a compelling return.  The 7.5 to 8 cap that we are selling at are cap rates that have gotten to a point where groups that couldn’t buy high quality assets at that pricing are now excited about coming back into the marketplace. So we’ve executed on transactions with groups that we’ve sold to in 2014 and 2015 that were pretty quiet over the last couple of years until now. 
Conor Flynn: It might also be tied to some of the retailer commentary that came out recently. If you go back and look what CEOs said about the thriving Old Navy brand and how many new stores they plan to open without banner because of the traffic and the sales that are generating there.  Kohl’s CEO came out recently and said how important open-air shopping centers are to their brand and why they think they are positioning in open-air shopping centers because of the traffic. TJX and others have come out and said, they want to be very aggressive on store opening plans, because they see the traffic generating in shopping centers. So I think the commentary it may have something to do with that, they see the value of open-air shopping centers and really the investment opportunity that sits there.
Vincent Chao : Gotcha. Thank you. And then, just in terms of the Toys boxes, in terms of the assets you are looking to sell over the balance of the year are any of them assets with Toys in them and just curious if that’s – if the announcement has shifted to thinking on those sales or buyers or – what – how that’s changing buyer interest in those types of assets?
Conor Flynn: Yes, there are certainly a few assets that are on our disposition pipeline with Toys or Babies. Those as I mentioned earlier are a few of the examples where we are working on leasing to backfill that, that may push an asset that was originally slated or thought to be put in the market early in the year to the latter part of the year.  So we are being very prudent about backfilling those making sure that we provide activity at a minimum letters of intent or leases for those spaces, so that we make sure that we are able to obtain value before we go and sell those assets. So, it may delay us slightly, but based upon the activity level that we have in those boxes, it shouldn’t deter us from selling assets into the latter part of the year. 
Vincent Chao : Okay. But no interest in selling them vacant at this point?
Conor Flynn: No. 
Vincent Chao : Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Hong Zhang with JPMorgan. 
Hong Zhang: Hey guys. As it relates to your net disposition guidance, should we consider any assumptions of acquisitions throughout the year? Or is that’s – how should thorough that?
Conor Flynn: We have no current plans to acquire assets throughout the course of this year and we are not currently working on any acquisitions. Nothing in the pipeline. So, the plan is to continue to sell and make sure that we fund all of our obligations and needs for this year on the redevelopment and developments, and delever.  So, with where cap rates are for the types of high quality assets that we would look to acquire, if our cost of capital were different, it doesn’t make sense for us at this current time. So, we’ll continue to be disciplined and execute on the dispose and see where we sit going into 2019. 
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays.
Linda Tsai: Hi, in terms of properties being marketed for sale, today’s release noted a $115 million on the market, but on the 1Q transaction activity released earlier this month, it was $330 million. What changed?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, it’s a handful of those assets that were previously on the market have shifted into the accepted or under contract and then a few assets including the one that we just mentioned that closed yesterday has now moved into the closed transaction. So, as we made progress the numbers have shifted around a bit. 
Linda Tsai: Okay, thanks. And then, for Pentagon, Dania Boulevard, how are you thinking about the merchandizing for these larger scale type developments? What are some of the trends to focus on?
Conor Flynn: Well, Pentagon is a mixed use project, where we are adding in a residential tower above of the existing retail site. We think it’s going to significantly drop the cap rate on that asset. We have been extremely pleased with really the market rents in that surrounding area of the projects that are recently delivered. So, we are cautiously optimistic as Pentagon comes online in 2019 that we are really well positioned to have that via a signature asset for the company going forward.  On Dania, we really think that now with adding Lucky’s grocery. We’ve really rounded out the perfect mix of what we think the future of retail real estate really looks like. It’s a blend of grocery and specialty grocer, especially to drive more traffic.  Then you’ve got fitness, health and wellness. You’ve got really the off-price user who loves to drive traffic with these at the treasure hunt. So it’s really a nice blend as well as some restaurants as well. So that’s really the merchandizing mix that we think drives traffic at all points during the day and repeat customers that love to come back. 
Linda Tsai: Anything on Boulevard?
Conor Flynn: The Boulevard is making great progress too. When you look at, again, those are merchandizing mix there. We’ve got a very strong grocer that’s already executed. We’ve got a movie theater that’s going to be the entertainment piece of it. We’ve got a health and wellness and fitness component that again we like to think as a complementary use.  We’ve got an off-price user that’s going to drive that treasure hunter. We’ve got a beauty concept that’s signed up. And we’ve got a restaurant row that we think is really going to be vibrant main street for that project. So, we are well ahead in terms of our pre-leasing there and think that in terms of the City of New York, that asset is going to be another signature project for Kimco. 
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks. 
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating in our call today. I am available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Conor Flynn - CEO Glenn Cohen - CFO Ross Cooper - President and Chief Investment Officer David Jamieson - EVP and COO David Bujnicki - SVP, IR and Strategy
Analysts: Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Samir Khanal - Evercore ISI Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Jeremy Metz - BMO Capital Markets Christy McElroy - Citi Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Greg McGinniss - UBS Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities Christian Russell - Wells Fargo Michael Bilerman - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Kimco Realty Corporation Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco's fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, our CEO; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, CFO; and Dave Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements, due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures, that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP metrics can be found in the Investor Relations area of our web site. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. We finished off 2017 with a tremendous effort by the entire Kimco team. Our leasing activity in the fourth quarter capped off a record year, validating the desirability of our portfolio, with positive trends and occupancy, leasing spreads, same site NOI, and recurring FFO. Our portfolio has proven resilient, but we recognize that the goalposts are constantly moving, and that's why we continually strive to enhance the quality of our portfolio. Our primary focus in 2018 will be to further upgrade the portfolio, by disposing off assets that do not meet our long term objectives. While continuing the development and redevelopment projects. While this will have a short term dilutive impact, that positions us for long term growth and as a leader in our space. We anticipate another year of mixed results for retailers in 2018, with store rationalization continuing and additional store closures. To us, this means the need for continued focus on our 2020 core principles; create a portfolio of the highest possible quality, with a significant runway for growth; maintain a solid balance sheet that will continue to provide flexibility in this rapidly changing environment; and continue to run a redevelopment program that creates substantial value. To achieve these goals, we are taking the following steps; first, further improved portfolio quality, by becoming more weighted in coastal markets and grocery anchored centers. The majority of our portfolio is becoming concentrated in New York, the D.C.-Baltimore-Philadelphia corridor, Miami, Los Angeles, and the Bay Area. Second, notwithstanding our ample liquidity position, favorable debt maturity profile, and capacity to repurchase stock, we remain focused on strengthening the balance sheet and maximizing it's flexibility. We have already made progress on this goal, and Glenn will go into more detail on the strides we have made during 2017. Third, we will continue to strategically recycle assets, which serves double purposes; it strengthens the overall quality of our portfolio, as we further refine our demographic and geographic mix, and improvise the growth capital to support our development and redevelopment programs. We also will provide more details on our objectives for 2018. Fourth, maintain our strong leasing momentum and increase same site NOI. The lifeblood of the business is leasing, leasing, leasing, and we continue to see strong demand for Kimco's high quality and well located properties. David Jamieson and the team are working non-stop to stay ahead of the changes occurring in retail, partnering with innovative retailers and service providers, and exploring ways to streamline and expedite the leasing process. Fifth, unlock the embedded value from our existing redevelopment and development projects, both of which offer significant value creations and outsized yields. These projects include the redevelopments of Pentagon Center and the Boulevard and the developments of Lincoln Square, Dania Pointe Phase 1, Grand Parkway Phase 2, and Mill Station, which we recently announced will be anchored by Costco. Grand Parkway Phase 1 is now open and continues to enjoy strong demand. With respect to our Christiana development, we elected to reclassify this into land held for future development category. Given the change in our cost-to-capital and funding requirements for our other projects that are closer to being finished in generating cash flow. And finally, we will continue to focus on our margins and improve efficiency across the company. As an example, we recently made the decision to close our Midwest office, and streamline a regional operating structure. Glenn will cover this in more detail. We believe these steps will produce a higher quality portfolio, more flexible capital structure and long term growth. I can assure you that our management team is committed to continually improving Kimco's overall performance and is working tirelessly to achieve each of the steps I just outlined. Demonstrated and continued confidence in our plan, the board has put in place a $300 million share repurchase program, that will serve as another vehicle to return value to shareholders. And with that, I will turn the call over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. Overall, we had a very productive fourth quarter and full year 2017 on the investment side, with gross transaction volume close to $950 million. This was highlighted by accelerated fourth quarter dispositions, amounting to $234 million with Kim's share of $174 million. We ended the year as a modest net seller, as a result of our strong fourth quarter sales execution. The blended cap rate on the 16 centers sold in Q4 and for all 38 shopping center sales in 2017, were in the mid-7% level. On the acquisition side, we acquired Whittwood Town Center in Los Angeles, California, with long term redevelopment and value creation opportunities. As noted previously, this year, we intend to be substantial net sellers, totaling between $700 million to $900 million. Any acquisitions we undertake in 2018, will focus on accretive, adjacent, or unowned anchor parcels, within our existing portfolio. On the investment landscape, we continue to see a bifurcation in pricing, between high quality core markets and those outside the major institutional focus. Cap rates on the best assets remain sticky, and at all time lows, with recent transactions on both coasts, trading in the fours and low five range, driven by strong investor interest, whereas non-core secondary and tertiary assets, particularly those without a grocery component, continue to rise. While each asset is unique, we see the spread between core and non-core anywhere from 250 to 300 basis points at this time. Although there is an increase in supply in the market, related to our disposition plans and those of several peers, there continues to be plenty of interest in capital available, primarily from local regional operators, with the backing of private equity capital providers. These buyers are finding the going in yield attractive, and are able to access the debt markets, thereby providing a healthy cash-on-cash return. Even with interest rates moving up over the first 45 days of the year, we have not seen any pullback related to the ability or cost of obtaining financing. This gives us confidence in our ability to execute on our 2018 sales targets, and we have gotten off to a great start, with $30 million of dispositions completed, and another $300 million under contract or with an accepted offer. Additionally, we now have over $475 million of properties in the market for sale. Glenn will now provide additional color and insight on our 2018 guidance and financial performance for the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Ross and good morning. We finished 2017 with positive operating results, a solid balance sheet and a strong liquidity position, and are now focusing on our 2018 objectives, as outlined by Conor and Ross. Now some details on our 2017 fourth quarter and full year results, and then further color, regarding our 2018 guidance. NAREIT FFO per share was $0.38 for the fourth quarter, which include $5.2 million or $0.01 per share of severance charges, associated with the consolidation of our central region, as part of the corporate restructuring. We are marketing many of the properties in this region for sale, which we anticipate selling in 2018, with the remaining high quality assets, having been absorbed by our other regions. For the full year, NAREIT FFO per share was $1.55. This includes $11.3 million or $0.03 per share of transactional income, net of transactional expenses, comprised primarily of the $23.7 million from Albertsons, and a $14.8 million foreign exchange rate. These gains were offset by early debt repayment and preferred redemption charges of $9 million, land impairments of $11.8 million and severance charges of $5.2 million just mentioned. FFO is adjusted or recurring FFO, which excludes transactional income and expenses, as well as non-operating impairments, was $0.39 per share for the fourth quarter, $0.01 above the $0.38 per share reported last year. Our fourth quarter results benefitted from an increase in NOI of $9.5 million, including the pro rata portion from our joint ventures. This was driven by higher minimum rents and lease termination fees, despite a $1.8 million negative impact from our Puerto Rico properties, due to Hurricane Maria. Offsetting the increase to NOI was prior interest expense attributable to the higher debt balances. Now full year 2017 FFO was adjusted -- was $1.52 per share versus $1.50 per share for 2016. The increase is primarily attributable to improved consolidated NOI of $18.7 million and lower recurring G&A expense and tax provision of $5.4 million collectively. This was offset by lower JV FFO contribution of $10.9 million due to assets sold and transferred, including those related to our exit from Canada. Our FFO growth has been impacted in the short run from the $402 million invested in development projects, which will begin cash flows late in 2018 and into 2019 and beyond. Our operating metrics remain strong, as we enter 2017 with occupancy of 96%, up 60 basis points from a year ago and up 20 basis points since last quarter. Anchor occupancy increased to 98.1% and small shop occupancy finished the year at 89.6%. For the fourth quarter, new leasing spreads were higher by 13.2%, with renewals and options rising 7.9% for a combined housing leasing spreads of 9.2%. Same property NOI growth was 1.2% in fourth quarter, and includes a reduction of 40 basis points from redevelopment projects and a negative 120 basis points, due to the impact of Hurricane Maria on our Puerto Rico properties. Absent these items, same property NOI growth would have been 2.8%. For the full year, same property NOI increased by 1.7%, including a 30 basis point reduction attributable to Puerto Rico. Beginning in 2018, our same property NOI population will exclude our seven Puerto Rico properties. Turning to the balance sheet; we finished 2017 with consolidated net debt-to-recurring-EBITDA of 5.9 times and on a relative basis, including the pro rata portion from JVs and preferred stock outstanding, of 7.1 times. In December, we issued $230 million of 5.25% perpetual preferred stock and in subsequent year end, an additional $34.5 million, as the underwriters exercised their overallotment option. During 2017, we issued 1.25 billion of unsecured bonds with a weighted average interest rate of 3.78% and a weighted average maturity of 14.6 years. In just the past few years, we have increased our weighted average maturity profile to 10.7 years from 5.3 years. Subsequent to year end, we repaid $162 million of secured debt, leaving only $23 million of debt maturing for the remainder of 2018. Our liquidity position is excellent, with over $2.1 billion of availability on a revolving credit facility, and just over $400 million of debt maturing through 2020. Now for some color on 2018 guidance and the underlying assumptions; as a reminder, our 2018 guidance excludes any transactional income and expense. As such, our guidance for 2018 NAREIT defined FFO and FFO as adjusted are the same. We will incorporate transactional income and expense as it occurs. Our FFO guidance range for 2018 is $1.42 to $1.46 per share. This guidance range takes into account the dilutive impact of our fourth quarter 2017 dispositions and the financing costs associated with the $264.5 million of 5.25% perpetual preferred stock that was recently issued. The guidance range also assumes net dispositions of $700 million to $900 million, with blended cap rates between 7.5% to 8%. The proceeds from these sales will help satisfy the funding requirements related to our development and redevelopment projects, which are projected to total $425 million to $525 million in 2018. As a reminder, only Phase 1 of the Dania development is expected to start generating cash flow in 2018. Any proceeds received in excess of the development and redevelopment costs, may be used to opportunistically reduce debt, redeem callable preferred stock or repurchase common shares pursuant to the common share repurchase program we have announced today. Our growth range for same property NOI is 1.25% to 2%. The low end of the range reflects our expectation for the first quarter same property NOI level, which we believe will be the low point for 2018. This is due to several bankrupt tenants that were in place in the first quarter of 2017, but subsequently vacated. Our range also consists the uncertainty around tenant bankruptcies and fall out [ph] for the holiday season, including Toys"R"Us. Despite the potential negative impact of these circumstances, we are comfortable with the upper end of the same property NOI growth range, given the widespread between our leased versus economic occupancy level, which stands at 270 basis points. As a final point, our team is focused on execution, are highly motivated and confident about our future. And with that, we'd be happy to answer your questions.
David Bujnicki: We are ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. To make this more efficient, we ask that, you ask one question with an additional follow-up question. If you have any additional questions, you could rejoin the queue. You can take our first caller.
Operator: Our first question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. I know Ross, you touched on it; but I thought the cap rates were going to be a little lower, given that this was -- improved assets, given the first rounds of disposition. So just wondering about that 7.5% to 8% cap rate?
Ross Cooper: Yeah, that's a good question, and we have seen consistency in the pricing and actually I have been very encouraged by the buyer pool and some of the new capital formations that we have seen. The bids that we have been receiving on the assets, we have been putting into the market have been pretty aggressive. So we are certainly helpful, that we will continue to achieve the lower end of that cap rate range into the mid-7s. But we are giving ourselves, I guess, a little bit of flexibility to continue to execute on our strategy and ensure that, we hit our targets, which we are very comfortable that we will.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And just maybe for Glenn, where would you target your dividend to AFFO payout ratio? Where would you be comfortable that being?
Glenn Cohen: Well overall, we wanted to be around 90%. Today, it's a little higher than that, but as the EBITDA starts coming online from our development and redevelopment projects, that will help drive it down.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Good morning guys. So Conor, just on the transaction market again. I guess, what gives you the confidence that you will be able to execute on kind of that $800 million for the year? I mean, many of your peers are sort of doing the same thing. It feels like, assets are flooding the market, and you are not getting a lot of -- there isn't much bid for anything sort of over $50 million. So it feels like there is a lot of work to do, with the $15 million to $20 million kind of one-off assets, and I mean -- is there a risk that some of this could kind of trickle into 2019 at this point? I am just trying to get a sense of, when you think about dispositions, is it -- what's under contract and should we think of it being more sort of first half weighted or how much of that could trickle into the second half of 2018 here?
Conor Flynn: It's a good question. I think when we look at our execution on the dispositions of the portfolio to-date, that gives us confidence, that we are going to be able to execute. So I mean, we have been able to do a one-off strategy for repositioning the portfolio significantly. We have sold now close to $6 billion worth of real estate, to feel like we have the team in place, we have the execution ready to go, and that's what gives us confidence to be able to hit those ranges. Ross, what do you think?
Ross Cooper: Yeah I mean, I would just add that, over the last few months, I mean, we have had countless meetings and phone calls with investors, operators, brokers, and there really has been, I think, in some sense, a renewed interest, from some players, that really, frankly have been on the sidelines for the last few years, and are starting to reemerge, as they are seeing attractive pricing and cash yields in today's environment. So we have $300 million under contract or with an accepted offer, with a significant amount behind that, and as you said, I mean, the average deal size for us really is in that $15 million to $20 million; maybe $25 million range on some deals,, which seems to be the sweet spot for investors. There is no doubt, it is a significant amount of work to do it on a one-off strategy. We are talking with groups and are looking at a few smaller sub portfolios, although we think that a larger portfolio is too heavy a discount for us to take. So it's no doubt a lot of work, but our team is motivated. Everybody is working hard to get it done, and we are confident that we will hit our targets.
Samir Khanal: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks and good morning guys. So let's say you get everything done that you want, and $900 million of asset sales this year, it probably doesn't change your leverage ratio a whole ton, because you are using all those proceeds for redevelopment. And I know there is a timing issue with EBITDA flowing in; but reasonably speaking, how much more could we expect in asset sales in 2019?
Glenn Cohen: It's a good question. I think when we look at our portfolio today, we really want to have a clean portfolio in 2019. So we are going to make sure that's why we have an elevated disposition plan for 2018. So that going forward, we have a clean portfolio, that's really heavily weighted toward the coasts. That's where we see the highest growth, that's where we see the biggest barriers to entry. So that's where we are positioning ourselves going forward. We know we have to execute on that, and our team is geared up to do that. But going forward, that's our game plan.
Ki Bin Kim: But the question is, does the $900 million get you there, or is there possibly another round that you have to do?
Conor Flynn: That gets us there. That really cleans up the portfolio and gets us to a run rate, where we see us continuing to be well positioned for growth into the future years.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just last question, when you look at the composition of things you are looking to sell, any large power centers in there, that might be a little bit from problematic?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah. The composition really is a bit of a cross section of our portfolio. So there is some grocery, there is some on anchored centers. But it is heavily weighted towards power. The deal size is primarily in that $20 million to $25 million range. There is one or two assets, that I would say are larger power centers. One of them that we have in the market today, in Missouri, we are getting exceptional early interest. So we are confident that we are going to hit our price targets there. I think you saw yesterday announce, there was a big power center in Idaho, that was recently acquired, north of $75 million. So there are buyers for that type of products, and we are confident that we are going to be able to move the few that we have, that are a bit larger in size.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning. Ross, going back to one of the earlier questions on dispositions in the 7.5% to 8% yields here, are you factoring in raising any capital from new joint ventures? Is that something we could see this year as a way to possibly raise some more attractively priced capital, in addition to selling that bottom rung in that high single digit range?
Glenn Cohen: We always look at our disposition program, in a way to try and execute and get those assets out of the portfolio. For potential new opportunities, I think we have always stated that, we have an existing JV platform. Three very strong partners that want to continue to do business with us. We don't currently have any plans to announce today, of a launching a new JV. But again, we have that as an arrow in our quiver.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then, in terms of the buyback, you obviously have a pretty full pipeline of spend here, nearly $500 million of redevelopment, $100 million of maturities and amortization. I think you took care of some of that already so far this year. You have also talked about delevering further with proceeds. So trying to understand exactly where the buybacks fit on a priority scale? Would you be willing to increase bid dispositions further to fund it, and kind of what it means for your long term goals of getting a rating upgrade?
Glenn Cohen: Again, the ratings continue to be very important to us. As you know, we are BBB+, solid and stable and continuing to head towards -- over time, what would get us to that A-, AAA rating. But that really is an overtime issue. As it relates to the buyback, first and foremost, we are focused on funding our developments and redevelopments, as we have talked about. So as with this [ph] $425 million to $525 million range. And then we have options that are really open to us. We will see where the stock is trading. We have $575 million of perpetual preferred, that's all callable today. And then, debt reduction, we have already paid $162 million of debt already this year. So this is really not a whole of debt more than we could pay down. The next bond that we have is October of 2019, and that's at 6X and 7X [ph]. So that's another option for us to take a look at earlier on.
Conor Flynn: We do think our stock is incredibly cheap. I mean, that's the reason why we always have the share buyback program in place, and we do see that as an opportunity to really showcase the disconnect between public and private pricing right now.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy: Hey, good morning everyone. Appreciate the color on expectations towards the upper end of the same store growth range. Can you just give us a sense for exactly what's buffered in there for tenant fallout? Just a little bit more color on that, what you know and what you don't? And you had previously expected, I think a bit of an uplift, so higher growth rate in 2018. What has changed exactly in the last three months?
Glenn Cohen: Hi Christy. We are still looking to see what Toys does. I mean, they are trying to reemerge from bankruptcy here. We have seen their lists, and yet they are still trying to figure themselves out if they had a very difficult holiday season, as you know. So there are still a few things early on in the year, that have to play out, and really will determine where we fit on that guidance range in terms of same site NOI. We do like the demand we are seeing from our stable of tenants, that continue to want to grow stores with us. We see that that's very-very strong. We are monitoring shadow supply, as we have been talking about, as we continue to reposition the portfolio, and move a bit more coastal. I think we will continue to see more demand for our centers.
Christy McElroy: Great. And then just, with regard to what you already have leased, just -- there is a big difference obviously between the leased rate and commenced rate. Can you just give us a sense of the magnitude of dollars of leases that have been signed but have yet to commence, and sort of the timing of those commencements, as we sit [ph] through the year?
Glenn Cohen: The total dollars of what's signed is probably in the $10 million to $15 million range of what's there already. So that's going to stop coming online, as we get more towards the middle of the second half of the year, and we think that that gap should start closing, that 270 basis point gap.
Conor Flynn: You did see it close.
Glenn Cohen: Right. So you saw 50 basis points tighten already. And again, we will have more leasing, and then you have ins and outs that go with it. But we expect that that will start to tighten, as we get later into the year.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: Hey, good morning guys. I want to go back to the share buyback program. Maybe focused on your comments last quarter, and what's changed? I certainly hear the understanding that stock looks very cheap in your mind, and certainly it's down, I think around $4 since last earnings. But last earnings, you were mentioning that it didn't necessarily make sense relative to maybe debt-to-EBITDA and you thought that there were better source of capital; specifically your redevelopment program. So I am curious, obviously, a lot of things have changed with your share price, but how are you thinking about that relative to your debt levels and your development pipeline?
Glenn Cohen: So from the first point, the share price, look where it is. You look at our FFO yield, based on earnings today, it's almost 10%. Our dividend yield is over 8%. So that's pretty dramatic shift than where we were even three months ago. So that brings into question, should we have this program available to us. The other thing that we did was, we had ramped up the size of our disposition program. That again, is there to fund our developments and redevelopments, and then beyond that, again, we have the availability, if the price is going to be at those levels, where we could use it towards that. Keeping in mind, that our ratings is very important to us. So we are not going to allow net debt-to-EBITDA or fixed charge coverage or any other debt metric to get out of control or be above a level that would put that at risk. But we are cognizant of where the share price is, and we have opportunities available to us.
Conor Flynn: I think that's right. I think when you look at the long term prognosis of the business, we still believe in the redevelopment being really a tremendous return on our capital. And yet, we see how cheap the price is today in our stock, and where we fit, and it is a tremendous value, and that's why we have pushed the program in place. We still have the redevelopment as a priority for creating long term shareholder value. But again, we want to be opportunistic and take the advantage when we can, when it presents itself with the share price.
Rich Hill: Got it. And just one more follow-up question on that; to me it sounds like you are saying it's not necessarily -- you are not comparing where you could buy back shares relative to where you are selling assets; because we see that as modestly accretive, not super accretive. It just sounds like, relative to all of your other opportunities, this is a good use of capital, relative to three months ago, where they have been slightly less of a priority. Is that all fair?
Conor Flynn: That's how we allocate it.
Rich Hill: Okay. Great. Thanks guys. I appreciate your time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. So two questions; first, Conor, you guys had previously said you were done with a major portfolio of repositionings, and now, you are obviously embarking again. So curious what's the decision to sell mostly the Midwest? Is it the reemergence of buyers that you guys sort of talked about, or is there something different that you saw, in the growth of the IRR profile of the Midwest versus the coastal preference that the new portfolio will be?
Conor Flynn: It's a good question. I think when you look at the profile of the Midwest, it's heavily weighted towards bigger boxes, and we have just seen that the growth profile there, just doesn't measure up to what we have seen on our coastal properties. And so when we look out to buy assets, and went back through the disposition targets for this year, we really wanted to clean up the portfolio, to showcase that -- really the bedrock of the portfolio is growing and substantially higher than, let's say, the Midwest was growing at. And so when we look at that, we think that prioritizing it and pushing it out this year, is going to really set us up nicely to showcase how much embedded growth we have in the rest of the portfolio?
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And as a follow-up to that, you mentioned that you took Christiana out of the development and put it back, I think you said it was land or existing assets. Just curious how your hurdles have changed, how Christiana compared to some of the other projects that you are continuing on with? And then going forward, on new deals, let's assume that the stock doesn't recover to today, where it is essentially. How are your hurdles changing for new projects, or is your view that hey, this is sort of what Glenn was saying, if the stock is down here, better off to buy back stock versus proceed them to redevelopment for future.
Conor Flynn: Yeah. On Christiana, it's a site that we looked at and we thought that it was best to take it offroad, just because of where our cost of capital sits today. We still believe in the site longer term, it has tremendous frontage on I95, that sits right next to GGP's Christiana mall that does over $1,000 a foot in sales. But it's one, when we look at our cost of capital, we had the opportunity to say, we already have a significant development pipeline. Where the cost of capital has changed, we can then allocate that to the priorities and show that the projects that are already underway, are going to deliver significant growth, and move out on more to the land, house or development. So it's really just being a prudent capital allocator, and understanding that our cost of capital has changed significantly. Going forward, you will see us do more of the redevelopments, that have significantly higher yields. On average, those have been between 9% and 11%. That's where we still see tremendous value to be created in the portfolio. So that's really where we prioritize it going forward.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Yulico of UBS. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: Hey good morning. This is Greg McGinniss on for Nick. Regarding the Toys"R"Us closure, were those in line with your expectations, and are you in further discussions with the retailer regarding that lease?
David Jamieson: Yeah, this is Dave Jamieson. It's a great question. We've been closely monitoring Toys for an extended period of time, and so when they -- coming out of their holiday season, appreciating that they had some clear challenges, we had anticipated that there would be some adjustments to our existing portfolio. We had marked down 24, we are actually down at 23 at this point on this call today. And we are in active discussions with them as well, as we worked through each of the leases, where we have had success, being able to restructure leases, reduce term, secure the right to recapture the box, and what that has enabled us to do, is to go back out to market with the other growth context as well, and identify new opportunities and be very proactive and preparing opportunities to back. So dependent on how they emerge from bankruptcy today.
Greg McGinniss: Right. And so following up on that, with these anchor givebacks and potential Sears bankruptcy, how does that fit within your redevelopment pipeline, and you mentioned tenant demand, how strong is tenant demand for these box sizes?
David Jamieson: Tenant demand for these boxes have been extraordinarily high. We have seen it from all the off-price guys, we have seen it from the grocers, the fitness users. So we are very confident in terms of our ability to backfill these boxes. As it relates to Sears comparatively as well, when we look at what's remaining in our core portfolio at Sears, and you look at where these are located. They are really on the coast, they are in South Florida, they are in California, they are in Washington. And you look at the population densities on a pro rata basis, it is about 150,000 people that excludes those that are say like Bridgehampton and the Keyes, which are extremely high barrier to entry markets with very limited supply, and there is no in which you can construct anything new. So putting all that together, that creates tremendous opportunities for our redevelopment pipeline going forward.
Ross Cooper: I would just add that the average rent on the Toys boxes is around $11 and 15% to 20% below market, when you look at the locations we have. So we feel optimistic that if we can recapture some of these boxes, we will be able to do some higher quality tenants that will drive more traffic, that will add value to the rest of the shopping center.
Greg McGinniss: And sorry, just one quick follow-up here. After the $425 million to $525 million development spend this year, how much do you expect that outlay to fall in 2019 and 2020?
Glenn Cohen: We'd probably be around $250 million and $300 million during 2019.
Greg McGinniss: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey there, good morning. Glenn, I guess a question for you first on the FFO guidance. Curious, what's embedded in there in terms of expectations for, distributions from Albertsons? And then, could you also give us a sense of what you are perhaps expecting in terms of insurance proceeds from Puerto Rico?
Glenn Cohen: So there nothing put in numbers at all for Albertsons. Albertsons, when and if something happens there, will just be upside to us. As it relates to Puerto Rico, our guess is, we are probably around $2.5 million to $3 million less in NOI from the Puerto Rico properties versus last year, and then the insurance proceeds will probably get a couple million dollars, is our guess during the year. So that will upbridge that. You got to realize, in Puerto Rico, most of the tenants that were there, are actually back up and running. The properties are performing. They all have power again. There is a lot of heavy traffic at the assets, and were just under -- I think we are 94.7% occupied today. So the properties are actually starting to perform well again.
Conor Flynn: We were actually seeing a boost in demand down there as well. I think being a well capitalized and efficient operator in Puerto Rico, has given us the ability to get our sites open and operating quickly, and there is a lot of retailers that are coming to us, that have not been able to rebuild or have a landlord that's not well capitalized, so we get them back open and operating. So we have actually gotten some increased demand from retailers looking to come to our centers.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate that. Glenn, the couple of million you mentioned there, is that embedded in the FFO guidance, the Puerto Rican proceeds?
Glenn Cohen: Yes.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. And then on the same store NOI guide, what's embedded there for bad debt and refurb [ph], and what are you assuming for expense growth? And then how should we think about potential further cost savings in the portfolio if you sell another $900 million this year? Is there anything embedded in the guide for that?
Glenn Cohen: In terms of bad debt, again, we run around 1%, as our reserve on that. What's the second part of your question, Haendel, I am sorry?
Haendel St. Juste: Thinking about the portfolio, as you sell assets here, another maybe $700 million to $900 million. Potential cost savings to the platform, as you think about rationalizing some of your costs?
Glenn Cohen: Again, part of the closing and consolidation of the Midwest region relates around selling a lot of those assets. So you will see that this is going to impact in our G&A line. I mean, if you look at our G&A, it's relatively flat, and it has been held relatively flat for several years now, with the things that we have been doing.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Yeah hi. So going back for the $700 million to $900 million that you are selling with a cap rate of 7.5% to 8%. If we go beyond that and just think about how the balance of the portfolio is, is there another sizable chunk of assets that you would say, the cap rate is 6.5% to 7%, and we should think of it as ratably getting better or is there -- once this chunk of the portfolio is gone, a notable step-up in terms of the quality and a drop in the cap rate. I mean, how would you size it up outside of what you are selling?
Glenn Cohen: I think your latter part there is correct, is there is a sizable step-up in quality, when we move out of the Midwest. And you look at the assets that we have up and down the coast, and we think we are toe-to-toe with the best in the business. And so, we will have to prove it out, obviously, with our numbers and our execution and showing that the growth is there, and that's on us to make sure that it shines through. But we really do believe that there is going to be a significant jump in quality, once we execute on our disposition plan this year.
Michael Mueller: Okay. And then just a timing question for the dispositions; how do you see that playing out throughout the year? I know you have a decent amount under contract right now?
Ross Cooper: Yeah, we are pushing to get as much done as quickly as we can. We are confident that the first half of the year is going to be very strong, and that's definitely our game plan with continued execution through the third and fourth quarters. But we are pushing to get as much sold in the first half of the year as possible.
Michael Mueller: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Golladay of RBC. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hey, good morning everyone. Looking at the existing pipeline in the supplement for development and redevelopment, looks like there is just a little over $500 million of total spend that can cause [indiscernible] share. So how much of the development spend and redevelopment spend that you identify for 2018 is attributable to this pipeline we see in the supplement, and how much is it for committed landlord work and tenant allowances or potential new projects later in the year?
Glenn Cohen: So the $425 million to $525 million is really split between the developments and the redevelopments. The developments are about -- it's about half of it, about $200 million, $225 million of it, and then the redevelopments are about $250 million, $275 million of it.
Ross Cooper: And I would just add, that we don't plan to add any new development projects other than the existing assets that we are working on, and you will see us continue to work on entitlements for redevelopment, as we continue to think that that's got to be the priority for the company longer term.
Conor Flynn: When you think of the redevelopments of the Highland projects, it's pretty large. It's $186 million project. It's already -- in Staten Island. The project -- groundbreaking has already been done, construction is happening, money is being spent. So with that project, it is moving along pretty quickly. The same thing with our Pentagon project. Again, you have the tower that's being built, so there is a lot of capital that's going into that project as well. So those are the two major places where the capital is coming. As you know, the developments that we have, so we are continuing to spend on Dania. Phase one should be open by the end of 2018, so there is a lot of capital that's going into that as well.
Glenn Cohen: And then Phase 2 will follow that.
Conor Flynn: Right. And we could square as well.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then with the dispositions, there would be a lot of mortgages tied to these properties, or should we expect a big cash drag? Maybe retire preferred later in the year? How are you modeling that in guidance?
Glenn Cohen: There is very-very little mortgage debt tied to any of these properties we are selling.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Lucas of Capital One Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Good morning guys. I guess two quick ones; Glenn, and I recognize you have a real focus on looking to maintain and improve your credit rating? I guess one of the questions I would have is just, as it relates to the preferred stack, is there more capacity there? You had a really very solid execution in December, just curious is there more availability within your capital stack to do more preferred?
Glenn Cohen: There is more availability for sure. I think where we are, is there is a little bit over $1 billion. Again, it's somewhat pricing sensitive. The reality is, if you look at where pricing is today, it's probably starting to approach now, 6%. So at the time we issued 5 in an inning [ph], 5 in a quarter, for a long data taper that doesn't have a maturity, that works really well, as you start getting into higher coupon levels, becomes somewhat less attractive. And again, if you look at where are from a maturity profile; again, we had so little debt maturing between now and 2020, and we have really between -- with the sales, the ability to fund all of our development and redevelopment projects. And what we are counting on, is as those projects get completed and that NOI starts coming online, that you will start to see net debt-to-EBITDA drop.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then, just on the -- Conor, on the retailer environment. I guess, I am just curious as to how maybe you would compare where we are today versus a year ago? It feels more stable, there has been some store announcements, but the environment feels better. Is that your sense?
Conor Flynn: I think that's accurate. I mean, when you look at the strength of the retailers today, it continues to be in the off-price categories and the health and wellness categories, the specialty grocers. Inflation is coming back a little bit, so that should really help grocery stores. And then you look at the fitness, and what's going on there. You continue to see huge demand for stores, and I think one of the biggest things that sometimes is missed, is retailers are starting to recognize the important of the physical store to the omnichannel network. And I think you are going to start to see more and more retailers start to showcase sales as a combined number, rather than just an e-commerce sales number and a physical number; because, I think the race there was to show much e-commerce is growing. When in effect, it's one big network, and I think retailers are starting to recognize how important the store is to that network, and I think that's what's really going to boost this estimate going forward, is how important it all connects together.
Chris Lucas: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Russell of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Christian Russell: Thank you. First off, congratulations on the latest quarter. I am calling in as a shareholder and as a portfolio manager, and my main question is, basically, looking at or listening to the conference call today, two things really stuck out at me, and that was Ross' comments regarding the current environment from the physical assets, is that an all time low in cap rates, which translates to me as meaning all time highs in prices? And then the other comment is, from the guys that described the big disconnect from the public markets and the stock price, versus what's happening in the private market, and describe our share price has a tremendous value and incredibly cheap. And I am just wondering to myself, have we considered, maybe that one of the best programs we could do is, with that $900 million, using it to create a fortress like balance sheet, buyback our own stock?
Conor Flynn: I think it's a great idea. It's something that we believe in, and think that if you look at our playbook, that's exactly what we think we should be doing. So we have got a lot of execution, especially on the disposition side of it as well as on leasing. But we want to make sure our balance sheet is in the best shape possible, and buyback shares to really showcase that disconnect between public and private pricing.
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up from Christy McElroy of Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman: Yeah, it's Michael Bilerman here, an analyst with Citi. Just question, Glenn, on the tax consideration for sales. I think back to last year, and that the acquisitions were driven in part by the tax gains that you had, that you couldn't shelter through your dividend. Obviously, $900 million is a lot more sales relative to last year. How are you managing through that for 2018 and you know, is there a special dividend, potentially in the cards, if you can't shelter, because it doesn't seem like you are buying anything this year?
Glenn Cohen: It is a good question Michael. We have done a lot of analysis about the cash position and where we are relative to the dividend. And we feel comfortable today, that we can actually absorb all the gains. Again, if you look at the composition of our dividend last year, we did a lot of 1031 exchanges. So you wound up with a component of the dividend being returned to capital, like 40%. So without having any acquisitions or very minimal level of acquisitions and no 1031s, you can see a very different composition of what the dividend would look like, being ordinary and capital gain.
Michael Bilerman: Right, --
Glenn Cohen: We don't think we would need a special dividend. We think we can absorb it.
Michael Bilerman: So you are already paying out well above the minimum relative to ordinary, so you have room effectively, to be able to cover increased capital gains without the need for a special?
Glenn Cohen: Correct. Yes.
Michael Bilerman: And then, just thinking about asset sales, and I recognize a big push here is to create a portfolio that you want going forward. Have you considered at all, sort of selling interests in some of your higher quality assets? Effectively, like the stuff you just bought in Jantzen and Whittwood or re-joint venture in Dania, once you complete the development? And I recognize you have done a lot to simplify the company, joint ventures are down to 10, 13 percentish of your company now. But I just didn't know whether that would be an avenue to sort of highlight value across the board, in terms of more representative of your portfolio, and so interest in some of those better quality assets, and also have less dilution from being able to raise capital at arguably much lower cap rates?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah Michael, I think that's a very good point. I mean, we have lifted that, and as I said before, we do have three very large partners, the Canadian Pension Plan, Prudential and New York Common, that will continue to want to do business with us. So we will look at that and see, if we can continue to -- as a way to access cheaper cost of capital, I think we could potentially look at that going forward. Again, if our cost of capital doesn't come back, we have that as an arrow in our quiver. So it's something that we are looking at, as a potential opportunity.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thank you for participating in our call today. I am available to answer any follow-up questions you may have. I hope you enjoy the rest of the day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - SVP, IR and Strategy Conor Flynn - CEO Ross Cooper - President and Chief Investment Officer Glenn Cohen - CFO Dave Jamieson - CIO Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman Ray Edwards - EVP, Retailer Services
Analysts: Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Christy McElroy - Citi Jeremy Metz - BMO Ronald Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’ Neill Samir Khanal - Evercore ISI Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Vince Tibone - Green Street Linda Tsai - Barclays Greg McGinniss - UBS Michael Bilerman - Citi Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities Tammi Fique - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Good day and welcome to Kimco’s Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead, sir.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Joining me on the call are Conor Flynn, Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, CFO; and Dave Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team, including Milton Cooper and Ray Edwards. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking. It is important to note that the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are also available on our website. Before transitioning the call to Conor, I want to make you aware of an important upcoming change regarding the timing of our future earnings reporting. Beginning with our fourth quarter earnings, which will take place in February of next year, we plan to announce our results in the morning, a few hours ahead of the conference call. We believe that having the benefit of management’s comments taken together with the reported results will provide a more meaningful and comprehensive understanding of the Company’s performance and enables us to mitigate any potential Reg FD risk. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will provide an overview of our strong third quarter performance, update you on our progress for achieving our 2020 Vision strategy, and give additional color on our portfolio including an update on our assets in Puerto Rico. Ross will review our quarterly transaction activity and the general market environment. Finally, Glenn will provide details on key metrics and updates to our 2017 guidance. In terms of key highlights. We singed 343 new leases, renewals and options this quarter, totaling 1.8 million square feet. Occupancy increased 30 basis points sequentially and the blended spread on new leases and renewals was a positive 16%. These results validate our ongoing thesis that open-air centers that focus on grocers, off-price, fitness, everyday goods and services continue to be solid investments and remain the backbone of our strategy to create the optimal portfolio and drive shareholder value. But the retail landscaping is changing should not be a surprise to anyone. The history of retail from small vendors to specialty stores to department stores to big boxes is a history of winners and losers and the fight to win the consumer’s solid. What is surprising today, however, is the speed in which these changes are occurring. Today, it’s about millennials and their taste for experiential retail, services and convenience. They research with their smartphone, which has become the retailer’s front door. Today, it’s also about omnichannel environment which requires retailers and landlords to work together to combine e-commerce, and brick and mortar to attract shoppers and to keep up with their changing tastes. And that is why in this ever-evolving retail landscape our core principles of quality, growth and a strong balance sheet are more important now than ever. Quality locations are where the retailers will always want to be, and the quality of our portfolio continues to improve. Since 2010, we have sold over $6 billion of real estate, recycling the proceeds into higher quality assets and reduce the size of our portfolio from over 900 to 508 assets. The result is a higher quality portfolio concentrated in the best markets in the United States. By focusing on high barrier to entry markets and executing on our unique customer strategy, we have become more efficient and are able to drive greater value-creation. Quality drives growth, which is our second core principle. Creating multiple drivers of NOI growth from leasing, redevelopment and development has been at the heart of our operating strategy. The leasing results this quarter once again demonstrated that when all is said and done, the key to our business is leasing. Our pro rata occupancy now stands at 95.8%, making it one of the highest levels in our sector, and we continue to see opportunities to grow this metric. Leasing is the most direct and important creator of value, whether it comes from filling vacancies, renewing existing tenants, preleasing our redevelopment and development projects or realizing our mark-to-market opportunities. One example of this is our ability to transform and reposition specific assets. Specifically, we signed new leases at strong leasing spread that included the recapture of three former Kmart boxes just this quarter alone. Redevelopment and development continue to be a part of our long-term growth strategy. And this quarter, we achieved several critical milestones that will pave the way for our future success. On the redevelopment side, we have secured all approvals and cleared all contingencies for our Signature Series, Staten Island project, renamed, The Boulevard. A 460,000 center fostering a Towne Square environment, which we believe is emblematic of the future of retail real estate. Construction started recently at the Boulevard, which is already 71% preleased, anchored by a shop rent [ph] grocer, Marshalls [ph] and many other great national and regional and local retailers. The tenant lineup, not only demonstrates the vibrancy of the market but also it significantly reduces the risk associated with major construction. And keep in mind, redevelopments like The Boulevard necessitate the demolition of existing stores and cause short-term impact to same-site NOI. Ultimately, however, the revitalization of irreplaceable assets like The Boulevard will create significant net asset value. Separately, phase 1 of Grand Parkway in Houston is just about complete and the final anchor box in Phase 2 is now leased. The Boulevard and Grand Parkway represent just two examples of our robust pipeline of development and redevelopment opportunities. Our third core principle is to maintain a well-positioned balance sheet that enables us to support our growth initiatives and let our shareholders sleep comfortably at night. Glenn and his team continuously seek opportunities to improve our already solid capital structure and healthy liquidity position. Specifically, they have successfully extended our debt maturity profile, judiciously tapped the preferred equity market, and refinanced existing mortgage debt at favorable terms. Furthermore, as our NOI growth accelerates, we expect our debt metrics will continue to improve. Finally, let me take a moment to update you on our Puerto Rico portfolio. First and foremost, our employees on the island are safe and have performed herculean efforts in helping other team members, some of who have lost homes and in spearheading our cleanup and restoration efforts. In particular, I would like to thank Victor Aguilar [ph] for leading our team in the face of enormous logistical, physical and emotional challenges. Conditions on the island are now improving. Fuel shortages are easing and grid power is gradually being restored. Fortunately, none of our seven assets sustained major structural damage. And comprehensive restoration plans are being implemented at each of our sites. Tenants continue to reopen, and many of our anchor tenants are now open for business. In closing, our leasing volume continues at a record pace. Our occupancy is pushing toward all-time high and continues to validate the quality of our portfolio. Our pipeline of development and redevelopment projects is now starting to deliver. And our balance sheet remains the source of strength. Our team is determined to make our 2020 Vision a reality. I firmly believe that for Kimco, the best is yet to come. And now, I will turn the call over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. While the acquisition environment remains uber-competitive for infill shopping centers with upside and value-creation potential, we continue to pick our spots recycling the disposition proceeds from non-core properties into irreplaceable, Signature Series assets with the long-term redevelopment opportunities. The third quarter was quite active as we enhanced the quality of our portfolio and strengthened the concentration of assets in our primary markets. During last quarter’s call we announced the Jantzen Beach acquisition in Portland, Oregon, a dominant 67-acre center with substantially below market leases and both near and long-term prospects for value-creation and redevelopment. We continue to mine our assets for growth and expansion opportunities and added adjacent parcels to several assets in the third quarter. We accretively acquired an unowned parcel Jantzen Beach in addition to boxes that are Webster Square asset in Nashua New Hampshire and Gateway Station in Burleson, Texas. Subsequent to the end of Q3, we purchased Whittwood Town Center, a dominant West Coast asset. Whittwood is a 787,000 square foot grocery anchored property located on 54 acres in Whittier, California, a densely populated suburb of Los Angeles. It is anchored by Target, Vons Supermarket, Sears, J.C. Penney, Kohl’s, 24 Hour Fitness and others. Our traction to the site includes irreplaceable real estate and impressive demographics. The substantial upside is what we envision for the future. Collectively, the below market leases of Kohl’s, J.C. Penney’s and Sears have an aggregate mark-to-market spread of 560%. The anchor leases including Target average $3.01 per square foot versus a market rent in excess of $10 per square foot. The $123 million purchase price was funded with 1031 exchange proceeds and $43 million loan assumption of in place debt. With the addition of Whittwood, Kimco now owns 25 assets in Los Angeles, adding to the significant scale we have in this market and further leveraging our Southern California regional offices. In terms of disposition activity, we remain on track, selling five non-core assets for $62 million at a mid-7% cap rate. This brings our sales total for the first nine months of 2017 to 21 shopping centers and three land parcels for a gross price of $331 million. We have another 19 assets, either under contract or with price agreement for a total of approximately $185 million, much of which we expect to close by year-end. The market remains strong for our products, especially those properties with value-add components. This quarter, we sold an asset in Joplin, Missouri with a strong junior anchor line up and one box vacancy to a local buyer. We had seven offers for that center. We also now have price agreement for a power center in the secondary market of North Carolina with 14 offers for that asset. Bidders in the secondary markets have generally consisted of local buyers with private equity backing, private REITs and opportunity funds. Debt is still readily available for reputable sponsors at extremely attractive rates. We remain confident in our ability to execute on our strategy of pruning the non-core asset from the portfolio. And given the current cost of capital, our expectation is that we will sell substantially more than we will acquire in 2018. Glenn will now walk you through the financial results.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. We are happy to report positive third quarter results from our open-air shopping center portfolio as we continue to execute on all operating fronts. Leasing was strong, leading to increased occupancy, development and redevelopment projects continue to progress, and our balance sheet and liquidity position improved as a result of our capital markets activity. For the third quarter, we reported NAREIT-defined FFO per diluted share of $0.39, which includes $0.03 per share of foreign currency gain on the substantial liquidation of our Canadian investments. Also included is a $0.02 per share charge attributable to the preferred stock redemption, prepayment of bonds, and some land impairments. NAREIT-defined FFO per share for the third quarter last year was $0.18 per diluted share and included transactional expenses totaling $0.20 per share from the early repayment of debt and the deferred tax valuation resulting from the merger of our taxable REIT subsidiary into the REIT. FFO as adjusted which excludes transactional increment expense and non-operating impairments was $161.3 million with $0.38, the same per share level as last year’s third quarter. Our NOI increased $7.4 million compared to the same quarter last year and was offset primarily by lower tax benefit from our TRS merger last year. During the quarter, we moved Phase 1 of our Grand Parkway development project into the operating real estate line as occupancy is approaching 90%. Grand Parkway provided $1.6 million of NOI during the third quarter. It’s important to keep in mind that we have over $360 million invested in development projects which are not earning today, thus impacting our FFO growth in the short-term. These development projects will begin slowing in stages in the latter half of 2018 and into 2019. Our operating portfolio continues to deliver positive results. Same-site NOI growth was 3.1% for the third quarter and includes negative 20 basis points impact from redevelopments. For the nine months, same-site NOI growth was 1.7%. With no incremental contribution from redevelopments as we have started a similar number of new redevelopment projects to those that have been completed. The Boulevard redevelopment project, Conor mentioned, is an example of this. Taking into account our year-to-date same-site NOI performance, we are revising our full year same-site NOI growth assumption to 1.5% to 2% from the previous 2% to 3% range. This is primarily due to the timing of contributions from redevelopment projects, the 320 basis-point spread between leases executed versus rent commencement, and the expected business interruption in the fourth quarter at our seven Puerto Rico assets due to Hurricane Maria. Although our insurance will cover the substantial portion of lost rent [ph] and physical damage, the timing of payment covering business interruption is not expected to be received in the fourth quarter. It was a very active quarter on the balance sheet front. We issues $850 million in unsecured bonds, $500 million at 3.3% and $350 million at 4.45% with a weighted average life of 16.7 years. We completed the $206 million refinancing of the mortgage at our Tustin property with a new 13-year mortgage at a reduced rate of 4.15% versus 6.9% previously and issued $225 million of perpetual preferred stock at a coupon of 5 and 8. [Ph] Proceeds from the bond and preferred offerings we used to redeem $225 million of 6% preferred, $211 million of our 4.3% bonds due in 2018 and to repay the outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility. As a result of these transactions, our weighted average debt maturity now stands at 10.8 years, one of the longest in the REET industry. We have over $2 billion of immediate liquidity with less than $100 million of debt maturing in 2018. Our balance sheet and liquidity position are in excellent shape. Let me spend a moment on 2017 guidance. Based on our nine-month results of NAREIT-defined FFO per diluted share of $1.17 and our FFO as adjusted per diluted share of $1.13, we are narrowing our guidance range for NAREIT-defined FFO to $1.55 to $1.56 per diluted share from the previous range of $1.53 to $1.57 per share. Similarly, we are narrowing our FFO as adjusted per diluted share guidance range to $1.51 to $1.52 from the previous range of $1.50 to $1.54. We are pleased to announce that based on our 2017 performance and expectations for 2018, our Board of Directors has approved an increase in the common stock quarterly cash dividend to $0.28 per share from $0.27, an increase of 3.7%. The increased dividend level represents a conservative and safe dividend payout ratio in the low 70s area and based on the current share price, the dividend yield of 6%. We will provide 2018 guidance on our next earnings call. As a reminder, our initial 2018 NAREIT-defined guidance will not include any transactional income or expenses. Our NAREIT-defined FFO per share range and our FFO as adjusted per share range will be the same at the start of the year and will only differ upon completion of specifically identified transactional events. And with that, we’d be happy to answer your questions.
David Bujnicki: We are ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. To make the Q&A more efficient, you may ask a question with one additional follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to rejoin the queue. Francesca, you can take our first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: I was wondering, when I look at the total -- the GLA size of both Whittwood and the Jantzen Beach, I just wondered if there is a different way of underwriting these very large centers. Are there different opportunities you see here and what are the risks you consider when you make these purchases?
Ross Cooper: Yes. No, absolutely. We’re underwriting several opportunities at both properties. And we really believe that the size of these assets gives us the ability to create substantial value. When you look at Jantzen, you have several undeveloped outparcels that are immediate near-term upside opportunities and then you have the below market leases there that give you the opportunity longer term. Both assets we think have very similar attributes and that longer term, we think that there is additional density that can be added. At the Whittwood shopping center, we’ve already started the process with the municipality of master planning the entire asset, and we began that process while we were going to the loan assumption process. So, given the size of the 54 acres in Los Angeles, the surrounding density and the initial positive reception that we’ve had from the city, we think that that’s a very viable strategy. When you look at the anchors that we have at Whittwood, while we do have several large tenants there that will have to be moved around or replaced in time once we have that liquidity and the site, we think that it’s prude in advance to really start that process, the master planning. And when you look at specifically Sears and J.C. Penny, those are opportunities that we think at the appropriate time that we can move forward with a negotiation and recapture of those spaces. So, we think that the size and the below-market leases and the tenants that we’re dealing with, give a lot of upside opportunity.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And are you seeing the appetite increase from the big box junior anchor category or is it pretty much been where it’s been from the past year?
Conor Flynn: On the big box demand side, it’s definitely -- it’s probably pretty consistent across the board. It’s really the junior boxes with the off-price that are continuing to really thrive and want to expand the store count aggressively. That’s where we see the most demand.
Operator: The next question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy: Just in Puerto Rico, what percentage of your rents and recoveries are you not actually collecting today, and when would you expect business interruption proceeds to start to kick in? And then, just bigger picture, what’s your view of the longer term impact of this event on sort of the retailing business in Puerto Rico and thinking about kind of the longer term viability of these centers as well as on the value of commercial property on the island?
Glenn Cohen: So, in terms of the rents, so [indiscernible] from Puerto Rico makes up about 3% of rents. So, it’s about $32 million a year, $8 million for the fourth quarter. Our guess is, you might have 25% of that that might be at risk for collection as we still evaluate what’s happening on the island. As Conor mentioned, tenants are opening, but again, small shop tenants are still evaluating and we’ll have to see how and when that rent starts flowing again. So, we think there is a risk of couple of million dollars there. And that represents roughly a 100 basis points of same-site NOI for the fourth quarter, which would equate to about 25 basis points of same-site impact for the full year. We are still evaluating what’s going to happen. In terms of the proceeds, you have to first put your claim in. Claims would probably start getting paid 60 days after those claims are in. But, we haven’t filed any business interruption claims yet because we are still evaluating it. You need to get the full picture before you start putting the claims in. So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, I don’t expect that will have claims paid to us really in the fourth quarter, will start recouping the business interruption part of it in 2018.
Christy McElroy: And then, just your longer term view on Puerto Rico and business there and real estate value?
Conor Flynn: I think Puerto Rico, longer term, they have a very manageable retail per capita when you look at the island. So, when you look at the rebound of hopefully the island’s recovery, it really will tie back to how quickly they can get the grid back up and running, how quickly they can get services and really power to the entire island. Clearly, everybody has been seeing in the news and we have been working hard in getting our grocery stores and our home improvement anchors open as quickly as possible. But longer term, you are going to have to wait and see in terms of really what kind of impact it has on the population and really how many people move back after the island gets stabilized.
Ross Cooper: Again, keep in mind who the tenants are in our centers, which is important. It’s really everyday goods and services, it’s discounters, some Home Depots, some Kmarts. It’s really everyday goods and services, which is what really drives the island.
Christy McElroy: Right. And then, just second question, Ross. You mentioned about selling substantially more in 2018 than you are buying. How do you think about executing on that from a tax efficiency perspective and would proceeds go more toward paying down debt or supplementing sort of free cash flow in funding the redevelopment expense?
Ross Cooper: Yes. I think it will be a combination of both. We haven’t definitively finalized the exact capital plan, but the expectation is that we would probably look to acquire no more than $200 million next year and then sell certainly in excess of that. So, it will depend on which assets ultimately get solved in the basis for each one, but we are working very closely with our tax group to make sure that we manage that efficiently. But the expectation would certainly be to use that -- to delever as well as fund the rest of the business.
Conor Flynn: We have full ability to shelter the gains within our whole framework. So, it’s not -- we’re not required necessarily, have to do 1031 exchanges and buy more assets. We can absorb a pretty substantial amount of gains as we go through the year. That would change the composition of what our dividend will look like. You have probably a lot less return of capital and more capital gain component to it, but there is plenty of capacity for us to absorb gains.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Metz of BMO. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: In terms of the reduced same-store NOI guidance, lease [ph] economic occupancy gap is one of items that seems to miss expectations here in state [ph] wider than you had anticipated. I am just wondering what your timing expectations are now as we hear today for this narrowing? And as we look at the 3Q number, obviously you seem to get a benefit on the expense side, I assume this is maybe a tax reversal. Was this anticipated when you held the range last quarter?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean, we have some tax refunds that came through that were specific to us that helped drive that. And you also have -- you do have an increase in the NOI line in total from it, so revenue increase as well, so yes. But, when you look forward, again, we do expect as we go into 2018 that that 320 basis-point gap between economy and lease occupancy will start to shrink, and that is part of the driver. We have been doing a lot of leasing but we have also -- they have been matching up. So, we haven’t shrunk that number. That number is growing; it was 200 basis points to spread this time last year, now it’s 320.
Conor Flynn: The other piece to it, just to keep in mind, is obviously the hurricane had a pretty big impact on our Puerto Rico portfolio, which had a negative impact on our same-site NOI. So that’s something that unforeseen and we continue to try and manage that.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. And then, when you think about also the guidance that 2% to 3% range that we had, if you break it down, redevelopments in the high end of the number and that 3% had 40 basis points in it. So, as we reported, right now redevelopments have had zero impact. We haven’t earned anything from that. So that’s at the high end, down by 40 basis points. You have as I mentioned, 25 basis points reduction from Puerto Rico that was not anticipated. There is about another 15 to 20 basis points that relates to the timing of the rent commencements. And then, on the high end, if you recall, our credit loss was 75 to 100 basis points. So, on the high end at the 3% level, we only had 75 basis points of credit loss in that number, and we are running closer to the 100 basis points. So, if you take a look at those components, you are going to reconcile down to how we got down to 2% for the year.
Conor Flynn: And just to add on The Boulevard and Staten Island, those entitlements that we secured had a bigger negative impact on pulling down the same-site NOI because we got it earlier than anticipated. So longer term, it’s a big benefit but shorter term, clearly, the same site NOI is reduced a little bit.
Jeremy Metz: And then, switching gears to my second question here. The question for you, Conor, I don’t if Ray is on the line with us, but can you talk about Albertsons a little bit, the recent filings for a sale leaseback, which I think was for about 70 properties and a little over $700 million? What this means in terms of your ability to monetize your position, could we see additional sales leasebacks going forward as the venture looks to take some chips off the table? Any color here would be great.
Ray Edwards: Sure. Hi. This is Ray. The sale leaseback was announced $720 million, which is supposed to close at the beginning of next week, the intention there is to delever the company. The company is looking at potential other smaller sale leasebacks, some other assets that they have -- some distribution centers that as they merge the company, they are becoming available as way to generate some proceeds, to pay down debt and help by delevering the company to make it more marketable company as we keep [indiscernible] and hope that markets change to have a public offering. So it’s all focused on improving the balance sheet of the Company and so maybe focus on that as we drive the business.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Hill of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: Hey, guys. This is Ronald Kamdem on for Richard Hill. I just had two quick questions. The first is just going back, can you just walk us through what drives the variability in lease compressions? Presumably, our understanding is that the contracts have a fixed start date. So, if you can just maybe just help us understand what instances can drive that variability that would be pretty helpful.
Dave Jamieson: Sure. Yes. This is Dave Jamieson. With anchored tenants and junior anchor boxes as they are going through the permitting process, there are tender dates and where we complete our work and we tender it over to this tenant. There is a permitting window that the tenants go through as well for their right to complete their box. Sometimes depending on the use and depending on what you are doing specifically to that box may add some additional time to that permitting process, which may delay their variability to open and impact the RCD [ph]. That said, it doesn’t necessarily increase the cost on our side of the equation. But, those are some of the variables that set in. Sometimes, for example, you may have to go for a parking variance in which this city then you have work through that entitlement. So, those are couple of the components that can drive an impact the open date itself.
Ronald Kamdem: And then, my second question was, just so we understand the impact on Puerto Rico correctly. So, am I thinking about it right that presumably this should be a boost same-site as we are thinking about 2018 when you do get the business interruptions? Thank you.
Dave Jamieson: Yes. Short and sweet, yes. I mean, as soon as the business interruption claims commence, it’s rent that’s collected that we are not collecting now.
Glenn Cohen: Right. Remember, same-site NOI is on a cash basis.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: So, on Puerto Rico, the 25% of rent at risk, given that your properties are mostly up and running, at least that’s what it sounds like. [Technical Difficulty] What was the cause of that? Is that tenants just decided to stop paying rent, is it damage, or is it the fact that maybe these smaller tenants, they don’t have their own insurance, which is causing some of this?
Glenn Cohen: Well, you have few things. The larger anchored tenants have generators that are up and running, so that’s how they are able to run their stores. The smaller shops, which is about half the rent that comes from all the tenants at the seven properties, a lot of them don’t have generators, a lot of them are smaller -- small store businesses where quite candidly some of them lost their homes. So, we are still evaluating just how much of that is missing. So, we are trying to be realistic about what we have. We know half of our rents is coming from small shops base. So, we are making an estimate that some portion of that, as much as 50% of that could be potentially at risk during the fourth quarter. Now, again, most of it will be covered by business interruption insurance. But more importantly, we’d like to get the tenants back open and running so that they can provide their goods and services to the communities.
Conor Flynn: Yes. And just to add some color to that, on the anchor boxes, they are all -- our largest boxes are open and operating. We have two Kmarts that are fully functioning, Sam’s Clubs; we have two Home Depot, we have two Costco [ph] amongst our seven properties. The big guys are opening and they are obviously providing very necessary services during this restoration process. As it relates to the small shops, it does vary site-by-site. Three of our centers which have a substantial majority of those small shops already open and operating, but to Glenn’s point, power itself is intermittent because it’s based on generators and/or if there is some restoration power to the grid, it does vary time-to-time as we know the conditions in Puerto Rico still remain very difficult. So, we will continue to see that improved, but for now, we want to take more cautious approach.
Ki Bin Kim: And a quick one here. Business insurance -- interruption insurance, does that cover for one year or is that for duration of the lease?
Glenn Cohen: Well, we have a blanketed policy. So, in total, we have coverage upto $39 million of business interruption. So, in theory, in Puerto Rico, you could lose every single tenant for the entire year and we would be covered.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And just last question here on your same-store NOI guidance. If I look back at what it was originally and what it is today, for the fourth quarter with adjusted guidance it’s probably about 1% you are saying maybe 50 a 100 basis points came from Puerto Rico. So maybe at the high end 2% but still feels like versus original guidance, which was probably the mid 3s or higher, feels like a pretty material drop off. I know you’ve talked about couple of different items, I might have swung it. But, just curious, what was maybe unexpected change in leasing or timing of occupancy that led to the guidance decrease?
Glenn Cohen: Well, just go back a minute. The estimate that we have for Puerto Rico is that in the fourth quarter, it impacts you by about 100 basis points. Based on our forecast, we still have at the midpoint of our range that the fourth quarter would be 1.75% of same-site NOI growth. If you added Puerto Rico back, you’d be at 2.75. And again, as I mentioned, you do have some impact from the timing of the rent commencement. So, if you put all that back to get it to a more original guidance, you’d be in that 3% range, similar to where we were in the third quarter.
Conor Flynn: And the other piece of it is the island development, redevelopment that we announced that again, we secure entitlements that we could start the project, which has again a little bit of hit on the same-site NOI in the short term but longer term, it’s a Signature Series asset that we are excited to get going on.
Operator: Next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O’ Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. Two questions. First, obviously we’ve been in a period of time for depressed cost capital, depressed stock prices. I understand that Whittier was a 1031 exchange, don’t know if your dynamics would have changed, if you were to undertake that underwriting today versus when you originally did. But, as you guys talk about mixed use projects and different external investments, even if you are sourcing it from dispositions, where your stock is trading or now year decline in the stock prices? Does that at all affect how you guys think about the external side or is it independent because as long as you can fund it from dispositions you’re agnostic?
Conor Flynn: Yeah. The short answer is yes. The cost of capital is definitely -- has an impact on our evaluation of future investment opportunities. When we look at Whittwood and Jantzen, those were deals that were both put under contracts early in the year, March and April. So, obviously, we had hoped that by this point of the year, cost of capital to be different than where it is today. So that being said, we are very excited about those two assets and we did utilize the dispositions to fund those. But on a go forward basis, the expectation is that without a substantial change in that cost of capital, our external investment will be significantly lower.
Alexander Goldfarb: And then, the second question is just again the classic -- I know, you guys aren’t giving 2018 but still given the questions around same-store NOI, as we think about the next round of store closings, toys [ph] or pick your favorite one. How should we be thinking about 2018 as far as, because the re-leasing spread seems fine. So, it seems more like the risk is on store closings and timing to backfill. So, as you guys think about the same-store NOI construct, how much of it do you think is in that cushion part that would be affected by store closings? Is 100 basis points, is it more than that 150 for next year? What are your initial thoughts as you speak to the tenants today?
Glenn Cohen: First of all, we are still going through our own budget process and we are still evaluating where we think real potential risk is of store closures. We have been running this 75 to 100 basis-point look in terms of credit loss. So that’s in those areas that we are evaluating. But I think overall when we look at the portfolio and where we are at the occupancy level and things that we see online, we do expect that same-site NOI growth will be higher next year than where we are today.
Conor Flynn: Yes, I think that’s right. I mean, if you look at our portfolio, if you look at really the targets for next year and we do still have a very large spread between physical and economic occupancy. We do anticipate that the credit loss will be similar to this year. So, that is something that we will probably keep consistent next year.
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: Dissimilar to what Jeremy had asked before on the lease which is occupied, but I know we have the rent commencements to the prior -- the Sports Authority box is to be a tailwind to growth next year. But just -- when you look at those rent commencements, I mean, when do the majority of those roll through? I know you had 20 boxes that have been leased up. At this point, are we talking -- is this more of a second half event for next year?
Dave Jamieson: For the one that we leased in the beginning of this year and towards the end of 2016 itself, you will start to see them flowing at the very end of this year and into the beginning part of 2018 as well. And so, from there, it will just gradually build and progress throughout the course of 2018.
Samir Khanal: And then, I guess, the next question for me is on the acquisition that you did with Whittwood. I know, there is some opportunity to release some of the department store boxes. But, I guess at this point, is this for a short-term event or is it more of a -- when do you expect to get those boxes back, how much term is left on those leases?
Ross Cooper: Yes. One of the anchor leases is within our 10-year hold that they expire with no further options. The other large anchors o have a little bit of further term anywhere from 16 to 20 years, in total. But I would assume that those tenants would be in place through the end of all their option periods. We have had some success with recapturing Sears, Kmart boxes in advance and they are typically pretty opportunistic about that, if they get economic deal that makes sense. So, our expectation is that by the time we really go through the master plan process and deal with the entitlements with the city that we will be in a position to approach those tenants if they’re active at t he site in order to recapture sooner. So, we think it’s a nice opportunity that gives us the occupancy and the income in the short-term, but when we are ready we’ll approach them and we think there will be some respectability to that on the tenants’ part.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vincent Chao: I just want to go back to Puerto Rico here on the $32 million of NOI annually that’s at risk. Does that include all income including ancillary income and any percentage rents you might be getting and are those two categories also covered by business interruption?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. So, it does include ancillary income; it does not include percentage rent. Percentage rent is just an additive component of that. As it relates to business interruption insurance, it would include that. If you have historic performance that identifies the type of income you would have received otherwise prior to an event, then you have a case in which you can claim business interruption insurance.
Vincent Chao: Okay. And then, just in terms of the small shop tenants that are struggling little bit more obviously, do you have sense at this point of how many of them might just simply close shop as opposed to trying to reopen? I mean, obviously, if they choose to leave, then obviously, I would assume that there is no business interruption in that case.
Conor Flynn: It’s still too early to tell. I think that most of the small shops that’s their livelihood and they are racing to try and to keep those stores back open as quickly as possible, and that’s the response we’ve heard from our team on the ground there that everybody is working as hard as possible to get their stores back open.
Vincent Chao: Okay. And maybe just one last one if I might, just on the Whittwood. Just looking at some disclosures from DDR there, it seems like this is sort of a low four cap going in. Is that more or less correct?
Conor Flynn: It’s in the low 5s.
Vincent Chao: Low 5s?.
Conor Flynn: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Olsen [ph] of RBC. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one question now. What the same-store NOI with redevelopments that was lower than -- lower than what the [technical difficulty] developments. When do you expect that to reverse?
Conor Flynn: We should start to see some benefit during 2018. That’s when -- we will put full guidance together and report on that in February with our call. But, I would expect that you are going to start seeing some benefit in 2018.
Unidentified Analyst: And it sounds like earlier first half, second half?
Conor Flynn: It’s probably more towards the second half and then into 2019.
Glenn Cohen: We will know better once we finish up our budgeting process and we can report to you in February.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Mueller of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Just wanted to try to get a little more color on the term substantial that you used to talk about asset sales. And I understand that you don’t want to put numbers around, it’s still early, you’re going through budgeting. But, I mean, you are a big company. And can you give us some sort of sense, is substantial, is it a couple of hundred million you are thinking, north of what you could acquire, is it a 1 billion, just how substantial are you thinking this could be for 2018?
Ross Cooper: Yes. It’s still a little bit up in the air in terms of our definitive strategy. It does go in tandem with our budgeting process. So, we evaluate each asset in the portfolio and look at where the growth is coming from, where the risks are. So, it would be a little premature to give you definitive number. But, as I mentioned, if the expectation is that we will probably be targeting around 200 million of acquisitions, we think that it will be certainly in excess of that. At what magnitude, we’re really not certain yet.
Operator: The next question is from Vince Tibone of Green Street. Please go ahead.
Vince Tibone: Hey, guys. You mentioned you captured a few Kmart boxes this quarter. Can you talk about your philosophy of paying to get boxes back early versus just waiting for the tenant to close? And then, also, is the cost of recapturing that box included in the TIs or landlord work on the re-leasing spread page of your supplemental?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Just to clarify, the two that we have recaptured this quarter, those are natural lease expirations, no options expiring. So, we didn’t pay anything to get those back. And within both of those, one was in actually in our island projects, so that’s part of major redevelopment; the other one was in Los Angeles where we are currently splitting the box and adding in [indiscernible] as well for our Fairmont site, and then itself on the value creation component of splitting that box is part of our leasing cost number.
Vince Tibone: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, one more, can you quantify the exact drag on same-site from The Boulevard going forward for the next few quarters? And also, what incremental yield are you expecting to get on that project over your current in-place rent?
Glenn Cohen: So, in terms of the incremental yield for that, we are targeting anywhere from a 6% to 8% incremental yield on that and we are adding 100,000 square feet of retail as well. In terms of the same-site drag, have to report back to you on that one and we’ll make sure to follow up with you.
Operator: The next question is from Linda Tsai of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. In terms of the $62.5 million in dispositions, could you just give us more details about the four centers and then the mid 7 cap rate, is that reasonable level you expect going forward?
Conor Flynn: Yes. It is a combination when we look at our blend of 7.5. It’s probably on average, somewhere in the low to mid 7s as we see the rest of the assets that we have currently under contract. It’s really geographically the diverse. We sold one asset in Georgia, one asset in California. Several have grocery components; others are true power like the one in Joplin, Missouri. So, there really isn’t a trend. It’s just constantly evaluating the portfolio and pruning where we see risk or markets that we don’t anticipate continuing to operate in long term.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then, just on Albertsons, for the 71 stores. Do you have any sense of what the cap rate was for those?
Ray Edwards: It was somewhere in the mid 6s. It’s a broad spectrum of properties from California to Wyoming and Chicago.
Linda Tsai: And do you see that as representative of the overall portfolio?
Ray Edwards: Actually, it’s on the cap rate wise, probably a high cap rate, because they really kept out most of the most valuable properties from the sale leaseback, the middle of the road properties and sale leaseback.
Operator: The next question is from Nick Yulico of UBS. Please go ahead.
Greg McGinniss: This is Greg McGinniss on for Nick. Just thinking about closing that occupancy gap you have, the redevelopment redelivering, no Puerto Rico impact, could we potentially be seeing same-store NOI in the 4% range next year?
Glenn Cohen: We are still running through our full budgets, but we’re fairly comfortable that it will be higher than the current year.
Greg McGinniss: And then, with the dispositions, I know you’ve commented a little bit on it but is there any thought as to how much FFO dilution you’re willing to absorb?
Ross Cooper: Yes, it’s a good question. It’s all part of our budgeting process and our capital planning. But, we will certainly take that into consideration when we finalize the number and put out our guidance in February.
Operator: The next question is from Christy McElroy of Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman: Hey. It’s Michael Bilerman here with Christy. I was wondering if you can talk about sort of capital allocation in the sense match funding and whether you are going to have a different cadence going forward? And clearly, you have talked about going into contract on Jantzen and Whittwood early in the year. And given that assuming your deposits that you had and the relationship on the seller side, you didn’t feel something you wanted to back away from or get out of. But, at the same time, it’s hurting [ph] your balance sheet, while I know have done a great job of pushing that term and lowering the cost. Your debt to EBITDA has eased up half a turn over the last year. So, would you think about if -- putting your stock price aside, trying to make sure that maybe you fund potential acquisitions early so that you are not in this quandary of having to close on transactions when your cost of capital -- you wouldn’t be doing these deals today, if they were presented to you, given where it is or you would see probably joint venture capital to do them? Can you talk a little bit sort of has this experience changed how you are going to approach external growth from a match funding perspective at the time you enter and go hard on the deal?
Conor Flynn: Yes. Absolutely, Michael, I think you raised good point that Ross has analyzed pretty deeply in his remarks. I think with our current cost of capital, we see ourselves being really -- the signal is clear that we should be a net seller next year and that’s what we anticipate to do. Because of the loan assumption process on Whittwood, we obviously felt that when we put the project under contract versus where we are today, it was a different situation. Going forward, we do see that we want to make sure that we prioritize our balance sheet, prioritize our net debt EBITDA going forward. And that’s why we will continue to probably sell more and really just focus on adjacent parcels in the next year that will probably lend itself to future redevelopment projects. But going forward, we do see ourselves being a net seller for next year where our current cost of capital sits.
Michael Bilerman: Can you help me understand a little bit, why you wouldn’t have brought in institutional capital into the types of deals? [Technical Difficulty] willing pay these of cap rates for large power centers, especially given Glenn’s comment about next year sales. Glenn said that there was plenty of room to absorb any gains without the need to do 1031 and just absorb it within the common dividend. So, I sort of struggle a little bit that one of the reasons here you’ve been giving for these two big deals as well they were 1031s while you could have pushed more of your common dividend to capital gain [Technical Difficulty] and brought in a large institution to co-invest with you in these assets?
Conor Flynn: Yes, it’s a good point. I mean, we look at our JV platform as one that we can tap into, when appropriate, and it maybe that time again in the near future. We looked at these assets as ones that again we thought were perfect fit for the quality of and upgrading the portfolio and continue to see that as these assets we think are really gems longer term as they lend themselves to West Lakes, we’ve created a lot of NAV. But going forward to your point, I mean there is that opportunity; we really do respect and admire our JV partners and know that they want to do more with us. So, we do have that card to play and we will look at that going forward?
Michael Bilerman: Would cap rates be different, if you were too get on these assets today, they’ve expanded 50 basis points since March and April?
Ross Cooper: I really don’t believe so. Especially when you look at Whittwood, I mean the process that is being run by the sellers was one where we have a fantastic relationship with them, given our prior joint venture partnership and it was really a negotiated deal. And we think that it’s one that was well negotiated on our part, clearly made sense for the seller as well but we think it was a good deal for both sides. And I think that had a mass market, a very similar price if not a more aggressive price could have been found in the marketplace.
Conor Flynn: We haven’t really seen cap rates move at all for the really high-quality assets like Jantzen and Whittwood, it’s a very competitive market for those types of deals with significant value creation opportunities in the best markets and that’s really where we’ve been focusing and picking our spots.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Lucas of Capital One Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Glenn, a quick one for you. You took out more than half of the 6% preferred and there is still remaining. What’s your plans for the remainder of that and why didn’t you fully redeem out that $400 million preferred?
Glenn Cohen: At the right time, we’ll redeem the balance of those 6% preferred. Again, we are trying to balance total look through of consolidated net-debt-to-EBITDA including it with preferreds. And when we went to the market, we went with a very aggressive rate, 5 and 8 [ph] rate was a pretty aggressive. So, we took out what we could get done at that point. I mean, we clearly got to the debt market and replace it at a lower rate but that’s just going to put more pressure on consolidated net-debt-to-EBITDA. So, we will take it out at an opportunistic point.
Chris Lucas: Okay. I appreciate that. And then, just going back to the prior comments, as it relates to the disposition environment, I guess one question would be, what are the characteristics of the stuff that you are looking to put on the market for sale for next year and how is the market receptivity for those kinds of assets? You talked about high-quality assets still getting a pretty competitive bid but what about more middling or lower quality assets and what should be expecting in terms of the quality of the portfolio of properties that you are looking to dispose of next year?
Ross Cooper: Yes. As we have continued to call the portfolio, even the tier 2 asset that we look to dispose of are of a higher quality, generally speaking than previously. So, it will be a combination of assets where we continue to see longer term risk in the asset, even if there is stability today, trying to take a longer term approach on our portfolio management and seeing which assets we believe have a longer term opportunity to redevelop or create value or if the highest and best use is a stable retail center, then it may be the time to capitalize on the fact that there still is a viable market to exit these assets. So, the reception to these assets we have been marketing generally has been strong. I mentioned the two examples in Missouri and in North Carolina where we had 7 and 14 bids, respectively. So, I think for higher quality assets, particularly if there is some vacancy or perceived upside to the buyer, there is plenty of capital that’s still excited about investing in that. And then, we will take a look at some of the higher quality assets that are flat longer term and see if it makes sense to monetize today.
Operator: Our final question is from Tammi Fique of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Tammi Fique: Hi. Now that a little time is left, have you had any new discussions with Whole Foods and has Amazon’s involvement changed, their appetite for new stores or the redevelopment of existing stores?
Conor Flynn: Yes. We have been actively engaged in Whole Foods, obviously prior to the acquisition, we had all noticed I think it stalled a little bit, but they are very much on the expansion, looking for new opportunities to expand. In terms of how they utilize, Amazon will utilize the Whole Foods locations, they still keep things very close with us. So, it’s yet to be seen. I think we all have opinions and there is a number of opportunities in which they could do it in the four walls. But, to our benefit, they are absolutely actively looking to expand in the market.
Tammi Fique: Okay, great. And then, my follow-up question is, understanding that you are sensitive to leverage level, but with additional asset sales expected next year, where do share repurchases rank versus sort of other uses of that capital.
Glenn Cohen: Well, again, share repurchases put pressure on leverage metric and debt to EBITDA. So first and foremost, we want to bring our leverage levels down to the targets that we planned for before you’d start getting to share repurchases. Don’t forget also, we still have a fairly significant redevelopment pipeline that has pretty significant yields to it, even where the implied price of the stock is today. So, we have uses of capital, but first and foremost is to bring leverage levels to the point where we want that.
Conor Flynn: I think the share buyback is constantly being discussed and at these levels, we need to make sure that our debt levels don’t come under pressure, but we do see it as something we’ll continue to monitor.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thank you very much and thank you for everybody that joined our call today. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - Senior Vice President Conor Flynn - Chief Executive Officer Ross Cooper - President and Chief Investment Officer Glenn Cohen - Chief Financial Officer Dave Jamieson - Chief Operating Officer Milton Cooper - Chairman Ray Edwards - EVP, Retailer Services
Analysts: Paul Morgan - Canaccord Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Christy McElroy - Citi Wes Golladay - RBC Samir Khanal - Evercore ISI Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O' Neill Haendel Juste - Mizuho Securities USA Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood Linda Tsai - Barclays Michael Bilerman - Citi
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Kimco Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning is Conor Flynn, Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, CFO; and Dave Jamieson, our Chief Operating Officer; as well as other members of our executive team, including Milton and Ray Edwards. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking. It is important to note that the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company’s SEC filings to address these factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are also available on our website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone. Today I will provide an overview of our strong second quarter performance and share some perspective on the direction of retailing and retail real estate and how Kimco's strategy is designed to thrive in this period of change. We'll also then report on our quarterly transaction activity and describe the overall market environment. Finally, Glenn will provide details on key metrics and our increase to 2017 guidance. I think it is fair to say that the debate surrounding the debt of physical retail is over. The Amazon-Whole Foods transaction, Alibaba's growing grocery concept in China, Walmart's quick-and-collect Pickup Discount program integrated with Jet.com, and Target’s flex format Express, all point to a vibrant, albeit different-looking retail real estate world. In this new world odder, omni-channel is the new normal, and that is where the retail barrels will take place. Those that embrace and master the omni-channel approach that combine technology, social media and physical real estate will thrive. Those that ignore it will do so at their own peril. Omni-channel is a win-win for the retail sector. For the consumer, it provides convenience, lower prices and optionality. For the retailer, it provides opportunity to reach more customers, generate add-on sales upon pick up, reduce shipping costs and limit the number of returns. Physical retail has a large role to play in this effort to bring the best shopping experience for the customer, especially as retailers continue to explore different ways to overcome the last-mile challenge. And let's not forget that notwithstanding the changes and challenges that confront retail, off-price, grocery, home improvement, fitness, beauty and other service retailers continue to thrive in this environment.
S2 waves (07:02),: As our second quarter results demonstrate, our approach is working. Our operating metrics evidence the strength of our transformed portfolio that drives recurring FFO and dividend growth. Our bi-design concentrated portfolio in the top markets is validation that even in uncertain times high-quality retail real estate is still very much in demand. Our leasing volume year-to-date is the highest in our company's storied history, as we work diligently to stay ahead of the changing retail landscape. We executed 26 new anchor spaces this quarter and leased four former Sports Authority boxes. Occupancy increased 20 basis points from the first quarter and the blended spread on new leases and renewals of 10.5% shows the embedded growth in demand for our portfolio. We would not have been able to produce these results if we had not undertaken the strategic dispositions of the past few years to strengthen the Kimco portfolio. Our transformation efforts are paying off as we see significant demand from our diverse tenant base that desire the best locations with the most compelling demographics. While the transformed portfolio continues to see high demand from retailers, it is the advancement of our Signature Series development and redevelopment projects that may be the most exciting aspects of our future growth. Progress continues across the entire Signature Series pipeline as we remain leaser-focused on delivering on these building blocks of long-term growth. Just this quarter, we signed over 400,000 square feet of new leases in our development pipeline. This activity produces real visibility into our future growth. Significant anchor executions had a Fort Lauderdale Dania Beach project bring Phase 1 pre-leasing to over 75% complete. In addition, steel is going up on our two signature mixed-use projects in new replaceable locations: Lincoln Square in Center City, Philadelphia, and our Pentagon City project that sits right above the metro station. This quarter, we also cut the grand opening ribbon for Phase 1 of our Grand Parkway development. Grand Parkway is now over 80% leased and should start to generate significant cash flow in the fourth quarter. Phase 2 at Grand Parkway is also under construction and the combined project is running ahead of internal projections. National, regional and local tenants have opened in our reporting sales volumes that are well above average. We expect this trend to continue as the state matures and more tenants open for business.  In closing, while we are excited and confident about our future, we are not naïve about the changes in the retail landscape. We believe that physical store is critical to retailing success. But we also know that formats will change and that will require a significant effort to innovate and redevelop assets to meet demands of the future shopper. Kimco is up to the task. Having the right real estate, the right team and a strong balance sheet is why we believe Kimco is well positioned to deliver growth into the future.  And now I'll turn the call over to Ross. 
Ross Cooper: Thanks, Conor. Our second quarter investment activity as well as our activities subsequent to quarter end continued to reinforce the strong demand for well-located shopping centers in the United States. In this quarter, we sold nine centers and two land parcels for gross value of approximately $156 million of which Kimco’s share was $128 million. We were pleased with the volume of activity and pricing, which was at a lowest fixed blended cap rate with several of these assets selling in the 5% range and under the low end of our stated cap rate range. With these sales, we also completed our exit from two non-core states Maine and Louisiana. Year-to-date, the gross value of dispositions totaled $269 million with Kimco’s share at $194 million. Demand remained solid for quality assets, particularly those with the grocery component, even in the secondary markets, buyers range from private institutions, 1031 exchange buyers, pension funds and REITs, both public and private. Given the robust demand and pricing, we've increased our dispositions guidance to match our acquisition estimates of $300 million to $400 million for the year. Our investment strategy remains focused on the match funding of capital from dispositions into stronger properties in core markets with greater growth levels. Our Jantzen Beach acquisition is a prime example of this as we utilize $75 million in 1031 exchange proceeds to fund this acquisition. More importantly, we enhanced our ownership position in one of the premier coastal markets of Portland with a 67-acre asset that has several below-market leases and substantial redevelopment opportunities, including out-parcel expansion and mixed-use potential. Together with the flagship Jantzen Beach property, we now have eight centers and a local office providing a strong presence in the Portland market that creates significant operating efficiencies and economies of scale. We're also pleased to announce the recent acquisition of the Whole Foods and Sierra Trading Post parcels at our Del Monte Plaza in Reno, Nevada. With the acquisition, we now solidify our ownership of the only Whole Foods anchored center in Reno MSA with grocery sales in excess of $1,000 per square foot. Reno has seen an explosion of technological investments highlighted by Google's 1,200-acre purchase of land for a future data center, Tesla's 5 billion Gigafactory and Apple and Amazon factories. These developments have transformed the area and created a strong demand for both retail and additional residential development in the marketplace. As Conor mentioned in his remarks, we're seeing the benefits of our transformed portfolio and continue to look to build on the enormous progress we've made. At Kimco, we view quality as a safe and reliable income stream with potential to grow cash flow and ability to adapt with changing times. Out properties match these attributes more today than ever, and we'll continue to upgrade our property base accordingly. Glenn will now fill you in on the financial results.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. Our second quarter results present solid evidence than our company comprised of open-air shopping centers continues to perform well. The strength of our real estate portfolio continues to shine as we had another strong quarter led by our leasing activity, which produced positive double-digit leasing spreads and an increased occupancy level. We continue to execute on our redevelopment and development projects, which are about to start bearing fruit and remain confident in achieving our objectives for 2017 and beyond. Next, some additional color on our results. NAREIT-defined FFO was $0.41 per share for the second quarter, which includes $23.7 million of $0.05 per share from the equity-invested distribution received from our Albertsons investment, demonstrating our Plus business at work. We also recorded a $9.5 million impairment charge of $0.02 per share related to an accepted offer on undeveloped land parcel in Canada, which we expect to close by the end of the year. NAREIT FFO per share for the second quarter last year was $0.38 and included $0.01 per share from a preferred equity profit participation. FFO as adjusted, or recurring FFO, which excludes transactional income and expense in non-operating impairments was $160.7 million or $0.38 per share for the second quarter of 2017 compared to $155.5 million or $0.37 per share for the second quarter last year. Our operating team has been successfully executing on replacing the lost NOI from the Sports Authority bankruptcy, which totaled $4.8 million for this quarter. Today, we've signed leases for 15 of the vacated TSA boxes, have eight under LOI negotiations, sold one and have one remaining. Our performance continues to be impacted positively by the strategic initiatives we implemented in the third quarter, which has resulted in lower interest and income tax expense of $7.2 million collectively as compared to the same quarter last year. In addition, with the significant simplification of our business model and constant focus on cost containment, G&A expense was reduced by $2.7 million compared to the comparable quarter. Offsetting these positive factors was lower FFO contribution from joint ventures due to the sale of our Canadian asset and further consolidation of previous unconsolidated US assets. In addition, as Conor mentioned, our development projects are one of the key components of our future growth as we expect to achieve superior yield in NAV creation from these assets. To-date, we have invested over $420 million in our development pipeline, which is non-earn today and therefore causing a short-term drag on FFO growth.  However, beginning in the second half of 2017, we will start generating NOI and FFO from the recently-opened Grand Parkway project with other development projects expected to come online in the latter half of 2018 and during 2019. The operating portfolio continues to deliver positive results. Anchor occupancy was up 20 basis points from last quarter to 97.5% and small-shop occupancy increased another 10 basis points to 89.7% for total occupancy of 95.5%. New leasing spread remained strong at 17% and renewal and option exercise produced a positive leasing spread of 7.8%. Retail was clearly changing, but leasing spreads at these levels provides further evidence that the physical store continues to be an integral part of the retailer business model. Our same-site NOI growth came in at 30 basis points, including 20 basis points from redevelopment activity. As I mentioned on our previous earnings call, same-site NOI growth for the second quarter of 2017 was expected to be impacted negatively by the Sports Authority bankruptcy when compared to the same quarter last year, which it was by 210 basis points. Year-to-date same-site NOI growth is 1.2% and we expect stronger same-site NOI growth in the second half of the year. On the balance sheet front, we repaid $405 million of mortgage debt during the quarter and unencumbered an additional 19 assets, bringing our total number of unencumbered assets for 382. Additionally, as of April 1, 2017, we began consolidating a joint venture property in Tustin, California, as we now have expanded our control rights within the partnership agreement. As a result, we recorded the property at its fair value and recognized a $61 million gain on changing control, which is excluded from FFO, while consolidating its $206 million mortgage, which is scheduled to mature in November. We expect to refinance this mortgage at similar proceeds with a new 13-year term mortgage at a significantly lower rate in the current 6.9% level. Net debt-to-EBITDA as adjusted is 6.2 times, and when you include the earnings from our Albertsons investment, net debt to EBITDA is only 5.4 times. We finished the quarter with over $1.8 billion of availability in immediate liquidity, fixed charge coverage in the mid 3 times range and a weighted average debt maturity profile of 8.7 years, one of the longest in the REIT industry.  We're increasing our NAREIT FFO per share guidance range to $1.53 to $1.57 from the previous level of $1.52 to $1.54 incorporate the net transaction activity to-date. We're reaffirming our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range of the $1.50 to $1.54, which does not include any transactional income or expense. In addition, we're reaffirming our full year 2017 same-site NOI growth range of 2% to 3% and expect the year-end occupancy to be in the range of 95.8% to 96.2%.  Now for those of you who are looking ahead to model 2018 FFO, please keep in mind that we will not include any transactional income or expense items in our initial guidance range, similar to the initial guidance provided for 2017. And now we will be happy to answer your questions.
David Bujnicki: We are ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. To make the Q&A more efficient, we ask that you have one question with an additional follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to rejoin the queue. Marlin, you can take our first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Paul Morgan with Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Paul Morgan: Hi, good morning. Just on the Albertsons’ monetization that you saw in the quarter, I mean do you have a little more color to give there and then how we might think about? Obviously, it's not here in your core FFO, but how we should think about -- what that might look like going forward and how you view it as a source of proceeds for other investments?
Glenn Cohen: Hi, Paul. Good morning. It's Glenn. This came as a distribution from the earnings of the investment itself. Again, we can't predict the timing of when future ones will occur, so we're not going to put it in our guidance. But again, it's part of our Plus business. As you know, as the investments gone along, we haven't had any NOI or FFO from it because of how our investment sits. The cash distribution we received is FFO. We kept it in our headline number. And we'll see how it goes as we go forward. The company itself continues to perform and we continue to watch closely what happens as it relates to their same-site results and keep their [indiscernible] and we'll see how it goes. So we think in our plan that we will have the ability to monetize it during our 2020 Vision, as we've talked about previously.
Paul Morgan: Okay, thanks. And then just on same-store NOI growth, if you look at where you were in the second quarter excluding the Sports Authority and kind of where the first half of the year has shaped up and then your -- compare that to kind of where your full year guidance is, I mean it looks like to kind of hit the midpoint you have to have pretty solid growth in this REITs in the back half of the year. Is that -- could you give any color to see how we're going to get from here to there? Or do you think maybe the low end is sort of more realistic based on where the first half shaped up?
Conor Flynn: Yeah. Hey, Paul. If you look at the economic versus physical occupancy, there is a 320 basis point spread there. That's about 100 basis point wide of a typical run rate. So we see that that leasing that's been executed, but not yet flowing, it's going to hit the back half of the year. Also, the leasing volume that was done in the first half of the year has been phenomenal, and we do anticipate that run rate to continue. So with those two ingredients, we feel confident about the 2% to 3% range that we've reinforced today.
Paul Morgan: So the full range is still realistic for the full year?
Conor Flynn: That's correct.
Paul Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: Great, thank you. I wonder what specifically might have driven the leasing at Dania Pointe in the second quarter. 
Dave Jamieson:
___ (00:24:16):
Craig Schmidt: And kind of switching gears. You have 15 Whole Foods. There is a lot of speculation that Whole Foods may use these locations as well as retailers’ distribution points. What would go into your possible review of making any kind of physical changes to the Whole Foods’ site that accommodate that in terms of how you get paid?
Conor Flynn (00:25:09): Hey, Craig. I think there is a lot of speculation obviously what the future will hold in terms of the Amazon-Whole Foods merger, and it’s really anybody guess at this point. We like to look Alibaba’s grocery concept in China as a window of what may come, where they integrated both the physical grocery stores as well as the omni-channel approach. And so when you layer on top Amazon pantry to Whole Foods, it really is I think a nice marriage in terms of the shopper that they’re trying to target and it probably lowers the hurdle in terms of people ordering groceries online because they’ll know, produce are sourced from a Whole Foods, which gives that level of comfort as you know its going to be high quality. In terms of the changes to the physical stores, it really will depend on what they do either inside or outside the store. And there is a whole bunch of different prototypes that Amazon has been testing, and I think it will be interesting we’ll have to watch and see of what they want to do at the physical Whole Foods store. And there is a change to the parking lot. They will have to come back to us to make sure that they -- obviously to get our approvals and we may have to restructure leases and gains, some NOI that way, but again it’ll depend on what their strategy is. 
Operator: The next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi.
Christy McElroy : Just beyond the occupancy impact in same-store NOI, a lot of moving parts there. There has been several retailers to file the only inclusive portion of their stores. How should we be thinking about the impact of rent relief potentially putting pressure on same-store growth? And is that something that which show up in the re-leasing spread calculations?
Conor Flynn: We’ve been very local for the beginning of the year about our bad debt reserve. All of that is really factored into that. And we have been watching closely as a few of the retailers have closed a few stores and are looking to reorganize and come out of bankruptcy, and we feel like we really accounted for that. And so we feel comfortable in terms of our guidance for same-site NOI and continue to see that. Our real estate is really well located with below market leases, and it's hard for retailer to find a better economic deal in these top markets. So typically the rests that they have are very much below market, so they want to hold on in those leases. 
Christy McElroy : Okay. And then just from a demand prospective, in the current environment, do you see any risk to the sort of box mark-to-market projections that you laid out with your 2020 plan? And just given all the preference store closings, maybe you could shed a little bit of light on sort of store opening plans? Any color on open to the eyes?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, I’m glad you asked that. There has been a lot of press covers on closures but very little on openings. And our esteemed research department here has a roll out of actual retailer that we follow that shows over 12,000 stores that are planned to open in the next year and a half. And that I think goes without saying that gives us very confident that if you got the right real estate there is going to be very much demand, and you see that in our leasing volumes. Retailers today are cautious about where they’re going to be opening stores, and if they don't like the real estate, they're not going to move forward with any type of economic deal. So, we feel very confident about the real estate we have and why there is significant demand from junior boxes just this quarter. TJX announced their newest concept, HomeSense, that they're going to be rolling out and have major expansion plans for that. Lidl is coming to the US. It has significant expansion plans. So we continue to see that as big opportunity in addition to the concepts and categories that we've been talking about now that are consistently outperformed and are shining stars really in retail today.
Christy McElroy : Thanks, Glen.
Operator: The next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC.
Wes Golladay: Good morning, everyone. Can we go back to that bad debt expense comment with the [indiscernible]. Can you give us some context of a typical cycle range for that numbers? That’s 50 to 150 basis points? Or is it 1 to – or zero to 1%? Just some kind of context there?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. So historically, we've used 50 to 75 basis points. But as we looked at our budgets for 2017 coming into the year and looking at some of the things that were going on, we actually increased that to 75 to 100 basis points. And we've been running kind of toward the low end of that range, in that 75 to 80 basis point range so far, so we feel comfortable with what we've put in our guidance.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then looking at next year, can you kind of give us the building blocks for that? We have some tenants go bankrupt this year. They are still operating, so would be more of a headwind for next year. But at the same time you have this big gap between lease versus occupied that seems to be more back-half loaded. So the net of those two will be more of a tailwind or a headwind for next year?
Conor Flynn: We think it's definitely going to be a tailwind. I mean, when you look at the names that are still reorganizing and coming out, our store closure list is very, very small. And they are typically small shops. So they have a very modest impact, if any, at all in terms of our next year's number. So we continue to look at the growing retailers that we're doing business with and think that is where the exposure we have to some of the watch-list tenants that are closing stores.
Wes Golladay: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal: Good morning, guys. I guess, along the same lines of growth to ’18, I mean you guys have maintained leasing spreads that have been sort of the new leases in the renewals that have been in that high single digits. But with where you stand net today and the visibility you have, I mean do you feel that you can maintain that sort of high single-digit spreads especially in the time when sort of CapEx or the percentage of NOI sort of seems to be going up and not only for you guys but sort of the rest of the industry? So I just want to get some color on that.
Conor Flynn: Yeah, with our leasing spreads, we are confident in our below-market portfolio, something that we really thrive on, and that's really helped us maintain these high single-digit, double-digit leasing spreads, and we in the long term envision that that maintaining. That said, spread are lumpy. Spreads are really driven by the population of the leases that are signed in any given quarter. For example, this quarter we had 75 comp deals that we're spreading in the new leases to account for that 17%. There is one large deal there where we combine multiple spaces, if you exclude that, our spreads were over 26%. And when you look at our junior box tenants this quarter as well as our small shops, junior box is combined over 30% and small shops over 15, both of which exceed our startling four-quarter average. So near term we feel good, long term we feel great because of the below-market portfolio. 
Samir Khanal: Second question is on the acquisition of the Jantzen Beach. I mean, if you look at this past that seems like a pure power center there. Are there any future plans to bring in maybe grocery components to this? I'm just trying to figure out where is the sort of the upside growth in this asset. 
Conor Flynn: Sure. And when we look at Jantzen, I mean we really view that as a unique asset. While it is, I guess, technically classified as a tower center, we’ve been agnostic between power, grocery, lifestyle. For us, it really comes down to the real estate and the opportunities to grow that cash flow? So your question on grocery, I mean there is a target in there that sell groceries. It did not restrict bus from putting another glossary store in there which is something that we will definitely consider. In addition to that, there is opportunity to add some [SU] entity. So we look at all of the possibilities for this outsiders assets. Acquiring 67 acres in a market like Portland is very unique and rare. So we get questions and we look at the cap rate for this asset, which is aggressive ongoing in phases, but there are many different metric that we evaluate no more underwriting and potential acquisition, cap rate is being one of them. but we're very focused on the CAGR, the compound annual growth rate, yield on our invested capital and various years throughout that whole period, the mark-to-market spread, which is really critical and when we look at this asset, your anchor space case $0.36 per square foot, in another $3.44, an another $6 a square foot. So well, that doesn’t necessary helps us on our AVR, which is another conversation all together. We’re very confident in the ability to grow the cash flow and asset long-term, and the redevelopment potential of the asset is really something that we're excited about both in the near-term and the longer term. 
Unidentified Company Representative: I would just add to that site checks all the boxes for us in terms of long range, redevelopment as well as short-term value creation. And if you look at where we’ve been more successful are creating significant NAV. It’s the West Lakes for the world. If you look at our pentagon project, those are the exact same type of assets where we have been focused on redeveloping and adding significant value and fits exactly into that malls. 
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Hill with Morgan Stanley. 
Richard Hill : Maybe just following up on the CapEx comment a little bit. You made a comment at the end of your prepared remarks like that was really important about how well your positioned to be prepared for this changing retail environment. How are you thinking about CapEx? Are do you see CapEx going up? Where is that CapEx being spent? How should we think about CapEx in 2018 and maybe even 2018 and beyond?
Conor Flynn: If you look at the CapEx spend on some of our new deals, it really is concentrated in a handful of anchor boxes and a lot of it is due to the fact that where there was a foremost Sport Authority box that has to be split up or that had to be expanded, but that really triggers a significant amount of investment in the actual real estate. We also have been very focused on adding experiential and entertainment retailers to our shopping centers to really drive traffic and create that type of live, work, play environment, and those typically are a little bit more expensive as you convert boxes to whether it's to a movie theater or if it is to grocery concept. I think longer range, if you see those Sports Authorities start to continue to fill up and we really had more of a civilization run rate, you will see that CapEx spends are to come down. And the other piece of it that I think is important is retailers are focused on their all-in occupancy costs, and one thing we love to point to is that we take great pride of being a low-cost provider, and that's something that we continue to focus on as we have significant below-market leases but also we've been investing heavily in sustainability as well as reducing our same-site energy consumption. And if you look back, since 2011, cumulative 18.2% reduction. So that's something that continues to be a focus of ours as we see our retailers focus on their all-in occupancy costs, and if we can provide the low-cost options, they are going to be with Kimco all day long.
Richard Hill : Got it. And so just a follow-up and make sure I understand correctly. CapEx is probably more of a one-off thing to reposition the properties. Maybe we'll see some increase over the next one, two, maybe even three years, but after that it should start to stabilize and maybe even come down?
Conor Flynn: Yeah, I think that's right. It should be even shorter term than that. I mean, if you look at Sports Authority boxes that we work through, we plan on really finalizing that shortly.
Richard Hill : Got it.
Glenn Cohen: And just this quarter we did the Cinépolis deal to Kentlands is really to kick start the redevelopment of the Kentlands market square there. And so it's not picked up in the numbers is obviously adding an experiential tenant like Cinépolis into this center will drive significant traffic and then help with the incremental lift of all the other shops they surround it. So long term, there is other residual benefits that we start to see through these investments.
Richard Hill : Duly noted. Thanks guys. I will get back in the queue.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O' Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning out there. So first question is, on the leasing environment, obviously you guys -- it's been pretty strong this year, and despite the bankruptcies, you improved occupancy. It's obviously a good thing. Is your view that we are through all of the tenant credit issues? Or your view is that this is sort of a well, and after we get through the holiday season, we're going to go through sort of a repeat of all the bankruptcies that we have this year will have another crew next year. So what's your view of as you head to year end in the holiday season for next year?
Conor Flynn: I think we're optimistic. Obviously, you never really know when things are going to occur for the retailers. If it's a good holiday season, I think a lot of the retailers will continue to run the ship. Omni-channel has been a challenge for some as they have to invest heavily in their e-commerce platform. Yet a lot of retailers now realize that they have to invest heavily in their physical store base as well to stay competitive. So it's a balance there. And when you look at our watch list, there are still a few there that we continue to be have concern over, but we've been mitigating the exposure continuously quarter over quarter, and that's really the best way for us to monitor that and continue to mitigate the exposure to some of the retailers that are yet to find their footing.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the follow-up to that is, you mentioned the strength obviously at Dania Pointe and Grand Parkway Phase 2. Are these sort of project-specific wins or you think that this is sort of an opening that retailers are willing to do broader development and therefore the rents, et cetera, depends on new development, we could see more development. 
Conor Flynn: I think you're going to see needed development for a number of years. I mean, these are projects that all have a special story of why they make sense and why retailers were eager to get into this – to the development. There really have no whole a lot of spec development out there today. Even the select few development projects that we have picked, we do a huge amount of pre-leasing before we start to go vertical. And retailers like to really work with REITs that are well capitalized that they know they’re going to deliver the project as promised. So all those thing really limit really future development that you will see from retail. 
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel Juste of Mizuho. 
Haendel St. Juste: So I just add and I think about three-quarters of your AVRs tied to centers with a glosser and that about 13% of your AVR is directly attribute to grocers? And so understanding your net positive comments early about the Amazon-Whole Foods merger, I'm wondering are those levels you're comfortable with. 
Conor Flynn: We always look at the grocery store as a traffic driver and something that we've been focused on as we continue to see that the power centers that do not currently have a grocery component are right for adding that type of use to drive more traffic, and you're seeing it with Trader Joes, you’re seeing it with Sprouts and other specialty grocers. And now with Alvey and Needle being very aggressive on their expansion plan, we think there is a lot more room for us to grow that percentage or grocery-anchored centers that we currently have. And so we're focused on that, and the leasing team has done an excellent job as you continue to see that growth quarter-over-quarter. 
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, and what would be the breakdown of your centers that are pure power center and power center with a grocery component?
Glenn Cohen: I don’t have that data on hand, but we can get that to you later. 
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. And then one point of clarification from a early question. I just want to understand the Albertson distribution a bit more. I thought this is going to be a onetime item. It sounds like this could be a recurring dividend but some sort of tightier investment there. I understand you can’t speak up specific timing, but just want to make sure understand that characterization. Is that fair? 
Glenn Cohen: No, I mean we see it. We don’t know it will be future one when that would be, but it’s based on their operations. So we're not predicting it. Again, if it becomes great, if it doesn’t, it's not in our numbers. And we're not predicting it to be in our numbers, but they are in operating business. 
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank. 
Vincent Chao : I just wanted to go back to the CapEx discussion a little bit and just try to understand that how you mentioned some of the things that don’t get factored in or something ancillary benefits of the CapEx spend to the surrounding center, but also just that some of the experiential and some of the format changes do require a bit more CapEx as you go through the transition period. I guess, if you think about your all-in returns on capital at the company level, I mean do you think that returns are holding steady going up or going down over the next two to three years?
Glenn Cohen: I think our returns as far has been holding steady. I mean, when you look at the redevelopment sitting low double-digit returns and our targets has been 8% to 13% on the CapEx spends for deal themselves, again, with some of these elevated spites with the TSA boxes, your turns might be slightly lower, but in general TIM holding steady for the long term.
Vincent Chao : Okay. And for the experiential, are you able to get the same kinds of returns on those investments?
Glenn Cohen: We do, yeah. I mean, those are typically part of the larger redevelopment play as well, so you tend to see those show up in our redevelopment pipelines.
Vincent Chao : Got it. Thanks. And just one last question just on the 12,000 store openings that you mentioned. I was just curious if you had some history on that. Like, has that number been going up or down over the past few years?
Conor Flynn: Yeah, we've been tracking it for a number of years, and it seems to relatively steady. But again, with new entrants from Europe and others, it tends to ebb and flow, but that’s obviously a big number and that we continue to watch. And I feel optimistic that will continue to ebb and flow as new retailers come into the US.
Vincent Chao : Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Actually a lot of my questions have been answered already, but a couple of follow-ups on Albertsons. What triggered that distribution? Was it a [indiscernible] on the lake or just on the willingness of Albertsons?
Conor Flynn: They are just basically at the end of the fiscal year, Albertsons had a $1.2 billion in cash on its balance sheet, and so it is starting what to do with it. And I wanted to the first question that was asked to management was the distributions made, is it going to affect their business any way, shape or form, the answer was no because liquidity has and so was approved by the board last month.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. All right. And in terms of the CapEx, I know we've talked about it really a lot, but if you look at some of the leasing that you've done and what's in the pipeline, at least for the foreseeable future there is kind of 30%-ish of rental value for new leases. Is that an appropriate run rate? Or do you that -- coming down or up?
Glenn Cohen: It depends on the deal. It varies on what you are doing with these boxes. If your backfilling the existing box with the dry news, the number is going to be slightly less with the Sports Authority. And we reiterated a couple of times now that when you combine spaces there, they’re going to be slightly elevated or if it’s an experiential. If you are adding a grocery there, you're going to be spending a little bit more converting from the dry to a wet use. So it's really dependant on the type of deal you're working on.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Is there a median dollar per square foot that you can talk about? Just trying to get a just very general sense of what it means on a actual dollar basis per square foot.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it really does vary drastically depending on what the previous use was and what you're changing it to. So there really has, is it's been all over the math.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, all right. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Boenning.
Floris van Dijkum: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question, a quick question on the balance sheet and maybe on dispositions. As you look at the stock price and you notice the discounts, does that make you want to increase your dispositions? I know that you've increased your dispositions guidance slightly for the year, but why not be more aggressive based on where your stock is trading?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, I mean we constantly are evaluating our portfolio. We look at it every week, every month to see which assets we believe have long-term, upside redevelopment potential, where the marketplace is valuing some asset, and we do have a plan in place to execute on the remainder of this year. We'll start to look at a modest level for 2018. But we think that the transformation that we’ve done over the last few years really puts out portfolio in great shape and we do obviously look at the stock price frequently, but we don’t want to make long-term decisions based upon a short-term impact on a stock price in our currency. So we’ll continue to evaluate where we are, but we’re very satisfied with the portfolio. 
Conor Flynn: And we did for our disposition guidance. 
Floris van Dijkum: So maybe I guess as a follow-up in terms of the growth and getting back maybe to Jantzen Beach as well. Obviously, that was a lower cap rate but there seems to be some inherent growth. Is this sort of the kind of opportunities that you're looking to pursue going forward? And again, you’ve matched your acquisitions and dispositions a little bit so far this year, but can we expect perhaps another big Jantzen Beach type acquisition to hit in the second half of this year. 
Conor Flynn: To answer the first part of your question, absolutely this is the type of asset that we're looking for. It’s very difficult to find. I mean, we really raised the bar on the criteria that we need to hit and the boxes need to check in order to move forward, and this one really did check all those boxes. So there is not many of them out there, but this was one that was felt was – will really fit or we will have to be capitalized on it. You’re absolutely correct. So far, the first half of the year, we’ve almost matched dollar for dollar on the disclosed acquisition, and we anticipate the same thing for the second half of the year. We are evaluating a couple of opportunities, one in which we think will probably strike in the latter part of the year that also is very exciting opportunity with redevelopment potential, and we’ll continue to execute on the dispositions upon that. 
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays. Excuse me, can you hear, Linda Tsai? You cannot proceed with your question?
Linda Tsai : Glenn, there is been upcoming lease accounting change that seems to impact retailers the most as it relates to putting the value of the lease as an asset on the balance sheet. Is there any sort of material impact to your reporting as a land lord?
Glenn Cohen: No, the leasing is not really going to impact us very much. We continue to analyze it. When you get into 2019, these issues around capping of internal costs and the way that that structure, and that is something we’re continuing to evaluate just the way our peers are, then we’ll have to make decisions about how that gets handled. But at the moment, we think we had it very pretty well covered. 
Linda Tsai: Okay, thanks. And then, Conor, what are your high-level thoughts on the Whole Foods acquisition by Amazon? And then relatively, are there grocers you would highlight as having done good job of investing an omni-channel?
Conor Flynn: As I mentioned earlier, I really think the Whole Foods-Amazon combination is one where they see the benefit of physical retail and they can layer in the Amazon Pantry on top the Whole Foods. So I think what they've seen is the demographics. The overlay from the Amazon Pantry shopper to the Whole Foods shopper is very, very similar. So it gives them the ability to understand their consumers even better. You're going to have to wait and see obviously in terms of what kind of changes they’re going to make to the Whole Foods prototype. But I just see it as a natural fit for them as they continue to want to try and expand into physical retail. They’ve done it with the book store. Now they’re doing with the grocery store. And I think that Whole Foods is a high-quality brand that gives them the ability to use that to their advantage. When people are shopping online, if they are not sure where the produce is sourced from, if they know that Whole Foods is the one filling their order, they probably get the benefit of the doubt that it's going to be high-quality produce.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then are there any grocers you'd highlight as having done a good job in investing in omni-channel?
Conor Flynn: I think Albertsons with the Safeway.com and the home delivery has been heavily invested and doing it for a while now. A lot of – Amazon, don’t forget, has been trying to do grocery online for almost 10 years now and with somewhat limited success. So we'll continue to watch that. I think Walmart has done a very strong job in terms of investing in the omni-channel, if you see their click-and-collect program. And I am amazed that Walmart is the only one that offers a further discount if you buy it online and pick it up in the store. There are so many benefits to getting someone into the store, where they see the merchandise, there is a likelihood that they’re going to add on an additional item, the likelihood that they are going to return the item drops off a cliff. So I could see that being the way with the future where physical retailer start to wake up and realize the power they have if they are able to generate that type of the traffic and offer a discount to get them to come and collect it at the store.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up question from Christy McElroy with Citi.
Michael Bilerman: Hey it's Michael Bilerman for Christy. Conor, I’m wondering if you can expand a little bit on Jantzen Beach from the perspective of competitive bid process, a fully marketed deal. It appear to be a lot of institutional interest in the assets, yet a REIT who obviously was trading with from a currency perspective for the no valuation came out on top and paid the highest price. I guess, how do you think about trying to have leveraged that private capital or institutional capital to help justify private market value of assets when the shops are trading at big discounts to NAV versus being the highest price and buying it wholly on the balance sheet. And I recognize there are some 1031 proceeds, but that could have been done on a different asset if you wanted. So can you just help us navigate the decision making that you guys had?
Conor Flynn: Sure. We covered, I think, a little bit of what you asked earlier, but we look at the real estate and just get very excited about the long-term redevelopment opportunities. As I mentioned before, when we've created the more shareholder values in these larger real estate parcels that are in-fill locations that have significant barriers entry with tremendous upside in terms of redevelopment potential. So, yes, we look at the going in cap rate and we look at the compound annual growth rate and see what near-term opportunities exist, but the really exciting part about this asset is it's over 60 acres in Portland, which can you imagine trying to assemble over 60 acres in Portland today? And it's got flexible zonings. It’s actually permitted to do residential on site, and it’s planned to have a light rail station to it in the future. All those things add up to significant upside in the long term that creates shareholder value for us. And so, when we look at real estate, we want to focus not only on the near-term value creation opportunities but the long term value creation opportunities. And yes, there was a competitive bidding process. Yes, there was a lot of institutional interest in it because, as you know, the best real estate today is still very much in high demand and we thought that it was a perfect fit. We have an office located in Portland. We don’t have to add any G&A to manage the asset. We have significant redevelopment capabilities on the West Coast. And so when you combine all those things, it just felt like here was the perfect fit for us. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes, the only thing I would add to that, which Conor pretty much mentioned, but when we look at ourselves compared to some of the other bidders there, having an office in seven other centers really gives us an advantage and able to utilize our economies to scale. So when you're deriving an NOI and capping that value, I mean most buyers will typically utilize a 4% management fee coming out of their expense line, which in this size deal is about $400,000 a year. We don’t need to add any staff or open any additional office in order to operate this asset. So when we look at our actual yield on this, its actually it’s substantially higher than these low going-in cap rates that you would utilize sort of large surface. 
Michael Bilerman: Did you explore using institutional capital as a partner or this was -- your view is I want to control this whole things like buying your partner Dania, you rather have full control of these sites. I’m just trying to…
Conor Flynn: We do have partners that would love to continue to grow with us. We talked about it internally, and we felt that given our presence in the market and the proceeds from the dispositions we were using, we wanted to control the whole thing. An asset with this type of upside, we’re greedy, we want 100% of it. 
Michael Bilerman: Do you think in terms of dispositions that you would earmark any sort of higher-quality assets at low cap rates to sort of justify the private market pricing as arguable the public buying at the highest price, lowest cap rate is not justifying where cap rates are. So I don’t know if you have a desire to try to bring in institutional capital to help provide a little bit more color as to the transaction market and values.
Glenn Cohen: We have sold some very high-quality assets. Several of our dispositions this quarter were in the 5 cap range. I mean, maybe we can highlight those more specifically. But we think that the market has sort of shown that for high quality assets buyers are willing to pay for it and there is plenty of capital chasing of those assets. But in terms of bringing in partners to some of the assets that we own a 100%, we really want to control as much as the high-quality real estate that as own as possible. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thank you very much and we appreciate everyone that joined us on our call today. Have a good day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - SVP, Investor Relations and Strategy Conor Flynn - Chief Executive Officer Ross Cooper - President and Chief Investment Officer Glenn Cohen - Chief Financial Officer Ray Edwards - EVP, Retailer Services Dave Jamieson - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Citigroup Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Daniel Santos - Sandler O' Neill Collin Mings - Raymond James Ronald Kamdem - Morgan Stanley Nikita Bely - J.P. Morgan Greg Schweitzer - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corporation First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategy. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Thanks so much. Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s first quarter earnings call. With me on the call this morning is Conor Flynn, Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, President and Chief Investment Officer; Glenn Cohen, CFO; Dave Jamieson, Chief Operating Officer, as well as other members of our executive team including Milton and Ray Edwards. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call maybe deemed forward-looking. It is important to note that the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our Web site. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave and good morning, everyone. Today I will provide a high level overview of our first quarter 2017 performance and current market trends. Ross will then cover our transactions this quarter and Glenn will provide details on key metrics and 2017 guidance outlook. To paraphrase [Mark Lane] [ph], reports of the death of retail real estate have been greatly exaggerated and Kimco's strong first quarter is living proof. Five years ago we embarked upon a major program to improve the quality of our portfolio focusing on areas with significant barriers to entry, higher density in incomes, strong retailer demand emphasizing grocers and off-price retailers. Our leasing volume has validated the success of our transformation in helping to offset the challenging retail environment the industry is currently experiencing. As an example of our strengthened portfolio, which given the size and diverse locations has always been defensive in nature, our top five markets which are entirely coastal contribute 50% of our rental revenues versus 35% when we began our transformation. Today, we are experiencing the rightsizing of the retail landscape as numerous chains announces store closures and embrace the Omni-channel experience that consumers have come to expect and demand. While e-commerce is not nearly as profitable as the physical store, retailers understand that in an on-demand world those who offer a frictionless experience regardless of channel will thrive as consumers continue to spend at record levels. A few of our retailers are starting to effectively evolve their business models to take advantage of their brick-and-mortar retail, offering discounted services and pricing for online orders shipped to the physical store that cannot be matched by a pure online retailer. Wal-Mart and Home Depot are the perfect example of this. As Milton is fond of saying, when it comes to retail real estate the only constant is change. And Kimco is adapting to this evolving landscape by working hard to deliver both the product and an experience to tenants and shoppers commensurate with this new world order. And that is why at many of our sites, you will see more health and wellness, more service providers, more food and restaurants, more entertainment and more experiential retailing. Our leasing volume is the highest in ten plus years. Our team is laser focused on this most important part of our business. We are constantly challenging our entire team to do even better and they have. We backfilled five former Sports Authority boxes this quarter and continue to see demand from the remaining locations, from grocers, off-price, fitness and entertainment concepts. Despite the normal seasonal vacancies usually experienced in the post-holiday season, our gross occupancy remained flat quarter-over-quarter. More importantly, leasing spreads remain strong fueled by the significant mark-to-market opportunities embedded in our portfolio. And while retailer weakness is dominating the media, many retailers, a majority of them our tenants, are thriving. Of our top 20 tenants, seven have recently hit all time highs in their stock price and many have large new store opening plans. For example, TJX, Ross and Burlington in aggregate have announced expansion plans in excess of 300 stores. While we are not immune from store closures, we continue to believe we are in the sweet stop of retail and will continue to generate interest from high quality tenants that will drive more traffic and more sales to the surrounding retail stores. We have build our business plan, the 2020 vision, with a focus on balance sheet strength and the ability to deliver sustainable cash flow growth in different cycles. The good news is, the plan is working. The balance is strong and affords ample financial flexibility and we have created a portfolio and pipeline with multiple levers that would deliver both organic and value creation for the foreseeable future. Of particular note is our development and redevelopment pipeline which is starting to bear fruit, highlighted by our Grand Parkway project in Houston, which is now open for business. Our redevelopments, a core competency of Kimco, are expected to incremental returns of 9% to 12% and we have several major redevelopment projects underway that will create additional flagship assets with high growth profiles. We believe investing in our business and growing organically is the right way to create long-term shareholder value. As I said earlier, we have a plan and the plan is working. And now I will turn the call over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. The first question transaction activity has been a continuation of our 2020 vision goals and objectives which includes a disciplined approach towards acquisitions and dispositions. The acquisition environment remains ultra-competitive with opportunities hard to unearth as the pricing power for high quality core assets remains in favor of the seller. While this is no surprise in the major markets of Southern California, New York Metro and other coastal gateway regions, we have more recently seen bidding wars for institutional assets take place in Chicago, Minneapolis, Houston and Dallas. We remain steadfast seeking opportunities to selectively buy assets that fit the disciplined strategy we have set forth. One such example is Plaza Del Prado in the affluent North Shore of Chicago. This unique asset provided immediate upside with the renewal of a bank outparcel at ten times the prior rent, as well as the ability to create future value through a possible early lease extension with a grocery anchor and a new outparcel. There is also an incremental lease-up opportunity at the site with LOIs already underway just 90 days into the acquisition. Adjacent parcel acquisitions remain a focus for us as we closed on the purchase of a former Staples box at our Columbia Crossing shopping center in Columbia, Maryland. Sandwiched in between T.J.Maxx and DICK'S, we have already executed a lease with HomeGoods at an attractive return on investment. As Conor indicated in his remarks, the retail environment is changing and it is imperative that we continue to evaluate future investments with an eye towards the evolving dynamics. We have directed our investment team to focus on those assets with a strong growth trajectory, either from below market leases or adaptable site plans with redevelopment potential, as well as considering existing and perspective tenant quality and space needs. Regarding new development opportunities, we are taking a strict and cautious approach and believe that urban core, infill retail projects with multifamily or other vertical development opportunities are the future. The investment in Lincoln Square in Center City, Philadelphia, fits the mould. Our investment was made alongside Alterra Property Group, our partner who has significant multifamily development and management experience. We entered the project with substantial leasing interest already in place which we helped to finalize into executed deals prior to closing, including a small format Target, PetSmart and an exciting specialty grocer. In addition, we had secured in place entitlements which enabled us to break ground the day after closing on the land. The development of 322 multifamily units above the retail provides for the urban infill, mix use environment that we believe will pay dividends into the future. On the disposition side, the first quarter sales amounted to $113.2 million of gross value with KIM's share of $65.8 million. The blended cap rate on the 8 centers sold was approximately 7.5%. Currently we have several assets on their contract in the low 6s and even sub-six cap rate in a few cases, highlighting the quality of the remaining assets for sales. In terms of our 2017 acquisition and disposition guidance, we remain comfortable with the dollar amounts and cap rates previously established. We remain focused on continuing to further enhance and upgrade the portfolio through a disciplined capital recycling strategy. Glenn will now walk you through this quarter's financial results.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross and good morning. As we begin the second year of our 2020 vision strategy, we remain confident about achieving the objectives set out in our five year plan. Our transform portfolio and internal growth levers remain solid and we are well positioned to deliver growth as lease-up continues and redevelopments and developments come on line. 2017 is off to an excellent start with strong first quarter operating and financial results. NAREIT FFO per share was $0.37 for the first quarter 2017 compared to NAREIT FFO per share for the first quarter 2016 of $0.38, which included $0.01 per share from our preferred equity profit participation. FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO, which excludes non-operating impairments and transactional income and expense was $155.8 million for the first quarter of 2017 as compared to $152.9 million for the same quarter last year with $0.37 per diluted share from both quarters. Our results were favorably impacted by increased base rents, improved bad debt expense totaling $7.5 million and the implementation of our strategic initiatives which lowered interest expense, G&A and tax expense by $11.1 million. Offsetting these positive factors were lower lease termination fees, reduced below market rent amortization and lower FFO contribution from joint ventures. Our modest growth reflects last year's disposition of Canadian and U.S. properties totaling $982 million and the investment of over $390 million in our development pipeline, which will begin to generate NOI and FFO in the second half of this year as our first completed development project, Grand Parkway comes online. Our four other active development projects, Dania, Christiana, Owings Mills and Lincoln Square will begin to come on line at various points during 2018 and 2019 and will be key contributors to our future growth. Our operating portfolio continues to perform very well. U.S. occupancy is a healthy 95.3% with anchor occupancy steady at 97.3% and small shop occupancy at 89.6%. So down 30 basis points from year-end. This modest decline is typical for the period directly after the holiday season. U.S. occupancy is down ten basis points from year-end. First quarter occupancy was impacted by approximately 70 basis points relating to the remaining Sports Authority vacancies. We have leased a total of 14 former TSA boxes and have LOIs or active prospects on 11 of the remaining [13] [ph] TSA boxes. Leasing activity during the quarter was brisk delivering new leasing spreads of 17.9%, renewals and options exercised at 10.1% and combined leasing spreads of 10.9%. Same-site NOI growth was positive 2.2% for the first quarter, driven by minimum rent increases of 150 basis points and improved credit loss of 130 basis points, offset by lower recoveries of 80 basis points. The comparable lower recoveries are attributable to a significant real estate tax refund received last year of one of our properties. Same-site NOI growth includes ten basis points from redevelopments. In addition, there was no impact on first quarter same-site growth from the Sport Authority bankruptcy as we had previously reserved the TSA rents in the first quarter 2016. We continue our efforts to enhance our balance sheet. We completed a new $2.25 billion revolving credit facility with borrowings priced at LIBOR plus 87.5 basis points. This new 5-year facility with a final maturity date in 2022, replaces our $1.75 billion revolving credit facility which was priced at LIBOR plus 92.5 basis points and was used to repay our maturing $250 million bank term loan which was priced at LIBOR plus 95 basis points. Also we issued a $400 million ten-year unsecured bond at a coupon of 3.8%. Proceeds from this instrument were used to repay our maturing 2017 mortgage debt with a weighted average interest rate of 5.71%. Our weighted average debt maturity profile now stands at almost nine years, one of the longest in the REIT industry. We are reaffirming our FFO per share guidance range of $1.50 to $1.54. Our guidance range does not include any transactional income or expense which we will incorporate as it occurs. As a result, our NAREIT defined FFO per share guidance range and our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range, remain the same. We are also reaffirming our full year 2017 same-site NOI growth range of 2% to 3% which includes the negative impact we expect to incur from the Sports Authority bankruptcy of approximately 225 basis points in the second quarter. In addition, we are reaffirming our expected year-end occupancy range of 95.8% to 96.2%. And with that, we would be happy to answer your questions.
David Bujnicki: We are ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. To make the Q&A more efficient, you may ask a question with one additional follow up. If you have additional questions, you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Bill, you can take our first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [Justin] [ph] in for Craig. Could you talk about your densification efforts and maybe what we could expect in both the near and long-term.
Conor Flynn: Absolutely. I think we have been pretty consistent with our message there that our goal for our redevelopment program is to really unlock the highest and best use of the asset, and a lot of what we are working on in putting the entitlements in place to add density. So when we look at future projects, we always will have to see what was the supply and demand is in the certain area that we are developing and understand the different risks involved with the projects and ultimately the return on our investment. So for now we have identified two projects that are active, our Pentagon and our Lincoln Square projects. And we continue to look through the portfolio for future opportunities and continue to look at the highest and best use of the real estate.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. And just as a follow up to that, can you talk about, what types of qualities do you look for in a partner when you are looking at a mix use project to handle the residential component?
Conor Flynn: Absolutely. Typically what we do is we look for a partner that’s a local expert, someone that has a great track record. Someone that has product in the close proximity where they can use that to their advantage and understand the market inside and out. We understand that. We are the retail experts. So what we bring to the table is really a showcase of what we are doing at Lincoln Square where we were able to use our expertise to negotiate and execute the deals with Target, PetSmart and others. And so we really want to focus the JV strategy on mixed use with partnering with the best-in-class in that local jurisdiction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Yulico from UBS. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [Greg] [ph] on for Nick. Just a quick question about the re-leasing spreads and TI spend. I was just wondering if you could elaborate on the difference between redevelopment versus TI and landlord cost.
Conor Flynn: Our redevelopment is very self-explanatory. We use the definition where we are changing the square footage on the site plan. We that that’s the simplest definition that makes sense. So that’s why redevelopment has a category unto itself regarding TI and CapEx spend. Whereas if it's a renewal or an option, that’s really an in-place tenant that we are working with to keep in place and to extend term with.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. Okay. And so even though the [GLA] [ph] is changing, this is still being considered for that re-leasing spread then?
Ross Cooper: For the [GLA] [ph] is changing.
Unidentified Analyst: In terms of new rent.
Ross Cooper: The GLA is changing. It will be redevelopment and then we will account it as -- yes. And if it's a new lease then it will be a new lease. If it's a renewal, typically those are not counted in renewal spreads.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy from Citi. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy: Glenn, I just wanted to follow up on your comments on same store NOI growth and how you are thinking about the rest of the year. Specifically on Q2, how could the growth rate be impacted by some of the moving parts last year with Sports Authority and the reversal of some of the bad debt there. And then just looking into the back half of the year, you have your full year range, but just given all the uncertainty in the environment and everything we have been hearing about store closings and bankruptcies, how could that be impacted potentially by some of the stuff that you know about versus what you don’t know about? And maybe as you go into further in the year and there is maybe some rent [relief] [ph] negotiations to consider there.
Glenn Cohen: Sure, Christy. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we remain confident in our guidance range of the 2% to 3% level. As we look and also as I said, as we mentioned, in the second quarter there will be an impact related to Sports Authority. The Sports Authority impact in the second quarter has a negative impact of about 225 basis points. So when you take that in over the full year, it averages around 56 basis point on a quarterly basis. That already is baked into your credit loss analysis for the full year, which is why we remain confident about where we are. As long as there is not massive bankruptcies which we don’t expect, we have accounted for the store closings that we see already. So we remain confident that we will make our 2% to 3% range for the full year. The second quarter though will be impacted. It's going to be very muted because you are starting with a negative 225 basis point decline to start with. So it's going to be lower definitely in the second quarter but as we go through the backend of the year, it definitely improves in the third quarter and fourth quarter.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just sort of apart from, you know some of the bankruptcy stuff that we have seen. Have you seen any change in sort of the rate at which some of the larger format retailers are renewing space or exercising their options? And then on the demand side, have you seen any change in demand from retailers that are expanding and have opened to buys. Is there any slowing of that pace?
Conor Flynn: It's a good question, Christy. I think when we look at our portfolio, we have not experienced any change of demand from our retailer base. It's clearly driven by a few categories that are the shining stars in retail today. I mean off price we have talked about, TJX, Ross, Burlington, Nordstrom Rack. Those are really driving forces for us. And then you include the fitness category and the specialty grocers that are taking new deals today. We have not seen any rent relief requests of any material size throughout the portfolio, which is really a great indicator to show how strong the portfolio is operating. And one of the best things I could tell you, when we look at our five Sports Authority leases that we backfilled this quarter, there were five different tenants that took the spaces. So that just shows the diversity of the demand that we are dealing with. And when we look at our pipeline, we think that that absorption rate is just continuing to build momentum through the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: When you look at what you have baked in for the tenant environment for the rest of the year, are you expecting more liquidations or just more of a Chapter 11 environment?
Conor Flynn: We anticipate that it will be more of a restructuring going on with some of the tenants that have already filed. H.H. Gregg, obviously one that we anticipated and that will probably be. We were anticipating getting all eight of those back. So we have planned accordingly for the store closures that have been announced and we continue to see strong demand. So we feel like we are in a good position.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then with H.H. Gregg, it looks like it was in Avenues Walk. Was that just a legacy project or are you still working with [tenants] [ph] that could be on the watch list for your development pipeline?
Conor Flynn: That was back in 2008, so you are spot on there. We continue to work on leases there to try and backfill that spot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Santos from Sandler O' Neill. Please go ahead.
Daniel Santos: My first question is, just generally speaking, how can we sort of reconcile your strong leasing stats with what the never ending sort of negative retail headline.
Conor Flynn: You know when you look past the retail headlines, I think you got to look at the categories of retail that are thriving. And it's really the off price segment that really has perfected the treasure hunt. When you look at TJX and their release, they talk about how their traffic is actually increasing when you look at what Home Depot and Lowe's are doing in the home improvement section, it's really impressive in how they have integrated the online channels with the physical brick and mortar. When you look at what Wal-Mart has done with taking advantage of their physical stores and announcing really pricing power that if you shift online order to the store, you actually get a further discount which is the first move I think in terms of our physical brick and mortars taking advantage of their network of stores. So, again, it's obviously, there is a lot of headlines out there regarding certain categories. And beauty is another, just perfect example of -- just look what [Alta] [ph] and Sephora are doing, and then you layer in fitness and some of the health and wellness and medical categories. It's clear that we are shifting more towards service, restaurants, food, things that are driving traffic to the shopping center and that’s where we are positioned to really take advantage of it.
Daniel Santos: That’s as a sort of follow up to that. Over the last few years we have seen a lot of retailers invest in their Internet presence. Have you seen those dollars come back to the physical stores or are they still mainly focusing on the Internet?
Conor Flynn: There is still a balance right now where retailers are trying to figure out the right balance of where to invest their dollars. All the retailers acknowledge that their physical store base is where they are most profitable but they realize they need to have that offering to remove any pain points in the shopping experienced. And so when you look at Home Depot and when you look at Lowe's, they have been investing heavily yet also investing in the physical store. So there is a balance I think that a few of our retailers have found. And I think they are going to be setting the model going forward to how to really integrate and how to be able to take advantage of both channels.
Operator: Our next question comes from Collin Mings of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: First question. Glenn, can you just update us on how you are thinking about the preferreds that are callable this year?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. So we have three preferreds. One is at 6% for $400 million, one is at 5.5% for $225 million, and one is a $175 million at 5.58%. If you look at where the preferred market is today for us, we are probably, if we went to it, it's probably around 5.5%. So there is really not a whole lot of GAAP or upside in redeeming one preferred for the other. More importantly what we are focused on is, we have all this optionality and at the right time where the capital is available, we will use it to redeem those preferreds and that will help to reduce overall debt levels including preferreds over time. Which is really part of the 2020 vision, which we think will help lead towards -- being put on positive outlook and an upgrade at some point by the time we get to 2020.
Collin Mings: Okay. And then just switching gears. As far as, one of your peers earlier this week discussed opportunities rally to de-box some properties to free up some more small shop space. Just curious, as you think about your redevelopment pipeline, Conor, just how do you see opportunities there and how you are kind of positioning your redevelopment pipeline and do you kind of agree with that mindset that there could be some more opportunities to debox some properties.
Conor Flynn: It's all very, very location specific. Clearly, if there isn't a demand for a box in a certain location, you've got to look at alternatives. What we found is that we have plenty of activity in our redevelopment pipeline to show that whether it's off price, grocery, fitness, to take advantage of the space that we are creating in addition to what's existing on the property. So it's all location specific and again it's really what the highest and best return is on that location. We don’t have many de-boxing activities going on today. It's something we look at constantly. But, again, when we look at our portfolio, we think that our redevelopments are well-positioned to take advantage of really the sweet spot of retail today.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Richard Hill of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ronald Kamdem: This is Ronald Kamdem on Richard Hill's line. Was just curious, just looking for a high level commentary on cap rates on assets. Obviously you guys have a disposition guidance this year and looking for a 7% blended cap rate. Just if you can provide any color of what you are seeing specifically in secondary and tertiary markets. What's the trajectory for cap rates? Thanks.
Ross Cooper: Sure. Happy to answer that. As we look at the cap rates particularly in those markets, they have been relatively stable. I think we have mentioned over the last few quarters that they were shifting a little bit higher. We have not seen any material change at the beginning part of this year. There is still plenty of demand from private buyers and institutions that are looking to take advantage of a bit of an arbitrage opportunity. So as we mentioned, I mean in the first quarter we hit around mid-7s on our cap rates. We have several deals in the pipeline that we expect to close in the second and third quarters that are in some cases 6 and below. So there is no doubt that there is interest level even outside of the core markets. Now when you do look at the core markets, those have been extremely aggressively priced and a few examples, whether it be power or grocery, we have seen in Dallas and Chicago, power centers in the low 5 cap range. We have seen grocery in Maryland and Irving, Texas, in the 4s and 5s. Lifestyle kind of power center in Philadelphia just transacted at a flat 4 cap. So there is extreme demand and limited supply for high quality real estate and we are seeing plenty of activity on the secondary and tertiary markets as well.
Ronald Kamdem: Great. And the second one that's really quick from me is just updated thoughts on just Albertsons and what your outlook is there. Thanks.
Ray Edwards: Hi, this is Ray. With respect to Albertsons, really it's been no change. We are still focused the company on executing the IPO at the right time. Fortunately, we have very strong business at about $2.8 billion, $2.9 billion of EBITDA and about $0.5 billion of free cash flow last year. So we are very comfortable with the business. It's running very well and it's getting past the headwinds of deflation. And so we are optimistic that in the near-term we will likely be on way to monetize the investment.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Nikita Bely from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Nikita Bely: Can you talk a little bit about the pace of development in lease-up and given the environment, has it slowed at all in last couple of months in last quarter or so.
Ross Cooper: Happy to. We actually haven't seen any slowdown in our development projects. Now each of our development projects has a special case of why we think it's appropriate to take on the development process and the strength of the underlying real estate I think is why there hasn’t been a slowdown. And when you look at the supply coming online, it's very very muted. I mean we are at 38 year lows in terms of new supply coming online. And so when retailers are looking to grow store count, they are still sometimes challenged to find those opportunities, especially in markets where they are trying to penetrate. So we feel very good about the pipeline. The strength of the demand and the retailer base that we are working with to continue to pre-lease projects.
Nikita Bely: And maybe a little different question, different topic. What's your view on JVs in general? How do you look at them and in your view what are the advantages and disadvantages from their perspective of simplifying the company going forward.
Conor Flynn: Well, we did take on a massive simplification effort and have reduced our JVs dramatically from the previous high. We do think it's appropriate if a partner brings us a deal that we would not normally be able to take advantage of by ourselves then that situation, like a Lincoln Square is a perfect example of that, where we do believe a partner is valid and can add value to the property longer term. We also like to think that the Lincoln Square is a perfect example of partnership that enhances each other. We are not a multifamily expert, we acknowledge that. So we want to make sure that when we partner with someone, that’s the partner that enhances the project going forward. So those are the ones that we think make total sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Schweitzer of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Greg Schweitzer: I just wanted to get an update on the health of the grocery environment. Perhaps anything anecdotal from conversations you have been having and also how you are thinking about risk from the groceries? Both from moving to the mall near one of your centers with threats from the likes of Amazon.
Conor Flynn: When we look at our grocery business, obviously we are invested in Albertsons and Ray gave a quick recap there of the business and we think that they have a good business model and continue to battle through deflation but see it coming to an end in the near term. So other than that, when we look at the new deals we did for the quarter, we did a deal with Sprouts Farmers Market. We continue to see specialty grocers whether it's Trader Joe's or others, that really enhance the traffic generation at projects. And then the traditional grocers still are finding ways to create value. There has been a lot of consolidation whether it's Kroger or Albertsons and we continue to think that going forward is a great way for us to add a traffic driver to our locations that don’t have a grocery component. We are watching closely and working with [Ledo] [ph] that’s coming in this year. They are going to be a competitor and I think that there will be a nice new addition to some of our locations that don’t currently have a grocery component. But it's very competitive. We do see the strong, continuing to thrive publics, is another great example of one that continues to dominate. And depending on the location, we think our portfolio has a lot of opportunity to continue to add grocery components.
Operator: There are no further questions. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki for closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Bill. I would like to thank everybody for participating on our call today. More information is available on our Web site. Thanks so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - SVP, Investor Relations Conor Flynn - President and CEO Ross Cooper - Chief Investment Officer Glenn Cohen - CFO Ray Edwards - EVP, Retailer Services
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Citigroup Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Jeremy Metz - UBS Paul Morgan - Canaccord Genuity Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Steve Sawka - Evercore ISI R.J. Milligan - Robert W. Baird & Co. Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Securities USA Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Vincent Chow - Deutsche Bank Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Floris van Dijkum - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities Linda Tsai - Barclays Capital
Operator: Good day and welcome to Kimco’s Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Steven. Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. With me on the call this morning is Conor Flynn, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, the Chief Investment Officer; and Glenn Cohen, the CFO. In addition, there are other members of our executive team that are also available to address you during the conclusion of our prepared remarks, including Milton, Dave Jamieson and Ray Edwards. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call maybe deemed forward-looking. It is important to note that the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are also available on our Web site. With that, I’m going to turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today I will provide a progress update on our 2020 vision, as well as our view of the current retail environment. We will also provide an update on our portfolio activities, and Glenn will cover our fourth quarter and full-year results, as well as provide color on our 2017 guidance and outlook. 2016 was a very productive year for Kimco and the team has been executing on our four key strategic goals, which are to, one, significantly improve the quality of the portfolio. Two, unlock the embedded growth. Three, strengthen the balance sheet, and four develop and motivate employees to further strengthen our team. In line with our 2020 vision to create a high-quality major metro focus portfolio that is U.S centric, we undertook and completed a large disposition program during the year. We were able to divest assets at an opportune time when rates were hovering near all-time lows and demand for open-air centers was at an all-time high. At our December 2015 Investor Day, we outlined a five year strategy, recognizing that our path to achieve our 2020 goals may not be linear. As you saw in our press release, the sale of our lowest quality in international properties will have a short-term impact on our FFO in 2017. Glenn will cover this shortly. Our portfolio of high-quality shopping centers is now tightly concentrated in the best markets in the U.S. And our signature series of redevelopment and development projects are progressing. Regarding redevelopments, we completed $160 million in projects during 2016, including our fixed -- our first mixed-use property, producing an incremental return on investment of 9.6%. We’ve positioned our portfolio to be defensive in nature with long-term leases that have significant mark to market opportunities upon lease expiration or recapture. Each redevelopment takes the advantage of these opportunities to unlock the highest and best use. Turning to our development properties. Grand Parkway, Phase I and Phase II are moving along nicely with potential for an early delivery on Phase II. At Dania we’ve parted ways with Costco for Phase I and are moving towards developing a high-quality open-air center that will complement the live work play environment we are developing in Phase II and improve the overall returns for the project. Small shop leasing continues to be a bright spot as our year end occupancy of 89.9% neared an all-time high with no signs of slowing down heading into 2017, as small business sentiment is at a multiyear high. The leading small shop categories are primarily service and food based providing a complimentary offering to our open-air centers. Finally, our balance sheet continues to improve with a tremendous effort by Glenn and his team to lengthen our debt maturity profile to one of the longest in the REIT universe, and opportunistically tap into the bond market to further reduce our borrowing costs. Now let me provide some insight into what we are seeing in the retail environment. Supply and demand in our portfolio continues to remain in balance even as we anticipate a choppy 2017 for the retail sector. Several of our top tenants have reported positive same-store sales. The continued sales growth in store openings, specifically for off-price retailers give us confidence and we see continued absorption of current open-air supply and high-quality centers and forecast a modest increase in our overall occupancy in 2017. That being said, we need to remain ahead of the challenges facing brick-and-mortar retail. We believe marginal locations will suffer with store closures. The first wave of shadow supply from department stores will have little to no impact on our portfolio, although we continue to monitor this closely. Our disposition program took this into account and we successfully exited locations where we thought pricing power will to be negatively impacted. Our team execute leases on three former Sports Authority boxes, in addition to 12 anchor leases with retailers that include Lifetime Fitness, Dick Sporting Goods and multiple fitness and off-price retailers. We continue to see demand for space that ranges across multiple categories, including the off-price sector, traditional in specialty grocers, flex format target, which we recently opened in one of our Long Island assets, sporting goods, arts and crafts, home-improvement, theaters, beauty, pet supplies, furniture, fitness and entertainment. To be clear, physical retail is not going away, and will continue to be critical to the long-term success of the omni-channel approach to best serve today’s customers. However, it is now more important than ever to have dominant locations with the best tenant line up. We feel good about the work we have to competitively position Kimco. We continue to focus on the long-term as real estate necessitates a prolonged view. Our 2020 vision provides visibility over the next four years of improving earnings growth and value creation. The risk profile of our portfolio is dramatically different from just a few years ago. We have scale, liquidity, and broad geographic and tenant diversity with multiple levers for growth going forward. Finally, our earnings stream now recurring and predictable will enable us to continue to grow the dividend over time. Finally, we are excited to welcome Mary Hogan to our Board of Directors. She will be a great addition to the team. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Ross.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. Overall we had a very productive year on the investment side, with over $1.5 billion of transactional activity. This was highlighted by the accelerated exit of our Canadian investments, the sale of 31 asset in our U.S portfolio for $410 million, and select third-party and JV acquisitions totaling $457 million Kimco share.
of: On the acquisition side, we acquired two former JV assets in California with longer-term redevelopment opportunities and strategic locations in the San Francisco, Oakland MSA, as well as the Los Angeles Anaheim MSA. In addition, we acquired a sprout anchored center in Temecula, Southern California. This center included a vacant Sports Authority box, which provide the solid immediate upside opportunity, which we are in the process of finalizing. This was one of only two assets we bought from the open market all year, evidencing the discipline we employ when evaluating our investment decisions. We are pleased with the investment execution for 2016, which was consistent with the expedited portfolio transformation strategy we initiated in 2013. While the nature of these sales has had a dilutive impact on the overall portfolio growth profile for the coming year. We are confident that it was the correct decision resulting in the core portfolio we have today. On the investment landscape, we continue to see a bifurcation in pricing between high-quality core markets and those outside the major institutional focus. While cap rates on the best of the best assets remain sticky and at all-time lows, the non-core secondary and tertiary assets, particularly those without a grocery component, continue to rise. We are in the fortunate position of having significant redevelopment and selective ground-up opportunities to help grow our portfolio, which allowed us to be patient as we look for strategic investments that are accretive and enhance the portfolio. In January, we acquired Plaza Del Prado, a high-quality grocery-anchored center in Chicago, Illinois. The asset is located within a high income, high barriers to entry submarket anchored by a jewel supermarket. This center was developed in 1978 and contains original tenants both in line and on out parcels with leases that are coming due with no further options. This will allow us to push rent significantly in the next few years and maximize value. Our Albertsons relationship also provides an opportunity to create now parcel, which will be mutually beneficial to both tenant and landlord. For 2017, we’re providing for a range of $300 million to $400 million of acquisitions and $250 million to $350 million of dispositions, making as the modest net acquire for the year. Glenn will provide additional color and insight on our guidance and financial performance for the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross, and good morning. We finished 2016 with solid fourth quarter and full-year results, bringing to a close our first year execution on our 2020 vision strategy. We now have a high-quality portfolio of assets in our key markets, which will produce strong cash flow growth and future upside from our development pipeline and select ground up developments. We’ve dramatically simplified our business by exiting essentially all our foreign investments and reducing the number of joint ventures. With over 85% of our total NOI is now coming from consolidated assets. We’ve also strengthened our balance sheet by reducing leverage and extending our debt maturity profile as we strive to upgrade our secured debt ratings to A-/A3. Although these strategic initiatives have a muting effect on 2017 FFO growth, we’ve set the foundation for our future growth as lease up continues, the low market leases are recaptured and redevelopments and development start generating cash flow. Our vision is clear. Our team is focused on execution and we remain confident about our future. Now to some details on our fourth quarter and full-year results and further color regarding our 2017 guidance. NAREIT FFO per share was $0.38 for the fourth quarter. Included in NAREIT FFO is $5.3 million of impairment charges related to land parcels sold during the quarter and under contract. These charges were more than offset by gains from the extinguishment of debt related to three properties. NAREIT FFO per share for the full year came in at $1.32, achieving the upper end of our guidance range. The 2016 full-year results include charges of $0.20 per share related to the third quarter 2016 strategic initiatives to prepay $350 million of Canadian denominated debt, $428 million of US debt, as well as the merger of our taxable REIT subsidiary into the REIT. FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO, which excludes transactional income and expenses and non-operating impairments was also $0.38 per share for the fourth quarter, $0.01 above the $0.37 per share reported last year. Versus the prior year, our fourth quarter results include decreases in consolidated NOI of $3.8 million and FFO contribution from joint ventures of $12.4 million attributable to the significant dispositions of U.S., and Canadian assets throughout 2016. These decreases were offset by lower financing costs of $13.9 million attributable to lower debt balances in refinancing. Specifically, lower rates were coupled with the redemption of the $175 million 6.9% preferred stock in the fourth quarter last year. In addition, G&A expenses were lowered by $4 million and tax expense was lowered by $2.8 million due to the TRS merger. Overall, our fourth quarter FFO as adjusted grew to a $160.4 million from a $153.1 million last year, an increase of 4.8%. Our full-year 2016 FFO as adjusted was $1.50 per share, the midpoint of our guidance range and an increase of 2.7% from the $1.46 per share reported in 2015. We achieved this growth despite the $7 million negative impact from the Sports Authority bankruptcy, and the $73 million dilutive impact from the disposition activity. To put it in perspective, our pro rata EBITDA increased by $64 million to $919 million in 2016. We were -- although we were still able to increase our FFO as adjusted by $26 million or 4.3% increase. The key contributors were debt reduction and financing cost savings of $70 million and recurring income tax savings of $13 million. Our portfolio operating metrics remain strong as we ended the year with an occupancy level of 95.4%, up 30 basis points sequentially, including anchor occupancy at 97.3%. The remaining vacant Sports Authority boxes had a negative impact on occupancy of 75 basis points and as Conor Mentioned, our operating team is actively working on the releasing effort. Leasing spreads were very strong for the fourth quarter delivering 36.5% for new leases, 7.1% renewals and options, and 14.8% combined. For the full-year, combined leasing spreads were solid 12%. Same-site NOI growth was 2.7% for the fourth quarter driven by minimum rent increases of 180 basis points and improved recoveries of 90 basis points, with redevelopment sites contributing 80 basis points. The Sports Authority bankruptcy had a negative impact of 110 basis points on those figures. For the full-year, same-site NOI growth was 2.8% and include 70 basis points from redevelopment sites, and a 70 basis point impact from the Sports Authority bankruptcy. Turning to the balance sheet. We finished 2016 with consolidated net debt to recurring EBITDA of 5.9x. As part of our 2020 vision, we’re targeting a range of 5x to 5.5x, as we continue to pursue an unsecured debt ratings upgrade. We were active in the bond market during the quarter pricing $750 million of unsecured bonds on November 1 from price of a $400 million, 2.7% bond due in 2024, and a $350 million 4.125% 30-year bond due in 2026. During 2016, we issued a total of $1.4 billion of new unsecured bonds at a weighted average coupon of [technical difficulty] and a weighted average term of 16.3 years. Just over the past year, we have reduced our consolidated debt by $310 million, and increased our weighted average maturity profile [technical difficulty] seven years from 5.3 years. In addition, we’ve completed the renewal and expansion of our revolving credit facility, providing us additional liquidity. The new $2.25 billion facility has a final maturity date in 2022 and replaces a $1.75 billion facility, which was due to mature in 2018, further extending our maturity profile. Let me turn a moment on 2017 guidance and the underlying assumptions. As I mentioned on our previous call, beginning in 2017 we're providing guidance, excluding any transactional income or expense. As such, our 2017 NAREIT defined FFO guidance and FFO as adjusted guidance were the same. We will incorporate transactional encumbered expense as it occurs. Our guidance for 2017 is a range of a $1.50 to a $1.54 per share with a midpoint of a $1.52. The guidance range takes into account the dilution of $22 million or $0.05 per share associated with the transformation of the portfolio from the 2016 U.S and Canadian dispositions. For 2017, our guidance assumes we will be a modest net acquirer as Ross mentioned. As it relates to same-site NOI growth, the guidance includes a range of 2% to 3%, which incorporates a downtime related to the lease-up of the vacant Sports Authority boxes and an appropriate credit loss reserve as we carefully monitor the current retail environment. The same-site guidance also includes a positive contribution from redevelopments of 20 to 40 basis points, which is lower than the 70 basis point contribution in 2016 as we anticipate an acceleration in projects coming offline during the year. We continue to invest in our development pipeline, which has a short-term drag on earnings growth, but expect our Grand Parkway project to begin cash flowing in the second half of the year. Our significant redevelopment and development projects will be an important contributor to our growth in 2018 and beyond. Lastly, I want to remind you that historically our first quarter G&A expense is approximately a penny per share higher than the other three quarters due to the timing related to employee equity award expense. And with that, we will be happy to answer your question.
David Bujnicki: We are ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. Due to the large volume of participants in the queue, we request a one question limit with an appropriate follow-up. This will provide all the callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions, you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Steven, you can take the first caller.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Christy McElroy with Citi. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just, Glenn, following up on some of your comments on guidance, just with the pressure on box occupancy that you’ve seen from the closures, as you work to release that space, what -- what’s sort of your outlook for 2017 bankruptcies and store closing? You mentioned an appropriate reserve, as you monitor the retail environment, but within your same-store NOI growth forecast, what sort of assumptions are you embedding to try to capture that risk and as you work to release the space, what should we start to -- we start to see more pressure on releasing spreads at all.
Glenn Cohen: No, I don’t think you will see pressure so much on releasing spreads. I mean, some of the assumptions that are in the same-site NOI growth is we do expect a similar impact from the Sports Authority bankruptcy in 2017, so around 70 basis points as well. And we also have a higher credit loss reserve than we’ve had in the past a little bit. We usually use somewhere between 50 and 75 basis points. Part of our guidance has had 75 to 100 basis points to account for what’s going on in the current retail environment.
Christy McElroy: And so what would you target in, in terms of that higher credit loss reserve? What are you looking for in terms of additional retailer store closings and bankruptcies? And are there any retailers that you’re specifically thinking are at risk?
Ross Cooper: I think you’ve seen recently, Christy, that a number of retailers have come out with mixed results and you’ve seen a couple of them actually have some credit rating downgrade. So, when we look at our retail rolodex, there is some healthy retailers that are driving a lot of growth and have some healthy numbers for new store openings. And there are some that are obviously still fighting the fight in terms of trying to figure out the omni-channel approach. So, for us, we figured it was the best approach to increase the bad credit loss for this year and as we look forward, we think the improved portfolio will shine.
Conor Flynn: And Christy, the reserve that we do said is not a specific reserve. It's more of a general reserve that we used to monitor just over the course of the year.
Christy McElroy: Thanks, Flynn.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Could you just talk a little bit more about the Costco anchor loss and your Dania Pointe project? Maybe give a little more background into what happened as that changed over the past quarter?
Conor Flynn: Sure. So originally we actually had the Dania project as a power center line up and as you’ve seen we actually change Phase II to a high density live work play mixed use development. Now Phase I we had an executed lease in place with Costco and as part of that lease there were some framework on site level cost contribution by both parties which we were trying to finalize. At the same time, the demand from other junior anchors to be a part of Phase I really exceeded what we could accommodate with the Costco being in place. So with this knowledge, we felt we wanted to change direction and now it would be the best time, because the junior anchor line up really would be more complementary to Phase II and offer us better economics than if we went with the flat ground lease with Costco, who mutually agreed to allows us to move in this direction.
Ki Bin Kim: And -- but doesn’t losing a Costco have a -- maybe a rolling impact on the demand for the other junior anchors?
Conor Flynn: Costco is really a destination oriented tenant and I think because of the strength of this real estate. We felt that originally they would be a great lead anchor for our power center development. But because of the strict location, the freeway visibility from I-95, the demand from the junior anchors really actually ticked up regardless of this Costco as a part of the development.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you for that. And the second question, I noticed your tenant allowances for new leases, I know that includes some redevelopment projects, but it seems to have ticked up kind of pretty noticeably to maybe about 50% of rental value. Just curious, you can make any comments around that?
Conor Flynn: Sure. As you probably saw in one of our press releases, we did execute a Lifetime Fitness and West Elm leases at our Suburban Square. That is a very TI intensive redevelopment part of the program there. So actually over half of the TI that you see in that line item is really tied to redevelopments and that were not -- was obviously a big piece of it.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And just a reminder to please limit your questions to one question and one follow-up. The next question comes from Jeremy Metz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning, guys. In terms of the dispositions, you didn’t quite hit your 2016 targets of $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion. So is some of that stuff that you wanted to or plan this on 2016 rolling into 2017 and therefore maybe a little front end loaded and is that also perhaps having an impact on a cap rate range that you provided? I guess it would have thought that going forward at this point, the assets you are selling are of better quality and therefore would command a lower cap rate and we’ve been seeing now that you’ve gotten rid of call it the non-core assets.
Ross Cooper: Yes, I think that’s an accurate statement. And you know we're very pleased with the fourth quarter and the full-year execution on the dispo program. But as evidenced by the relatively modest activity in Q4, we did experience a little bit of a pullback from buyers, particularly the last two months of the year with uncertainty regarding policy change in interest rates and things of that nature. So a few of the year end deals were delayed, which we expect to bring forward the first half of this year. That being said, pricing on those deals that we did close met the high-end of our value expectation. So, we do have pretty good clarity on the first half of this year and so we're comfortable with the stated guidance for '17. But it is definitely true that the quality of the assets that are within that pipeline going forward is significantly higher than what we've seen in years past, so we're comfortable with the expectation that we set forth.
Jeremy Metz: All right. And then, just one for Glenn. Can you walk us through what sort of capital raising is in guidance? Should we assume, you look to pre-fund some of that $450 million of secured debt that’s coming to -- with a bond offering here sometime early in '17 and then what should we think of beyond that? Thanks.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. You’re pretty spot on that. We will probably do a bond, late first quarter or early second quarter, depending on market conditions and deal with the refinancing. We have plenty of liquidity. Renewing our credit facility has given us a lot more dry powder, so we’ve flexibility to pick the right spot when we want to go the bond market and there is very, very modest equity. There is really nothing that’s really in there other than expectations of stock options and equity awards that go into our equity numbers for the year.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Morgan with Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Paul Morgan: Hi. Good morning. Just on the FFO range, I’m trying to kind of triangulate where you ended the fourth quarter $0.38. If you just annualize that, you get to the midpoint of your range, you’ve got occupancy growing in same-store NOI growth from 2.5%. It would seem like -- just could you maybe clarify what’s offsetting the same-store to keep, kind of your midpoint around where you ended the year?
Ross Cooper: Well, part of it is when you look at G&A in the fourth quarter, that is not -- you can't use that as I mentioned in my opening remarks. You can't use that as a run rate. There is some seasonality to that and the G&A number in total is a little higher as you go through the quarter. So if you really annualize that, you might have been closer to $0.37. So that’s part of your issue. Financing costs, depending on the assumptions you use to refinance the debt is in there as well, so that's another component when you look at overall guidance. And we do have the impact of there -- all these foreign contribution is really all gone. So, the growth that’s coming the 2% to 3% assumption of same-site NOI growth is offsetting really the foreign and the Canadian contribution that we had in the previous year.
Conor Flynn: Also if you factor in that, when you’re doing your guidance range, you do some sensitivities, so when we set out our acquisitions and dispositions range. As Ross said, some of it could be more front end loaded, especially dispositions with acquisitions on the back end side. So it plays into that.
Ross Cooper: I would also just note that some of our redevelopments that are becoming off line, specifically three of them. One in Highland, Boulevard add up to almost $4 million of rents that’s coming offline in '17.
Paul Morgan: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just with -- on the same-store side of the guidance, you talked about kind of the 70 basis point hit from Sports Authority and your kind of the range for the full-year. Should we expect a ramp up towards the back end of the year as more of that space comes back online? I mean or is it -- this is kind of more of steady throughout the year?
Conor Flynn: No, it's definitely you’re going to start to see, especially if same-site is cash based. So the team is doing a good job getting leases signed, but you need the cash to start flowing for it to start coming into the same-site numbers that we report. So clearly it will wind up in the latter part of the third and the fourth quarters and start fueling what happens in 2018 and beyond as well.
Ross Cooper: Your see that in the physical, the economic occupancy.
Conor Flynn: Yes, it's about 230 basis points of a spread, the physical versus the leased occupancy, rather the leased versus economic occupancy. So that expanded a little bit during the quarter and probably over the course of the year shrink down.
Paul Morgan: Right. Yes, so the occupancy would also kind of ramp, obviously you’ve got an occupancy increase in the guidance there, but that will be kind of second half of the year mostly?
Conor Flynn: That’s correct.
Glenn Cohen: Yes.
Paul Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning out there. So, first question for you. Glenn, have the rating agencies or how have the rating agencies changed as far as you guys going for credit upgrade at the same time you have the redevelopment program, but now they’re added news headlines of retailers having issues, bankruptcies, etcetera. So have the rating agencies changed the goal post for you as far as what you need to achieve for the upgrade based on the retail environment, or is it still the same that it was when you talked about at your Investor Day last year?
Glenn Cohen: I mean, I would say on the surface it's the same. They haven't really changed, but the rating agencies also watch the macro issues, so I’m sure that will be part of the conversation with them. But I think it really comes down to us meeting the balance of the metrics that thereafter, which is really trying to bring the net debt to recurring EBITDA down into that, low 5 range. So we’ve a little bit more work to do there, but when we look at all the other metrics that the agencies look at, we really need them from size of the company, equity market cap, consolidated NOI coming from the portfolio, clearly the simplification of the business with no foreign investments and no currency exposure. They’re not really concerned really about our development or redevelopment pipelines either, because relative to $18 billion of assets, it's fairly modest.
Conor Flynn: In the debt maturity profile.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay.
Glenn Cohen: Right, and debt maturity profile has been dramatically improved as well.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, when you talked in your guidance about the 75 to a 100 basis point buffer for bad credit versus historic -- I think you said 25 to 50. Does that mean that if you guys suffer store closings that that credit loss both absorbs in guidance, both the impact of lost rent and the downtime of the closings, or is that just the reserve for any rent that is -- that maybe due to you, but hasn't been paid yet and not anything perspective for the balance of the year?
Glenn Cohen: Well, again it’s a general reserve, so it will account for some portion of the lost rent, but not -- if you lost some in January for the full-year, on a lost scale, it wouldn’t encompass that.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Sawka with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Steve Sawka: Thanks, guys. I wanted to focus a little bit on the small shop leasing and just try and get a little bit better handle on where you think that number can go over the next 12 to 24 months? And just maybe give us a little bit of flavor for the discussions that you're having for tenants and how you are thinking about leasing the space that is vacant today may be versus what you were doing over the last year or two?
Conor Flynn: Sure, Steve. We finished up the year at 89.9%. Our target for year end was 90%. We actually came 9,000 square feet short of that target. So, if you're willing to lease the 9,000 square foot vacancy, we have one available for you. But going forward, we clearly think there's more run room there, small shop activity has been very strong for us. Just in terms of last quarter of the 107 deals we did, 27 of them were with restaurants, 21 were with personal care services, 12 were with medical uses, 5 are with mobile operators. So you see that the fitness, the services in the restaurant and food components really are the driving force behind the occupancy lift there. And small shop optimism I think when you look at it from a business perspective with the new administration is actually near all-time highs. So when we look at our pipeline of opportunities there, we think we can push it to 90.5% and hopefully push that even higher. Our all-time high was 90%, so clearly if we can push that up to the 91% range or even higher, that will be fantastic.
Steve Sawka: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from RJ Milligan with Baird. Please go ahead.
R.J. Milligan: Hey, good morning, guys. You mentioned a pullback of buyers in the fourth quarter leading to a little bit later disposition activity. I was curious, are you seeing any movement in cap rates, especially within the big boxes given some of the retailer weakness? Are you seeing any change in the spread between big box and grocery anchored centers in terms cap rates?
Conor Flynn: Yes, we have seen certain private buyers exercise a level of caution over the past few months, especially as interest rates have risen close to 75 basis points during that timeframe. The secondary and tertiary market buyer typically requires leverage, so it definitely has an impact on pricing. And we have seen the spread between the core product that we and other institutions are trying to buy and those that are non-core, the spread is widened, particularly, for the non-grocery product. I would say that at one point in time, the beginning of last year, the spread between power and grocery was minimal as low as maybe a 50 basis point range. We’ve seen that widened to at least a 100 basis points for similar quality location. So we're very pleased that we're in the position that we’re in that we have executed on the fair majority of our disposed, and we will continue to clean up a few assets, beginning half of this year and through the balance of the year, but that's how we see the marketplace today.
R.J. Milligan: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Yes, good morning. Let me see what’s left on my list here. Glenn, I guess a question for you. So, recently we saw an update from FASB and NAREIT will once again allow for REITs to capitalize acquisition related expenses after having to expense them for the last seven years. And clearly this has been one of the reason for the offshoots of the different NAREIT FFO definitions, including FFO as adjusted, which is a term that you guys use, so while the new rules become effective for REITs this December, there is an early adoption clause. So I’m curious on what’s your view of the new standard is and when you plan to adopt, especially in light of the amount of transaction activity you have outlined for this year.
Glenn Cohen: We are happy that they’re going back to the old ways and allowing you to capitalize them, because it makes much more sense and we are planning to early adapt it. So, one of the reason -- its actually good, because it doesn’t narrow that difference between what would be NAREIT FFO and what FFO as adjusted would be.
Haendel St. Juste: But you did say you plan to early adopt, so there is nothing in the current numbers and when or are you willing to discuss when that will be?
Glenn Cohen: We are planning to current adopt effective January 1.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. So you’re saying that the number that we will see from you guys over the next couple of quarters will reflect the new standard, okay.
Glenn Cohen: Correct.
Haendel St. Juste: All right, guys. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: Good morning. Thanks for taking my phone call. Hey, just quick question. I know you’ve talked a little bit about shadow supply and I applaud your transparency on that. Going back to, maybe the operating metrics that you reported, it look like your new leasing spreads were quite impressive, while your -- while the new renewals were a little bit more stable to maybe slightly declining. I’m just curious if you could maybe give some color as to what you're hearing from tenants in terms of the renewal, are tenants sort of concerned about the shadow exposure that you’ve been talking about, and what's driving that the pretty impressive new lease spreads?
Conor Flynn: On the new leasing spreads, we clearly think that below market leases is where Kimco shines and we have that as our acquisition thesis for a long, long time, having great real estate with low market leases. So as you know, these leases are long in tenure and they take a long time to get at, but when they do come to maturity or we are unable to recapture them, that’s really when we can unlock the value and mark those leases to market. So a few of the deals that we talked about already, Lifetime Fitness will end at replacing the Macy's at Suburban Square, and some of our other former Kmart boxes that we were able to reposition, really were the drivers of our new store lease spreads there. Renewal spreads are healthy as well, because they actually include options. So options actually are usually a little bit below what our normal renewal spreads are, so when you lump those two together, that’s actually a very healthy renewal on option spreads for us and when you combine that with new leasing spreads, obviously its where you get to our double-digit combined leasing spreads. From a retail environment standpoint, location is key. Everything is very much a local level decision for retailers. When they look at the opportunity set or what’s available in the market, typically we think our product is actually insulated from the shadow supply that we’ve been talking about. Many times our retailer base doesn't necessarily want to deal with having an interior entrance, they just preferred to have an exterior entrance and a big field of parking. And they also like to have that co-tenancy with the best-in-class open-air shopping center retailers and the visibility from the street. So, all those things combined we clearly think that our reposition portfolio is in good shape and should continue to produce solid spread results.
Rich Hill: Got it. And as you're looking forward -- and that’s really helpful. Thank you. As you’re looking forward, I know we’ve discussed in the past that you’ve done a really good job of mitigating any exposure to maybe some store closures, but there's things that you can't control. Maybe you can speak about -- maybe you can speak to just quickly about maybe trying to renew leases mixed in them and your ability to do that prior to any store closure if that might be coming, maybe using Sears as an example?
Conor Flynn: Yes. The key obviously is, with supply and demand is that a huge flood of supply doesn’t hit the market at the same time. So what we've seen so far is that there has just been a steady drift of supply and that actually is relatively healthy for us as we are able to recapture boxes that are below market and reposition them with best-in-class retailers. So if there were a large-scale bankruptcy that changes that dynamic, clearly that would have pricing pressure on both new leases and renewals. So we have been looking at our portfolio and making very local decisions on if we think now the time to renew a tenant and lock them in longer term, then we do engage them with that conversation. As you’ve seen with our occupancy, it continues to tick up. As you see with our spreads, we continue and are able to produce solid spread results. So, so far the supply and demand is in our favor, especially since we're repositioned in the best markets in the U.S.
Rich Hill: Great. That’s helpful. I will jump back in the queue.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Chow with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vincent Chow: Good morning, everyone. Maybe just following up on that last question, I know you have done a good job of selling off a lot of the higher risk assets or properties that may be impacted by shadow supply, but as you think about the expiration schedule over the next say two years, if there is more than just a trickle that we’ve seen so far, I guess what percentage of your portfolio would you characterize that as that risk is currently?
Conor Flynn: I think when you look at our anchor lease expiration schedule, its relatively modest over the next few years and we do conduct regular portfolio reviews with our tenants. And the nice thing about the portfolio reviews we’ve been doing not only with the ones that are continuing to expand, but the ones that have pulled back on their store opening is there portfolio health with us is extremely hot. And so we continue to think that the reposition portfolio gives us good insight into the retailer quality we have. And even the ones that maybe are on our watch list, the stores that we have with them are actually performing quite well. So that gives us some good insight into how we can perform over the next few years, if there is a dislocation in terms of supply.
Ross Cooper: I mean, you look at the leasing expiration schedule, we note historically that somewhere around 75% of the leases that have option to exercise. So if you take that into account, you’re only looking at somewhere between 2% and 3% a year of real true roll to deal with.
Vincent Chow: Right, right. I guess that dynamic could change though, if there's a lot of the choices out there, but I get it -- I got you. Okay. And then just in terms of the …
Conor Flynn: The only thing I would add to that is if there is an option opportunity for retailer and their leases below market, there is usually a higher percentage chance if they’re going to take that.
Vincent Chow: Okay, that’s good point. And just the other question is just in -- with regard to the tough environment that we've been talking about and the increase in the credit reserve. I guess as we think about the trajectory of the occupancy being higher by the end of the year, as we think about the typical seasonality or typical drop-off we see in the first quarter, I mean, should we be thinking about that as something greater than we’ve seen in the last couple of years?
Conor Flynn: I think it will be relatively consistent in the first quarter. We do see some seasonality there and obviously there is some retailers that did not perform over the holiday season. But we think that over the year we will be able to have a modest increase in occupancy, both in small shop as well as anchor boxes.
Vincent Chow: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning, guys. Conor, I just want to go back and say I recognize that the 2020 plan isn't linear, but the guidance that you guys gave was a little bit behind the pace that you had outlined in that plan. I'm just curious, in your mind is that a function of timing around development or redevelopment, is it conservatism on your part or is it may be indicative of the fundamentals of just starting off a little bit softer that maybe was anticipated when that plan was authored?
Conor Flynn: No, it really is about timing. I think we still are very confident about delivering the 2020 vision. We realized we had a lot of work to do to get to where we are today. I'm really happy with the execution. I think timing wise on the disposition program, I think we hit that window and we're able to really execute on it at a -- probably at a pace even faster than we anticipated. And this year when you look at what we're trying to do, we obviously want to grow FFO, while reducing leverage and usually those two things are very difficult to do and we were trying to make sure we hit that when we look at our 2020 vision. We’ve finished off the heavy dispositions. We’ve started to ramp up our redevelopment and development spending, which clearly is not yet flowing, but we -- when we look at '18, '19, and '20, that’s where we see the growth coming, that’s where we see a lot of these projects coming online and continue to think that that's where we're headed.
Jeff Donnelly: That’s useful. And maybe just one for Glenn. In regards to the 2017 guidance the 2% to 3% same-store NOI, do you have that broken out for, I guess, I will call kind of core organic NOI growth and the redevelopment contribution separated?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, the redevelopments should contribute somewhere between 20 and 40 basis points. And then the balance obviously is coming from the organic, which is lot lower than it was last year, that we had 70 basis points being contributed in 2016 from the redevelopments. And it's really attributable to -- there is more projects that are actually coming offline that are going to fuel growth in '18 and beyond.
Jeff Donnelly: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Mueller with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller: Thanks. Hi. You obviously had the new developments going on, as well as the residential tower, but looking at the consolidated redevelopments, it looks like you’ve four projects for about $70 million that are coming on in '17 and '18. I guess, how do you see the average pipeline size there and what the investment could be annually over the next say 3 to 5 years?
Conor Flynn: Yes, the redevelopment projects we were outlining for '17 are actually back loaded. Many of those projects are delivering in Q3 and Q4. And so that’s why again it doesn't necessarily flow through the full-year, but we do see the flow in the '18 pickup and continue to think as we deliver those projects there as you’ve seen we’ve been able to promote more projects into the active pipeline from the shadow supply. So when we look at our shadow pipeline, the key for our team is to really pull those forward as quickly as possible, so we can continue to grow that active pipeline. And we’ve been successful in doing that and continue to think we're just getting started on a redevelopment plan.
Michael Mueller: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Floris van Dijkum with Boenning. Please go ahead.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. Thank you. I had a question on the redevelopment, sort of a follow-up question, I guess. I know you still have 20 Sears leases in your portfolio. One of them is disappearing this year, I guess at Highlands, so there will be 19. But I was curious about the Shadow department store exposure you guys have and in your acquisition guidance for the upcoming year $300 million to $400 million, do you have any acquisitions in there of some of those potential shadow anchor boxes that you might want to take back in your portfolio?
Conor Flynn:  When you look at our Kmart and Sears exposure, we’ve been obviously salivating to get those back for a long period of time, and a lot of those are coming due without any more options remaining. So we’ve been able to actually put redevelopment plans in place for every single one if and when they come back early or if we were able to strike a deal to recapture boxes early. So, the plan is still in place to redevelop those boxes and continue to show the mark to market of over 300% for that portfolio. So we obviously are watching that closely. In terms of recapturing and having that in our acquisition target, there is no acquisition baked in for recapture of those boxes. We have constant dialogue with all of our retailers, especially ones that have assets that are way below market and continue to try and see if there is an opportunity for us to recapture early, but in our guidance there's nothing baked in for that.
Floris van Dijkum: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Lucas with Capital One. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Good morning, guys. Glenn, a quick question for you. You have a fair amount of or actually fairly significant amount of preferred that I think are redeemable this year. How do you think about the opportunity there, particularly given the spread that they currently yield relative to where you’re able to issue 30-year bonds?
Glenn Cohen: Well, relative to 30-year bonds, the savings at least on the first preferred debts are going to be available to be redeemed would be in March is a 6%. We are probably somewhere around 4.5, 4.125% [ph] if we did a 30-year bond today. So there's some potential. However, that's not baked into our guidance. Again, we’re focusing on net debt to recurring EBITDA on a consolidated basis. So we’ve to just watch carefully where it makes sense to do that. The other two coupons are 5.5% and 5.125% [ph] that become callable later in the year. Again, nothing baked into guidance in terms of redeeming those, but again at the right point those could be an opportunity.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up on an earlier question about the same-store bucket for this year. The 20 to 40 basis points redevelopment contribution, is that a net number so is that adjusting out for some of the de-leasing that you are doing for redevelopment, or is that a gross contribution on a positive side, excluding the de-leasing that you would do in prep for redevelopment?
Glenn Cohen: That’s the net of it together.
Chris Lucas: The net of it together. Okay, great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes Linda Tsai with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. You mentioned that some of the hurting retailers still did reasonably well at your centers. Was there also a regional bias to that in terms of geographies that performed the best?
Conor Flynn: No, when we looked at the portfolio with our retailers, they typically have a national platform with us and when you look through the assets that we’ve and where they were located, there was not really a regional bias, they just went -- we went asset by asset and talked about the store performance and each one seemed to be an outperformer for them. So that gave us confidence.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then in terms of traffic, in your earlier comments, I think you said that cap rates have widened for centers without a grocery component. Is that directly tied to the idea that the grocery component is more internet resistant so you are seeing a divergence in traffic for those centers with a grocery versus those that don't have one?
Ross Cooper: Yes, that can certainly be a part of it. I think that the institutional investor has been a bit more active on the grocery side. But even that being said, so long as it's within the core market we have seen some power centers with or without a grocery component still be attractive to investors. It really depends on the location, the quality of the real estate and making sure that within a power center there's not too many retailers of which are on a watch list or not considered Internet resistant. So it is a little bit of a side-by-side analysis in that regard. But we're just continuing to be careful and make sure that those assets that we look to acquire, particularly if there is not a grocery anchor sort of fit the parameters that we’ve set out which is below market rents and making sure that we consistently see upside or value creation opportunities within those assets.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jeff Donnelly: Thanks, guys. Just a follow-up. I was curious, General Growth made a comment on their earnings call that retailers are increasingly channel agnostic between sort of online malls and shopping center distribution. Are you seeing more, I guess, call them nontraditional retailers appear on your leasing prospect lists or and I guess how many of those ultimately may be moved to leases? Just curious what you might be seeing out there.
Conor Flynn: We always look to try and expand our rolodex of retailers in our shopping centers and we are seeing more in terms of entertainment, as well as service and fitness and that’s our first Lifetime Fitness deal that we have in the portfolio, that’s our first West Elm deal that we have in the portfolio. So, but you’re -- I think when retail starts to blends in terms of all the different channels, I think that’s accurate. We’ve been talking about that for a while.
Jeff Donnelly: Nothing specifically like mall based tenants or maybe even with outlet based tenants that are kind of knocking on your door?
Conor Flynn: Sephora is probably the one that comes to mind where they have been actively working with us to expand and talk about the open-air center as their real growth vehicle going forward, because they’re already in all of the A malls. So when you look at the portfolio of retailers in malls that would fit with some of our centers, you really got to pick the best-in-class, because you want to be careful there.
Jeff Donnelly: Maybe one last question. You are about -- I think about 65% preleased across your both phases at Grand Parkway, I’m just curious, is some of the challenges in Houston's economy impacted leasing economics there or maybe leasing pace or has it been pretty resistant?
Conor Flynn: That really -- that site -- and again its probably site-specific, but where the location is, it's almost like a perfect hole in the doughnut where there is really no retail in any real area about 5 miles radius wide. So we’ve seen -- regardless of where oil is and regardless of some of the issues that have been hitting Houston, the retailer demand has been very, very strong there and target is set to open in just a few months. So, all the junior boxes in Phase I are spoken for. The restaurants are starting to lease up now and the small shops are starting to fill in nicely. So, we really haven't seen any pullback at all there.
Jeff Donnelly: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Morgan with Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Paul Morgan: Hi. Just a quick follow-up on Albertsons. I know it's not in your guidance, but any update on kind of what you are thinking about in terms of -- obviously there is kind of the IPO route to monetization, but you’ve also alluded to the possibility that you could look at other ways to capitalize on your position, and maybe on the real estate side or private market, is there anything going on right now?
Conor Flynn: No, I think you saw that the S1 has been updated. We continue to look at all opportunities there. We still think it’s a phenomenal investment for the Company long-term, and continue to see how we can either monetize a portion of it or work with the real estate. So that is a continued ongoing effort for us.
Ross Cooper: I think the Company is watching closely to see how and when and how quick is the deflation impact start to subside, which will really help the business and that should lead to other opportunities.
Paul Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back to David Bujnicki for closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: We will just end it on that. So thanks everyone for participating in the call. And just a reminder, additional information for the Company can be found in our supplemental on the Web site. Thanks so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Conor Flynn - President and Chief Executive Officer Ross Cooper - Chief Investment Officer Glenn Cohen - Chief Financial Officer Ray Edwards - Executive Vice President, Retailer Services
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Citi Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Paul Morgan - Canaccord Jeremy Metz - UBS Jake Harlington - Green Street Advisors Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Mike Mueller - JPMorgan Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities
Operator: Good day and welcome to Kimco’s Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Senior Vice President. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Carrie. Good morning and thank you for joining Kimco’s third quarter 2016 earnings call. With me on the call this morning is Conor Flynn, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, Chief Investment Officer; and Glenn Cohen, our CFO. In addition, other members of our executive team are also available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks, including Milton Cooper, Dave Jamieson and Ray Edwards. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call maybe deemed forward-looking and it is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company’s SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are also available on our website. With that, I will turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning and thanks for joining us today. I am pleased to announce another strong quarter driven by our high quality operating portfolio and the tireless efforts of our team. This quarter we made the decision to remove any contribution to our NAREIT defined FFO from an Albertsons monetization for two major reasons. First and foremost, we believe we should not succumb to the pressures of short-term and pursue the sale of a portion of our Albertsons investment in an environment that would negatively impact creating long-term value for our shareholders. Currently, grocery stores are dealing with food deflation, while the IPO market remains challenging. Despite these headwinds, Albertsons continues to increase EBITDA providing free cash flow to pay down debt and invest in the business. Second and sometimes forgotten are the significant real estate holdings of the company. Close to half of the chain’s 2,300 stores are either owned or under long-term ground leases, with concentrations in desirable markets, such as Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago and Washington, DC. In fact, the recently updated S-1 noted an estimated value of $12.1 billion for its real estate holdings. We believe that over a medium-term horizon, our investment in Albertsons will provide Kimco with significant capital to reinvest in our recurring business activities and create long-term shareholder value. As a reminder, we are just shy of 2 years into the merger of Albertsons and Safeway and the company continues to reap the benefits of scale through execution on the planned synergies. The S-1 remains current and we continue to monitor the markets with our partners. To be clear, we remain focused on our core business and we will continue to fund capital requirements with free cash flow after dividends, opportunistic use of our ATM and disposition proceeds. Our 2020 Vision outlines our plan to create long-term shareholder value by focusing on our building blocks of growth, reducing leverage and maintaining our cost efficient capital structure. The fundamentals of our open-air shopping center portfolio remained strong due to the favorable balance of supply and demand in the major metro markets. As the performance on key metrics demonstrates, our operating platform continues to deliver value to our shareholders. A wide range of open-air retailers, including our first Nike store, continue to expand and seek growth opportunities in high-quality real estate. Supply has modestly increased recently due to bankruptcies and announced store closings and we are monitoring closely the shadow supply coming from struggling department stores at enclosed malls. Overall, however, this environment provides the ability for us to position our real estate with best-in-class retailers that drive more traffic and sales. While the Sports Authority liquidation drove the dip in anchor occupancy, we are pleased with the leasing momentum on those boxes. 7 of our 25 Sports Authority boxes are now fully committed. The deals include Dick’s Sporting Goods; a Land Rover Jaguar dealership; Orchid Supply Hardware; Home Goods Ulta combo, Burlington and H Mart Grocery. Anchor leasing volume was the strongest this quarter year-to-date, with 19 anchor deals fully executed. Small shop leasing continues to progress. Even though pro rata occupancy remained flat this quarter, this was primarily due to the dispositions of a number of fully occupied centers that had limited upside remaining and the purchase of assets, with significant redevelopment potential that included considerable small shop vacancy, which we believe offers future upsides. The strategic redevelopment and development pipeline, which we are calling our Signature Series, continues to mature and deliver results. As an update, we moved the first phase of our flagship suburban square redevelopment to the active pipeline, where we have an executed lease to expand Trader Joe’s and construction underway to build a new parking facility to provide Kimco with further densification opportunities. Separately, our Whole Foods development is now open and thriving in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania and has moved out of our development pipeline and into the operating portfolio. Our Signature Series continues to provide the company with significant internal growth opportunities and we remain laser-focused on the execution. This quarter, we delivered $65 million of redevelopment projects, producing an incremental ROI of 10%. I will now turn the call over to Ross who will provide a deeper dive into the transaction activity this quarter.
Ross Cooper: Thank you, Conor. The third quarter was a successful continuation of our strategy and transformation of the portfolio composition resulting in a higher quality asset base, with stronger demographics and tenancy. This includes our Kentlands marketplace acquisition in Metro DC, which offers significant value creation and redevelopment opportunities for our team. In just two short months of ownership, our plans to reposition the assets are underway and the preliminary leasing interest has been very strong. We expect to begin seeking municipal input regarding our plans in the coming month. Also, during the third quarter, we bought out a JV partner on a four-property portfolio, with assets located in our core markets of Atlanta, Houston, Washington, D.C. and Pittsburgh and acquiring additional JV asset, Gateway Center in Seattle, where we are working on a supermarket and pharmacy lease to reposition this well located asset. These acquisitions, along with the Canadian asset sales, helped further reduce our JV portfolio as we continue to simplify our ownership position while increasing the percentage of wholly owned net operating income coming from the overall portfolio. The wholly owned NOI is now 85% compared to being at a low of 60% level a few years earlier. In Q3 2015, we had 264 JV properties and at Q3 2016, we have only 135 JV properties, nearly a 50% reduction in 1 year. The acquisitions market continues to be extremely competitive for core assets as investors of all types chase hard assets in the United States. Pension fund advisers, REITs and private operators have all narrowed the definition of core, which has further limited the available supply of institutional quality assets. This has created bidding wars for the highest quality assets in major MSAs pushing down cap rates even further, notwithstanding the potential risk of interest rate hikes in the future. While some may view the current real estate environment as expensive, on a relative basis, we continue to believe that compared to alternative investment options, our asset class remains a wonderful investment, with a healthy spread between cap rates and treasuries. Our focus remains on making investments in solid real estate with a strong business plan. We also consider the dynamic that new shopping center development remains at all-time lows together with the living and shopping tenants of millennials to recognize that the first ring outside the urban core has become extremely desirable for investment, redevelopment and repurposing. This has created mixed use opportunities offering a live work play environment, which we believe offer attractive investment opportunities. We are constantly evaluating these types of projects while remaining disciplined in our search for quality assets. On the disposition side, the sale of our interest in 5 Canadian assets has reduced our ownership in Canada to 1 remaining shopping center and 2 land parcels. In just 12 months, the NOI coming from Canada has gotten from approximately $19 million in the third quarter of 2015 to roughly $1 million in the third quarter of 2016. We are thrilled with our progress. In the United States, we sold 7 assets for $53.3 million, $49 million Kimco share. Execution on sales of non-core assets has become more challenging and it is critical to perform due diligence to the buyer pool before selecting the buyer. In addition, we have seen the pricing between the core trophy and the secondary market assets, particularly non-grocery, widen from 9 months to 12 months ago. Fortunately, we are at the tail end of the heavy lifting and expect to close approximately $100 million of asset sales in the fourth quarter. We will continue to review the portfolio and judiciously sell assets that do not fit within our long-term 2020 vision. Now I would like to introduce Glenn to provide additional color and insight on our financial performance for the quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Ross and good morning. Our execution during the third quarter takes another step forward towards achieving our 2020 vision. Our operating results were solid despite the short-term headwinds of the Sports Authority store close. We also successfully completed three strategic initiatives related to our Canadian debt repayment, U.S. debt repayment and the merger of our TRS into the REIT. Headline FFO per share, which represents the official NAREIT definition, was $0.18 per diluted share for the third quarter. Included in the headline result is $45.7 million of early extinguishment of debt charges in connection with the prepayment of $350 million Canadian denominated bonds, with a weighted average interest rate of 4.77%. The prepayment of our 5.7% $291 million U.S. bond and the prepayment of $137 million of 6.32% mortgage debt encumbering 10 properties. Also included in the headline result is a non-cash FFO charge of $36.2 million associated with the deferred tax valuation allowance in connection with the TRS REIT merger. The one-time charges associated with the prepayments in the TRS REIT merger totaled $0.20 per share. These initiatives will enhance our future profitability and our tax efficiencies. FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO, which excludes transactional income and expenses and non-operating impairments, was $0.38 per diluted share for the third quarter, up 5.6% from $0.36 per diluted share last year. These solid results include the diluted impact of further transforming and simplifying the business over the past year with the sale of over $1 billion of U.S. assets and another $1.1 billion of assets in Canada and Mexico. The proceeds raised from these efforts were used to acquire $800 million of high quality, wholly owned U.S. assets in our key markets from our joint venture partners and third-parties. The net effect of this activity reduced net operating income, including our pro rata share from the joint ventures, by $23.5 million. This was largely offset by a reduction in financing costs of $18.2 million related to lower debt levels of $1 billion, lower interest rates on debt refinancings and the redemption of our $175 million, 6.9% preferred stock last year. Recurring tax savings from the TRS REIT merger were an additional contributor. Turning to our operating metrics, U.S. occupancy stands at 95.1%, down 90 basis points from last quarter and 50 basis points from a year ago. The Sports Authority’s store closures account for 85 days as points of the decrease from last quarter. Positive net absorption of 35 basis points from a year ago mitigated the TSA impact. As Conor mentioned, our operating team is making great strides in releasing these boxes, with quality tenants that will drive increased traffic to the centers. Occupancy of our boxes over 10,000 square feet remain a healthy 97% than our small shop occupancy is 89.2% of 120 basis points from the year ago. Leasing spreads continue to be strong, with new leasing spreads up 26.6% and renewal on option spreads up 7.8%, for combined spreads of 12.9%. U.S. same-site NOI growth was 3.3% for the quarter, notwithstanding a 110 basis point negative impact from the Sports Authority bankruptcy. Redevelopments contributed 60 basis points this quarter. For the nine months, U.S. same-site NOI growth stands at 2.9%, including a negative 60 basis point impact from TSA. We have narrowed our U.S. same-site NOI guidance for the full year to a range of 2.7% to 3.3% from the previous range of 2.5% to 3.5%. We remain focused on further strengthening our balance sheet metrics and debt maturity profile. Consolidated net debt to EBITDA, as adjusted is 5.8x, with a target of 5x to 5.5x. On a look through basis, including pro rata joint venture debt and perpetual preferred stock, the look through metric was 7.1x, with a goal of 6.4x to 6.9x. During the quarter, we issued a new $500 million 10-year unsecured bond at a coupon of 2.8%, the second lowest 10-year coupon ever issued by a REIT. Over the last year, we have extended our consolidated weighted average debt maturity profile to 6.7 years from 4.3 years just a year ago. We opportunistically utilize our ATM program to issue 4.8 million shares of common stock at a weighted average sale price of $30.59 per share, raising $146.7 million of proceeds. The proceeds we used for accretive and value creating acquisitions of the four property joint venture buyouts and the Kentlands project that Ross mentioned in his remarks. Year-to-date, we have issued 9.8 million shares of common stock, raising net proceeds of $285 million. Let me spend a moment on guidance. Based on the solid results during the first nine months, achieving $1.12 per diluted share for FFO as adjusted, we are narrowing our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range to $1.49 to $1.51 from the previous per share guidance range of $1.48 to $1.52. For the nine months, we achieved NAREIT defined FFO of $0.94 per diluted share. We previously stated that our 2016 NAREIT defined FFO guidance included a partial Albertsons monetization in the fourth quarter. As Conor mentioned, we are not anticipating a monetization of our Albertsons investment this year. As such, we revised our NAREIT defined FFO guidance to a range of $1.30 to $1.32 at a midpoint of $1.31 from the previous range of $1.34 to $1.42, with a midpoint of $1.38. The reduction is solely attributable to not monetizing a portion of our Albertsons investment this year. We remain confident that we will be able to do so in accordance with our 2020 Vision. We are currently deeply into our property by property budget process and we will provide 2017 guidance on our next earnings call. Our initial 2017 NAREIT defined guidance range will not include any transactional encumbered expense. As such, our NAREIT defined FFO per share range and our FFO as adjusted per share range will be comparable at the start of the year and will only differ upon the execution of specifically identified transactional events. We remain focused on growing our recurring earnings and cash flows. Lastly, we are pleased to announce that based on our 2016 performance and expectations for 2017, our Board of Directors has approved an increase in the common stock quarterly cash dividend to $0.27 per share from $0.255, an increase of 5.9% on an annualized basis. Our FFO as adjusted payout ratio remains conservative among the lowest in the peer group. And with that we would be happy to answer your questions.
David Bujnick: We are ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. Due to the large volume of participants in the queue, we request a one question limit with an appropriate follow-up. This will provide all callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you are more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Carrie, you may take our first caller.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy: Hi, good morning everyone. Conor, as you think about the profitability that we are nearing the end of the cycle, there is increasing evidence of softness in retailing and you talked about, in your opening remarks about greater supplies fees, you have a lot teed up in terms of larger scale redevelopment ramification over the next several years, how might your capital allocation priority shift with the potential for a slowdown in demand from rentals?
Conor Flynn: It’s a good question. I think when you look at our pipeline of opportunities over the next 5 years, a lot of the projects that we have identified have enormous amount of pre-leasing involved in those projects. And when we always look at the projects, we also look at offering, so to give us the opportunity to hit the pause button if and when our cost of capital changes or if the market changes on us. But we feel really confident in the projects we have identified. We are also making big strides on announcing pre-leasing on all those projects. So I think when you look at the risk reward, we still feel really strong about what they will deliver to our shareholders over the next 5 years. That said, going forward, we are going to be very careful on what we add to the pipeline. We want to be sure that it’s something that checks all the boxes with our strategy and where we want to take the company and the portfolio. And we also want to be very careful in terms of how much more we add to the pipeline. You will probably see maybe another development deal or two, but maybe probably not much more than that over the 5 years. But you will see us ramp up redevelopment where we see the opportunity, because we continue to believe that, that’s the best use of our capital risk adjusted and continue to think that there is more to come when you look at our shadow supply.
Christy McElroy: Okay. And then just a follow-up for Glenn or Dave Davison, can you talk about same-store operating expenses by operating and expense, maintenance volume has shown some pretty consistent declines this year. What are the main drivers of that? How should we be thinking about the impact of margin changes on same-store NOI growth going forward?
Glenn Cohen: Again, we spent a lot of time trying to be the low cost provider. We spent a lot of time watching the maintenance things that have to happen at the projects. So, we try to keep costs down as best we can as we go along and you see that over and over again. I think the other thing you have is, some of it’s also a little bit of timing just based on wet weathers and things like that, whether it be from the step side, where snow is hitting, which obviously hasn’t hit yet the amount of parking lot projects that we have in any given point in time. But the main focus really is maintaining and keeping costs low and efficient at the properties.
Conor Flynn: I would just add that it might be the early signs of our clustering strategy starting to take effect, because we are a bit more efficient now that we look at our portfolio today versus 5 years ago and how tightly concentrated it is. It allows us to manage more with less.
Christy McElroy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Could you just help me understand the separation schedule a little bit? I mean, there is a big difference like with most REITs between the leases that are set to expire with options and without. Generally speaking, what is a good metric for that for how much you are going to actually roll and maybe you can comment on the lease credit expectations?
Conor Flynn: I am sorry, Ki Bin, we didn’t understand your question. Are you asking about lease expiration schedules?
Ki Bin Kim: Yes. So, your 2017 lease expiration schedule, there is usually a very wide gap between what’s set to expire with options or without options or if options were executed versus not being executed. So, I was wondering, what is a good [indiscernible], basically, what is a good amount that you actually – the actual amount that you actually roll? And if you maybe provide some commentary on some of the mark-to-market opportunity that you look into 2017?
Glenn Cohen: Right. Well, so I will start, I am sure Conor will add in. Roughly, 75% of the tenants exercise their options. So, that you see this wide gap, which is why the amount of liquidity in the leases that happens in any given year is relatively modest. In terms of upside in the below market rents, we know that over the next 3 years, we have close to 90 leases, 90 anchor leases alone where we think the upside in those leases is roughly 50% in total. So, we see a fair amount of upside as we look out the next few years.
Conor Flynn: Yes. And its part of our strategy and it has been for a long period of time to focus on huge mark-to-market opportunities and to acquire assets that have below market leases. So, when you look at those anchor maturity schedule, the ones that are below market are typically going to exercise that option unless there comes a time where they give space back to us. And we are starting to see some opportunities there come to fruition. So, when you look at our mark-to-market opportunities, what we try and do is we show you the ones where we have control over, where there is no more options left, where we think that those spreads are very much achievable and continue to try and harvest that for the portfolio.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And so if you had to latter it out, is it more coming in earlier – in the next 3 years or later in the next 3 years, just to get a better sense of that timing?
Conor Flynn: I think it’s relatively equal over the last 3 years.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, it’s pretty equal what’s going to come year after year.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan of Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Paul Morgan: Hi, good morning. You talked about a couple of different places, cap rates and narrowing definition among institutional investors in kind of what is core, what’s not and how it’s little bit harder to sell non-core assets. I mean, could you maybe dive in a little bit more, is there a way to kind of quantify maybe how much that spread has widened in the past 6, 9 months? And then in what ways is the definition getting there? Are we talking about secondary markets or just sort of demographics within metros or the tenancy of a center, any detail?
Conor Flynn: Sure. When we look sort of in our experience in the market today that the fully occupied stabilized assets are the ones where we are really seeing the shallower buyer pool, particularly without a grocery anchor. The grocery anchored shopping center still see a bit of a deeper bench of bidders. But by way of example, our Q3 dispositions average in the mid-7s on a cap rate range. Overall, for the year, blended, we are closer to a 7. So, that puts in a little bit into context. But that being said we are fortunate that we are in the very latter stages of our disposition process, so not every property that we put into the market is transacted. If we don’t like the pricing, then we haven’t sold it, but we have been pretty successful so far this year and we think that we will be for the rest of the year. In regards to the second part of the question, yes, I think that all buyer types, whether institutional or private are chasing upside value add in some form or fashion. So, it really is regardless of the location the flatter income streams without any foreseeable growth have been challenging to move. But certainly, I think the definitions of core from a market perspective continue to narrow to the major markets and it’s the secondary and the tertiary markets where the institutional investors are just really not focused at all regardless of the quality of the asset within that market.
Paul Morgan: Great. That’s helpful. And just as a follow-up on Albertsons, you talked early in the year about exploring maybe a pre-IPO options for monetization. And I heard you say that, that’s not going to be in your kind of initial outlook for ‘17 at least in terms of the guidance. Is that still on the table I mean or are you just kind of looking at maybe a longer term sort of situation there? You commented on the real estate value of $12 billion. Is kind of that one mechanism maybe for you to just kind of start to take some of the capital off the table?
Conor Flynn: Well, I think obviously we are monitoring the investment very closely. Again, there is a lot of headwinds at the moment just relative to the supermarket industry between the food deflation that we have talked about. And quite candidly, the IPO market is still pretty challenging. Having said that, the business is performing very well. The synergies that have been forecasted are coming to fruition and the longer we go more of those synergies come and create more EBITDA for the company. So, it’s really the group itself, us and our partners, are monitoring the market closely. You see that with keeping our S-1 current. So, we are watching very closely for the right opportunity to begin to monetize the investments. You can look at who our partners are and know that at some point, where it makes sense, we are going to look to monetize the investment. That is clearly the path for all of us. But we want to do it prudently and where it makes the most sense to create the most shareholder value for us and everybody else in the group. So, we have the ability to be very, very patient with it.
Paul Morgan: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Metz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, guys. Good morning. I wanted to go back to Christy’s question in some of your opening remarks about seeing an increase in supply and continuing to monitor shadow pipeline and potential increase on vacant department stores. So, I am wondering based on what you are seeing today, is it making you more receptive to just getting some deals done when you can versus holding or pushing or even waiting for some sort of ideal replacement tenant?
Glenn Cohen: It’s balanced. Every side is looked at, at a location basis and what’s going on in that market. You have to really look at the supply side. Clearly, we are looking at supply now with malls as part of that and want to identify the highest and best use for the asset and what’s the best retailer we have to replace the vacancy with? We still see strong demand. I mean, if you look at our categories, we still see strong demand from off-price, home improvement, specialty and traditional groceries, sporting goods, arts and crafts, pet supply, health and wellness, beauty, fitness. I mean these are all categories that are alive and well and looking to grow store count. And you see that coming up in our pipeline. I mean this quarter we did more anchor deals than we have done all year. And we have a healthy pipeline looking forward. So even though there has been a bit more supply added to the system, it’s very much a local business. You have to look at each and every site individually and make the best decision you can, merchandising mix wise as well as for the net asset value of the property. And right now, where we sit, we still feel that we are in the sweet spot of retail.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And for my second one, just one on the Sports Authority, you mentioned having 7 of the 25 fully committed, at this point if we go back to last quarter, you had talked about hoping to have everything re-leased in 6 months to 12 months, so I m wondering, is that still the timeframe you are thinking about. And then from a rent commencement standpoint, when should we realistically be thinking about that rent coming back in your earnings?
Conor Flynn: I think that’s still like our goal for the team to execute on. Clearly, we have got some work to do there, but we feel good about the momentum we have displayed this quarter and hope to continue to display each and every quarter. I think the rent commencement will coincide, depending on the box and what we have to do with it. Some of the boxes will be redevelopments, where we have to expand the box. And some of them we will be splitting like we did for Home Goods and Ulta. So those are a bit more complicated deals. And the RCDs may lag versus say, just a pure backfill. But those are ones where we believe we are adding the best-in-class retailers that help the site valuation wise as well as traffic and sales wise. So you will see us constant laddered approach to the RCDs.
Glenn Cohen: In terms of modeling, I would say the second half of ‘17, towards the back half of ‘17 is when the cash will start flowing. So if you think about the way we calculate same-site NOI growth, it will be more towards the back end of ‘17 where it will begin flowing.
Jeremy Metz: Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Jake Harlington of Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Jake Harlington: Hi guys. So maybe just kind of staying on the path, just given the amount of boxes that have been going off-line over the last few years from bankruptcies, is there anything different you are doing internally may be versus a couple of years ago to become more efficient turning them around, I know it’s a normal part of the business, but do you need to or have you shifted or added resources to this effort to maybe mitigate some of the downtime?
Conor Flynn: It’s always been part of our business. We think we are one of the best-in-class when it comes to leasing. I mean we talk about it every day-in and day-out and talk about how we can be more efficient and what we can do to drive more leasing because that’s the fuel. That’s what makes the business run. So we are looking at everything. I think when we try and be creative. We throw everything up the wall. And we like to come up with ideas and incentives that make us unique and make people want to do deals with Kimco, first and foremost. So we will always take that approach. And always try and make sure we are doing everything we can in our power to get the leases executed as quickly as possible, whether it’s condensing the deal flow in terms of how long it takes from start to finish. And then also getting that rent commencement occurring quickly and making sure each client can test that timeframe. So we are looking at everything we can. So it’s not a silver bullet type thing, every deal is different.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I would just add also, you have to understand, we have our entire platform of operating people looking at every lease that we have, we have a watch list. So we are always analyzing and looking for who the potential might be that might go out and talking to tenants well in advance. So that when it does happen, we are not starting at ground zero. We have already had a lot of conversations because again, at the end of the day for us, the key is to get the rent flowing as quickly as we can. So we really are focused on the watch list tenants and where we can put someone back in places if someone was to go out.
Jake Harlington: Okay. And maybe as a quick follow-up to that, as you work through your budgeting process for ‘17, how are you thinking about potential bankruptcies for next year, how does that watch list look, has it been growing or is it shrinking or about the same?
Conor Flynn: Well, it’s about the same. I mean when we look at budgeting for next year, we always carry a pretty sizable amount for bankruptcies. And so we feel like we have a nice cushion when you look at our portfolio of spread of risks and our number one tenant is TJX, a relatively small percentage of our NOI. And then we look and see what we can do in terms of leasing. And right now, we feel like we still have momentum moving in our favor and obviously, we have a lot of execution that needs to get done. But when you look at our pipeline of people that are expanding, we feel good about the occupancy growth that we can provide and just need to execute on that.
Jake Harlington: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning out there. Just two questions, first Glenn, just going back to your earlier response in Albertsons, I think you guys did or we are trying to pursue sort of a private stake sale, so just sort of curious if how those conversations went, was it a matter of price or the fact that the stake would also have to be offered to the other partners in the consortium, in which case, just it didn’t make sense, either the buyer didn’t have enough capital or wasn’t worth it, so if you could just provide a little bit more color on how the private market is for private investments, like Albertsons?
Ray Edwards: Hi. It’s Ray. First off Kimco, by itself never tried to sell individually part of our investment in Albertsons solo. We decided and I think that’s what Conor was referring to and we elected not to pursue modernization on our own at this point. We never even tried to do that. The company did have some conversations with people, but in the end, we think the prioritization, it wasn’t just the monetary portion of it, it was the structure of the deal, whether we want to be a private company with additional partners or not, that’s what we really would have been. And we have elected that wasn’t the right way for the company to go. So that’s why we didn’t pursue with the private place.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then just as a follow-up to that, I think you guys did outline at the Investor Day that the Albertsons is a source of capital and right now from a GAAP perspective, I think it’s not contributing at all to Kimco, but if you could just provide some color one, on if you are not able to monetize next year, how it does impact capital plan. And two, does Kimco get any cash flow or anything that may not show up in the GAAP P&L, but at least sort of compensated Kimco for having this capital tied up in Albertsons?
Glenn Cohen: No. I mean again, as I have said in many conferences, the Albertsons investment is a cost method investment for us. The company prudently is using all its free cash flow to pay down debt. So it’s improving the value of the entity, but we don’t get any EBITDA from it, we don’t get any cash currently and we don’t get any NOI or FFO contribution from it. So the way we view the investment today is it is really upside when the monetization does happen. Yes, we did – we have it as part of our capital plan through our 5-year period for our 2020 vision. But it’s relatively modest amounts in any given year. So we have plenty of other levers to work through if the monetization wouldn’t happen during 2017. We are very comfortable with our capital plan and our liquidity position, certainly, to deal with our redevelopments or developments and things that we are doing, because the company generates between $125 million and $150 million of free cash flow after we pay our dividends.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you, Glenn.
Glenn Cohen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Conor, I guess I was just hoping you could provide some thoughts on how you are thinking about your capital allocation more broadly today, beyond your redevelopment and development pipeline how is the recent move in rates in your stock price and changing rates impacted your investment return requirements. And as part of that, I would also appreciate some thoughts specifically on potential stock repurchases given your stock here in the mid-20s versus what you guys let nearly $31?
Conor Flynn: Well, we always look at capital allocation as our priority. And when you look at the pipeline of what we have outlined, clearly the redevelopments are the most accretive in terms of returns to the company and the shareholders. So you can’t really remove that from the analysis, because we think that’s number one, two and three for us going forward. And we have - as we have said a number of different times, we have all the assets internally to work over. We don’t actually have to go out, trying to acquire assets in a very competitive market to try and create that internal value. So clearly for us, that’s a big differentiator and we still think we are in the early innings of unlocking that value from the portfolio. Our share price has moved to – with along with the interest rates environments. And we obviously can’t control that. We did take advantage of the ATM when – last quarter when we thought that it was prudent and we used it accordingly and we will continue to monitor that. But for us, when we look in the open market, we want to be extremely selective. As company of our size, we feel like we need right now to be extremely selective on third-party acquisitions and you have seen us do that and continue to finish off our disposition. So, we have a 5-year plan that’s outlined. We have all the building blocks internally to really unlock tremendous amount of value for our shareholders. And for us, it’s all about execution and making sure we deliver home those results.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I would just add in terms of the buyback question, again, putting capital into our business when we think we can get higher yields, as Conor mentioned, the redevelopments give us that. So at this point, I don’t see that, that’s something that really is on the table when necessary at this point. Again, you do that when that’s the last thing you have to create investment. We still want to invest in our product and our properties.
Conor Flynn: That’s right.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate that. And follow-up on the Sports Authority discussion, can you guys talk a bit about the rents you are getting, I guess, rent spreads versus prior rents and how much capital you are putting into some of these boxes to get them released?
Conor Flynn: Yes, the mark-to-market on the deals that have been executed is right around 5%, 5.5%. So, we think that, that should be the case going forward on our boxes there. The TI has been somewhere between $30 and $50 a foot in TI for the back fill of the normal box, it’s right around $30 if you need to split it. Obviously, it takes a little bit more cash and capital to reposition it. So, that’s where it comes in at the $50 per square foot range. So, we feel pretty good about the demand sources there and continue to think that we can show measured improvement along the way.
Haendel St. Juste: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: Hey, guys. Good morning. So, just quick question going back to Albertsons and I am sorry to continue to focus on this. But just hypothetically speaking, you had mentioned you had a lot of levers to pull if you could not monetize Albertsons in 2017. Is there any sort of guidance as to what – which of those levers you might prefer in the event that a monetization didn’t occur? Is it – could you give the guidance if it’s more senior unsecured debt that seems to be a really attractive option for you right now given from a financing perspective? Is it an equity capital raise? What are you guys thinking there?
Glenn Cohen: Really, all the options are there whether it be an ATM if the stock price makes sense to us where it is, the unsecured debt markets, we continue to be very successful and have continued to lengthen an important piece that is lengthen our debt maturity profile. So, I am sure you will see us continue to be in the unsecured bond market. We have sales that were still not done. We will still have some more dispositions that will be part of next year that we will have talked about. But the bank community is another very much supportive of what we do. So, if we wanted to do a term loan within the bank market, obviously, we have our line. We have $1.750 billion line that has very little drawn on it. So, we have a lot of opportunities. I would tell you the one thing we are not looking to do is to put mortgage debt on our consolidated properties. But even there, if that was the only market open, we even have that ability with close to 400 unencumbered assets.
Rich Hill: Got it. Got it. I will stop my questions there. Thank you. That’s helpful.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Hey, JPMorgan. Can you talk a little bit about your decision to buyout the partner stake in the four properties? I think it was in September. Was it set on wind or did you just practically go after the properties and why?
Conor Flynn: Sure. I will comment on that. I mean, we are constantly evaluating our JV program. That particular portfolio was one that we have had discussions with our partner many times over the last few years. It was a window of opportunity that fortunately opened up for us and we seized upon it. In terms of the assets themselves, they are all located within our core markets. We obviously know them very well having owned, leased and managed them for well over a decade. So, we believe that there is still opportunity. They fit the program for us really well. In fact, we have already executed a 56,000 square foot lease at our property in Atlanta. So, we are already seeing the benefits of that ownership piece. So, it’s – when you look at the JV program sort of in its totality, we continue to see it as an opportunity for us to acquire interest in very high quality assets that we already have a strong familiarity with. So, we will continue to seek opportunities from the JVs when the opportunity presents themselves.
Mike Mueller: Okay, that was it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Lucas of Capital One Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Hey, good morning everyone. I guess, Conor, maybe if you could give us a sense as to what the balance is between sort of the landlord versus tenant negotiation situation stands right now? In other words, has – I think over the last year or so, it’s felt like landlords have had continuously better positioning for negotiating with tenants. Is that shifting at all back or is it still sort of feels like the wins at your back?
Conor Flynn: It really comes down to the asset and the location of it, if you think about it. The high quality assets still demands premium and there is still a tremendous amount of retailers that have a flexible format to get into those high quality pieces of real estate. That’s where we are seeing the strongest demand. That’s where we want to be long-term. That’s why we have identified our target markets and we have done a lot of heavy lifting to get to those assets and to get to those target markets. So, that’s where we see the demand continue to be strong. And so we feel good about the supply and demand is still in balance there clearly. The added supply does change a little bit of the environment, but again, it all drills down to the location and how strong that asset is relative to the surrounding assets. And we feel good about our positioning.
Chris Lucas: Okay. And then if I can make – ask a follow-up just on the transaction market. You talked about the quality spreads between core and sort of non-core, but I was curious as to whether or not the portfolio of discount versus one-off transactions has widened or stayed the same over the last few months?
Glenn Cohen: We have not seen too many portfolio transactions executed in the marketplace. So, like Kimco, many of the investors out there are very focused on specific markets and asset types. We haven’t seen too many portfolios that have similar high-quality locations. So, the portfolios that have been on the marketplace have not achieved any sort of premium. So, as we look at our disposition program, we continue to feel that the best way to execute for us is really on a one-off basis or some very small select portfolios. But I think that the portfolio discount is certainly there and it’s hard to move large portfolios in non-core assets.
Chris Lucas: Great, thank you.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Carrie to everybody that participated on our call today. Have a wonderful weekend.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - VP, Investor Relations Conor Flynn - President & CEO Glenn Cohen - CFO Ross Cooper - EVP & CIO Ray Edwards - EVP, Retailer Services Business
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Citi Investment Research Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Samir Khanal - Evercore ISI Jeremy Metz - UBS Haendel St. Juste - Mizuho Paul Morgan - Canaccord Genuity Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank  Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley  Collin Mings - Raymond James  Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities Jason White - Green Street Advisors Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets R.J. Milligan - Robert W. Baird
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kimco's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Thanks and good morning and thank you for joining Kimco's second quarter earnings call. With me on the call this morning is Conor Flynn, President and Chief Executive Officer; Ross Cooper, our Chief Investment Officer, and Glenn Cohen, our CFO. In addition, other members of our executive team are also available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks; including Milton, our Executive Chairman; Dave Jamieson, our EVP of Asset Management and Operations; and Ray Edwards, our Executive Vice President of Retailer Services. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking. And it is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors.  During this presentation management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks Dave. Good morning everyone. Today we will report on major milestones that encompass our 2020 vision. I will give a quick update on the execution of our strategic goals, quarterly metrics and development and redevelopment pipelines before turning it over to Ross to cover acquisitions and dispositions, followed by Glenn to discuss our financial results.  We are making great strides in creating long term shareholder value as we continue to simplify and strengthen our business. With our recent Canadian dispositions, our strategic exit from Canada is over 90% complete. And we have further reduced our joint venture investment. More specifically, the number of properties in our JV portfolio now stands at 152 as compared to 551 sites in 2010, a decrease of 72%. And the overall value of the joint venture portfolio is currently $5.4 billion gross as compared to $12.3 billion gross in 2010, a decrease of 56%.  We are further simplifying our capital structure by redeeming our Canadian bonds to coincide with our exit of Canada. We will also prepay an unsecured bond and a portion of our US mortgages that come due in 2017, to take full advantage of the all time low rate environment and further extend our maturity profile.  We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities in the capital markets, including the use of our ATM to improve the balance sheet as we strive to achieve our publicly stated goal of achieving an A minus A3 credit rating. All of these efforts will put Kimco in a position of strength for the next cycle and move us closer to our 2020 vision.  Internally we will be merging our primary taxable REIT subsidiary into the parent company, thus transferring long term hold assets into the REIT structure to simplify and make our holdings more efficient. Overall the strong fundamentals of high quality open air centers continue to demonstrate why we believe we are, to use Milton's words, in the sweet spot of retail.  Supply and demand remain in check with limited new development on the horizon. Retailers with new formats in off price specialty and traditional grocers, pet stores: home improvement, fitness, wellness and beauty are all looking to grow store count.  Our occupancy is up to 96% with our anchor boxes at 98.3% and our small shop occupancy improving to 89.2%. Achieving an eight-year high in occupancy could not have been accomplished without the incredible effort of our entire team. New deal spreads improved to 29.8% demonstrating the portfolio’s mark-to-market opportunity. Renewals and options also improved 10.7% to produce an impressive combined leasing spread of 16.2%, our highest in three years. Same-site NOI increased 3.1% which included 30 basis points from redevelopment.  Notwithstanding the success, the Sports Authority liquidation will create some near term headwinds but will result in long term positives. Our exposure to Sports Authority has been reduced with retailers acquiring two leases at auction, reducing our exposure to 1.1% of ABR.  We also see the opportunity to buy back the lease at our Farmington, Connecticut property which has 52 years of term remaining at a $4 rent which was dramatically below market. The numerous auction delays and false starts resulted in a shallow pool of retailers that were willing to pay the unpaid pre-petition rent and live by the existing lease terms. Throughout the auction process we've been proactively marketing the 23 remaining boxes and a one fully executed lease and LOIs working on all remaining locations. We see further opportunity to add a grocery component in certain locations and the ability to mark to market undervalued leases.  Based upon the interest we are receiving, we are optimistic the absorption of these spaces will be swift over the next six to twelve months. We are maintaining our full year guidance for same-site NOI growth and occupancy based on our re-forecasts that incorporate the impact from the Sports Authority liquidation and the demand for our high quality real estate.  Progress continues on our strategic development and redevelopment pipeline, especially on our larger projects that we are calling the Signature Series. Whole Foods in Wynnewood, PA is now installing fixtures in their new store they set to open in September. Grand Parkway in Houston is on schedule and is now 89% pre-leased. The Target pad was turned over on June 10. And all 7 junior anchor leases are fully executed.  Grant Parkway Phase II is also moving forward with two of the three anchor boxes fully executed with the Academy Sports and Hobby Lobby. Dania Pointe in the Fort Lauderdale MSA is also on schedule. The Costco pad is being prepped with turnover set for second quarter of 2017. Phase II of Dania has kicked off pre-leasing and we are happy to announce the fully executed anchor lease with H&M.  Our major redevelopments are also gaining traction, highlighted by the new parking garage at Pentagon which is nearing completion. This will allow us to move forward with the Phase I densification. Our redevelopments for the quarter are projected to produce 9.9% return on invested capital and we continue to believe this growing pipeline is a major differentiator for Kimco as we are just getting started with the repositioning of our top assets.  As you can see, our 2020 vision is coming more and more into focus as we create a portfolio of assets that is both resilient to economic downturns and at the same time able to attract the best tenants to generate quality earnings growth and expand our overall net asset value. Our portfolio is focused and concentrated in the best U.S. markets with the best demographics.  Our shopping center strikes a wonderful balance with off-price and grocery anchors and just the right mix of small shop tenants. These are the types of centers that consumers return to again and again in good times and bad, whether they're looking to restock the refrigerator at Albertsons, treasure hunt at TJX or get a haircut or manicure. When you add our Signature Series of development and redevelopment projects to the solid defensive foundation, the portfolio’s changing profile is dramatic both in quality and value.  Ross will now walk you through our transactions for the quarter. 
Ross Cooper: Thanks, Conor. With the execution of our second quarter transaction activity completed, we took another big step towards our goals of reducing leverage, joint ventures and non-core market ownership. The largest driver of our progress was the continued and accelerated pace of our Canadian exit, highlighted by the Anthem transaction which closed last month.  Coupled with the sale of several additional Canadian assets, we have now sold over 90% of our Canadian LOI with the remainder to be sold by year end. In the US we took advantage of the strong investor demand for shopping centers with the disposition of 12 assets for $220 million. This included the sale of our last remaining asset in Mississippi as well as other non-core assets in markets, such as Council Bluffs, Iowa and Overland Park, Kansas.  The blended cap rate on the dispositions for the quarter was 6.6% which was in line with our expectations. We will continue to selectively prune the portfolio to enhance the overall quality on a go forward basis.  On the acquisition side, we remain laser focused on high quality assets with both long and short term growth located within strong demographic areas. As previously announced, the acquisition of our partner share in Oakwood Plaza and Dania not only provides Kimco with 100% ownership of two of the largest and highest quality projects in the portfolio but also further achieves the goal of JV reduction.  Additionally, we are excited to announce the planned acquisition of the Kentlands marketplace, a 250,000 square foot Whole Foods anchored center in Gaithersburg, Maryland. This metro DC asset provides a unique opportunity to own a highly coveted infill asset with excellent grocery sales of almost $1300 a square foot and also has significant near term upside and redevelopment potential. Closing is anticipated in the next couple of weeks and we look forward to sharing our plans for this asset.  Our transactional activity for the year has been front loaded with asset sales as we have sold 821 million KIM share which bumped against the low end of our initial 2016 disposition range of 825 million to 975 million. With over 20 assets either under contract with accepted offers or in the market, we are increasing our full year 2016 disposition range to $1 billion to $1.15 billion. Our 2016 estimate for acquisitions remains intact at $450 million to $550 million as we will have purchased approximately 250 million of shopping centers, including the pending Kentlands acquisition.  The environment for quality real estate remains hypercompetitive but we continue to evaluate unique opportunities and pick our spots. Capital is abundant with significant equity being placed by foreign investors, pension funds life companies, private equity and REITs. Debt is readily available from CMBS and life companies with historically low rates and yields are expected to stay low for the near future.  Recent sub-5% cap rates on open air shopping center transactions have closed in New York, New Jersey Metro, Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco, Austin, Texas, Washington D.C. and South Florida. These are all primary markets for Kimco where we have a strong established presence.  Single tenant ground leases with strong credit are trading in the low 4% range and even sub-4% in some cases which bodes well for the value of our long term ground leases with the likes of Walmart, Costco, Home Depot and others.  With that, I am happy to pass it over to Glenn to provide detail on the financials. 
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Ross and good morning. We continue to execute on the key components of our 2020 vision that Conor and Ross described. Our 2020 vision is focused on both the left side of the balance sheet as well as the right side as we continue to further improve our debt metrics and balance sheet position.  Now for some color on the quarter and further details regarding the three strategic initiatives we announced last night which we believe will further improve our capital structure as well as our recurring growth profile and tax efficiency in both the short term and long term.  Headline FFO per share which represents the official NAREIT definition was $0.38 for the second quarter, meeting First Call consensus. As a reminder, our consensus estimate is based on NAREIT defined FFO. Included in the headline result is one penny per share attributable to profit participation from the sale of a preferred equity investment.  Headline FFO per share for the second quarter last year was $0.44 which included $0.08 per share attributable to the gain on the sale of our marketable securities investment in SUPERVALU. FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO, which excludes transactional income and expense and non-operating impairments was $0.37 per diluted share for the second quarter, the same level as last year. We achieved this level despite a $17 million decrease in net operating income primarily attributable to the significant Canadian and U.S. property dispositions over the past year. This was largely offset by a $15 million reduction in financing costs related to lower debt levels, lower interest rates on debt refinancing and the redemption of our 6.9% preferred stock last year.  For the six months FFO as adjusted per share is $0.74, up from $0.73 for the comparable period last year and on target with our recurring forecast and guidance expectations. We ended the second quarter with consolidated net debt to recurring EBITDA of 5.7 times, down from 6.3 times a year ago.  In addition, our net debt to EBITDA on a look-through basis is 6.9 times, which includes our $800 million of preferred stock which is all callable next year and our pro-rata share of joint venture debt which by the way is down to $843 million from a peak of $3 billion. The 6.9 times level is at the high end of our target range of 6.4 times to 6.9 times that we announced at our 2020 vision investor day. We improved our debt maturity profile with the addition of $150 million to our 4.25% 30-year bonds and we also issued 38.9 million of common equity through our ATM program in the early part of the quarter.  Now for some additional color on the three strategic initiatives announced last night. Initiative one: redeeming our outstanding Canadian bonds. As Ross mentioned, with the completed sale of Canadian assets representing over 90% of our Canadian NOI, it’s no longer necessary to have the Canadian denominated bonds outstanding. This is clearly an opportunity for us to further de-lever the balance sheet. As such, we will be redeeming the Canadian denominated $350 million of bonds at the end of August using the proceeds from the Canadian sales which have also produced over $111 million of non-FFO gain year to date. We expect to incur a prepayment charge of approximately $26 million or $0.06 per share which will impact net income and headline FFO in the third quarter.  Initiative 2: The prepayment of U.S. debt that's due in 2017. As part of reaching our stated goal of increasing our unsecured credit ratings to A minus and A3 we want to further extend our debt maturity profile, further improve our fixed charge and debt service coverage ratios and increase our unencumbered asset pool. To this end we'll be redeeming our $290.9 million, 5.7% bond during 2017 and prepaying $137 million of 6.32% mortgage debt, that’s due in December 2017.  The funding of the aggregate principal amount of $427.9 million and the prepayment charge of $22 million or $0.05 per share which will impact net income and headline FFO will be made with a combination of proceeds from asset sales, availability under our revolving credit facility and depending on market conditions issuance of an unsecured bond.  Initiative three: merging our primary taxable REIT subsidiary, Kimco Realty Services into Kimco Realty Corporation. This tax free merger will effectively transfer the ownership of our Albertsons investment in over 30 shopping center assets, many of which were developed in our former merchant building are retained and today are considered long term hold properties. This transaction will provide as greater tax efficiency as well as reduce our administrative costs.  In conjunction with the merger which is expected to be completed in the third quarter, generally accepted accounting principles require the establishment of a valuation reserve when it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. As such non-cash charge against net income of $66 million or $0.16 per share and headline FFO of $41 million or $0.10 per share respectively would be recorded. The difference between the net income charge and the FFO charge is related to the tax impact from impairments previously taken on operating properties which were excluded from FFO.  Subsequent to the merger, a portion of this valuation reserve may no longer be required in the event certain taxable transactions related to these assets occur. This would include a monetization of our Albertsons investment. In total the three initiatives just discussed are expected to have a total impact on net income of approximately $114 million or $0.27 per share and our headline FFO of $89 million or $0.21 per share. As a result of the charges, we are revising our headline FFO per share guidance range to $1.34 to $1.42 with the midpoint of $1.38 from the previous headline FFO per share guidance range of $1.54 to $1.62 with the midpoint of $1.58.  We continue to anticipate that the bulk of our transactions will occur in the fourth quarter. We are reaffirming our FFO as adjusted, recurring FFO per share guidance range of $1.48 to $1.52 with a midpoint of $1.50 which builds upon our solid first half performance and the expected benefits from the three initiatives along with the impact from the Sports Authority liquidation and our increased disposition range.  And with that we'd be happy to take your questions. 
Conor Flynn: We're ready to move on to the Q&A portion of the call due to the large volume of participants in the queue. We request that you respect a one question limit with the appropriate follow up. This will provide all of our callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you're welcome to rejoin the queue. Kate, you can take our first caller. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi. 
Christy McElroy : Hi good morning everyone. Glenn, just on the U.S. debt paydown portion, just want to make sure that I understand the timing of the sources and uses. I realize the note paydown will be in August but, or the mortgages will be prepaid then also? And then what's the expectation for sort further asset sale timing in the second half in terms of funding it and then when would you expect to do another bond deal, if so? And then just trying to get a sense for where the line of credit stands at year end?
Glenn Cohen: So we ended really good shape – well, I’ll take in pieces. The line of credit, we ended with about $100 million on, so we have plenty of capacity on a $1.75 billion credit facility. As it relates to the mortgages that we will be prepaying, that will probably happen on September 1, notices have been sent to them and then the bonds will be paid at the end of the month. So we have roughly -- it's 30 days, 35 days and we will monitor the bond market closely and probably be active sooner than later I would guess.  As it relates to the asset sales, again there's a fair amount, I think Ross mentioned that there's twenty assets that are either under contract or that we have whoppers on. So the second part of the year you'll see another few hundred million dollars of sales that will help fund all these transactions that we're doing. As it relates to Canadian bonds, the cash -- most of the cash is already sitting on the balance sheet. 
Christy McElroy : And then just a quick follow up on the TRS merger I think that 8 million of the 29 million annual savings, that’s presumably most of that 8 million in the corporate tax provisions, and how much is the reduced administrative costs that could impact G&A within that number?
Glenn Cohen: It's a few hundred thousand dollars because you're dealing with less tax returns and there’s a lot of other compliance related issues that will be able to mitigate. 
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt : I guess for Ross, given your description of the environment, I'm wondering if you think cap rates could even go lower for a community strip shopping centers in major metro markets in the latter half of 2016?
Ross Cooper: Yeah we absolutely do. And I think nobody has been touting that for a while now and we absolutely have seen in the market on deals that we're chasing particularly those core markets that I mentioned in the scripts and they continue to go lower. Unlevered IRR expectations are in the 5s and we continue to be disciplined but we feel that there's opportunities if we pick our spots which we will continue to do similar to this Kentlands acquisitions in D.C. 
Craig Schmidt : And has this accelerated post Brexit decision?
Ross Cooper: I think we've seen it over the course of the year. That certainly has factored into I think a renewed vigor and search for yield that you just – you can't find it anywhere else and a lot of investors have continued to focus on on the U.S. shopping center industry. 
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore ISI.
Samir Khanal : Good morning guys. Just trying to get a better understanding of same store NOI growth for the second half. Are you expecting more clawbacks on sort of the reserves you took in Sports Authority previously? I mean year to date you're trending at about 2.3%. I'm just trying to get a better sense as to how you get to the midpoint of guidance, the 3%. I know you have some of the Anna's Linen and some of the A&P boxes that will start paying rent but is there anything else that we’re missing to get to kind of the midpoint or the high end of guidance?
Glenn Cohen: Yeah, it’s Glenn. So we looked at our forecast and it was always anticipated that the back end of it, third and the fourth quarters, had stronger same site NOI growth, because you have more assets – more leases that are actually coming online and starting to pay rent from lease up that was done previously. So we always worked at to that, the second half of the year would be stronger.  In terms of the Sports Authority reserve, where we are is probably where it’s going to end at this point because what we've reversed is what we think we're going to collect. Now that they're going to close the rest of the stores, I think the reserve is where it is. So you'll just see further growth come in the third and fourth quarters from really organic things happening at the portfolio level. 
Samir Khanal : And then just in terms of acquisitions, I mean year to date you've done about $150 million. I think you've kept your guidance unchanged at the midpoint about 500 million, just trying to get an idea of what you're seeing in the pipeline at this time?
Ross Cooper: Sure. I mean we have obviously mentioned the Kentlands deal which is another $95 million which will get us up to the $250 million right in the middle of the range. We continue to evaluate opportunities both from third parties and continue discussions with our joint venture partners. We are fairly confident that we'll be able to assess the JV platform for some other opportunities in the second half of the year. So we're very comfortable with the range that we’ve outlined. 
Operator: The next question is from Jeremy Metz of UBS. 
Jeremy Metz : Hey guys good morning. So going into the year I think the view is really that this is going to be the end of the big transformative sales here. You're obviously largely there but you did raise your disposition expectations again which is offsetting some of the positives from the debt redemptions and the TRS merger. So I guess I'm just wondering was the decision to sell more driven by the opportunity to pull forward some of that debt prepayments or is it a result of better pricing and interest in the market for what you're selling?
Conor Flynn: Yeah, it's really the latter. We've seen extreme interests and strong pricing of what we've been selling. So we've taken that opportunity to push more out into the market than what was initially contemplated. So as long as we continue to execute and get the pricing we think it's a great opportunity to enhance the quality of the portfolio through the end of this year and then on a go forward basis starting in the beginning of 2017 we will be a much more selective and opportunistic disposition program somewhere in $150 million dollar range plus or minus. 
Jeremy Metz : And then one for Glenn, it sounds like there's a bond deal possibly in guidance here. But in terms of ATM used earlier this year I think in the $28 to $29 range, I don't think you've used it since the last call. Your stock price is obviously higher today. So I am just wondering if you considered issuing more equity maybe as opposed to selling some of those assets or more broadly, do you have equity built into your plans for the rest of the year?
Glenn Cohen: Again we look at the entire capital plan for the full company. The ATM is an option for us and it's a balance between the amount of equity issuance and debt issuance to get us to the debt metric level that we want to be at. So we'll continue to monitor the market and where we think it's opportunistic we will take advantage of it.
Jeremy Metz : Nothing built into guidance then?
Glenn Cohen: Nothing further, no.
Operator: The next question is from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste : Hey good morning. First quick question on the OpEx, I noticed a big drop year over year. What's driving that and is it one time, is it sustainable, some color on that please?
Glenn Cohen: It’s Glenn. Hi Haendel. So you have two categories that are lower. One happened to just be snow removal costs are lower. So I can't predict that for next year, so we will have to see what happens. And then we actually did spend a lot less money on parking lot patching and repairing where this year versus last year, just a sign of where the portfolio looks like and the conditions of the properties today. So I think you have a fairly good run rate where you are now. 
Haendel St. Juste : And then just curious what does the internalization of the TRS mean for the Kimco plus business going forward?
Conor Flynn: Well when you think about what we did, it was more about bringing the properties, the shopping center assets back into the REIT structure. These are assets that were developed by us years ago, that were originally part of our merchant development business. We've leased them up, fully developed them. Most of them are long term hold assets. They really belong in the REIT structure. So it's a matter of trying to find the most tax efficient way to bring them back in their appropriate space. With that, though, the Albertsons transaction and the investment in Albertsons comes along with it because we own less than 10% of the investment there and allowed us to bring it back into the REIT. So there is some benefit potentially that could come from it from a tax structuring standpoint but as it relates to the plus business we do have -- still have a separate TRS where if there were things that were appropriate for that we would house them there. This is more about the properties though. 
Haendel St. Juste : Got you. Since you mentioned Albertsons, any update there on potential thoughts for the IPO? 
Ray Edwards: This is Ray Edwards. While the company still is pursuing the IPO option and the S1 is kept updated and I think it will be updated again next week on that. The company is also another opportunities for us to monetize part of our best move while we’re waiting for the IPO market to come around. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Morgan of Canaccord. 
Paul Morgan : Hi, good morning. Just a follow-up on that. So you mentioned that the transactional income that you are expecting is still back end loaded. But I guess I understood that when you said that last quarter, that was referring to Albertsons, at least largely. Can you help me understand that since that’s probably not going to happen at least the way maybe you anticipated it earlier in the year? How do I think about Albertsons and then the transactional backend loaded number? 
Conor Flynn: The transactional income is still premised on some level of monetization of our Albertsons investment, that's what’s there. Ray?
Ray Edwards: Yes, I mean, in 2013 October when they tried the IPO it didn't work out. We kept – as I said before the S-1 updated on file to do that. But as markets are fickle, the partners have gotten together and looking at other opportunities as a path to monetize part of our investment and we're considering to doing that, and that might be a vehicle for us to monetize and we're optimistic it will happen this year. So we're on track for it. 
Paul Morgan : And then just real quick, you mentioned the cap rate compression for major metro assets. How widespread do you think you might see that? Is it something that's trickling into secondary markets or B assets or is this kind of institutional quality demand that's driving it and so more kind of restrictive? 
Conor Flynn: Well certainly on the institutional assets, they continue to compress. In the secondary markets we're still seeing very strong pricing. Our dispositions in the U.S. are still in the high 6s, low 7s. Particularly with assets that have a grocer, that is a dominant grocer within that market we're still seeing very strong pricing even in the secondary and tertiary markets. Where there's a little bit of softness is more in the commodity type retail, where there's no true value add and are relatively flat asset with no grocer is starting to see a little bit of trickle upwards in cap rates but still well within the range of expectation and within pricing that we're comfortable selling. 
Operator: The next question is from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill 
Alexander Goldfarb : Good morning. Glenn, just to clarify, on the guidance it sounded on one hand like you were including a bond offering just because you're going to get $9.5 million of benefit this year from the TRS and the bond take outs, and yet then it sounded like you weren't including an unsecured deal in your numbers this year. So can you just clarify what's in it? And then maybe it's just that the bond deal may be so late in the year that it doesn't impact this year's numbers? 
Glenn Cohen: No, I mean the guidance does contemplate refinancing what we're calling on the USI with a bond. So that is the guidance. 
Alexander Goldfarb : And then because you guys traditionally give you next year's guidance with the third quarter, you mentioned at the start about all the preferreds being callable next year and maybe the ones in the 5s are still attractive but certainly you've got a 6% one out there. As we think about our 2017 numbers, we are obviously adjusting for the TRS and the bond take outs. Should we also be thinking about the preferreds coming out or is that a decision that you just mentioned they’re callable but we shouldn't read anything into that? 
Glenn Cohen: Again as we get – first of all, well as far as guidance we don't do guidance in the third quarter, we do it later. And second, I’ve mentioned it because it is another opportunity for us to further reduce our overall cost of capital -- again but it's going to be subject to market conditions at the time and where rates are. So I throw it out because it's something that is near term. It's on our radar screen. 
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao : Hey, good morning, everyone. Just going back to the commentary about the strong pricing environment that caused you to increase your dispo guidance for the year and then also thinking about the comment about a more normalized level in 2017, I guess if we continue to see pricing hold up and maybe even improve over the back half of this year, should we be thinking about something more than $150 million just as you look to take advantage of that pricing? 
Conor Flynn: Well we really feel like we're at the end of our transformation, so we'll continue to be opportunistic. But we're very happy with the level of the portfolio, the quality of the assets that we have once this year is completed. So we will always evaluate the quality of the properties, where the risk levels are, if markets are moving and things of that nature. But we don't anticipate any larger scale disposition program beyond this year. 
Vincent Chao : And then just maybe the situation in Puerto Rico for a second. I'm curious if you can provide some commentary on what you're seeing there. 
Ross Cooper: Sure, the Puerto Rico portfolio is holding up nicely. The occupancy is still above 95%, same site was positive. But obviously relatively muted, so it's one that with the recent announcement of the PROMESA I think that the optimism is taking hold on the island. Clearly they have some issues to work through on the debt levels but we think from the shopping center standpoint the traffic volume is still very very high. They still are strong. So we think overall the outlook has gotten a bit brighter recently. 
Operator: The next question is from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. 
Ki Bin Kim : Thank you. Could you just comment on the Dania project in Pentagon? It seems like some of the numbers have changed a little bit and I'm just wondering if it's a cosmetic choice in terms of to take out a Phase 2 disclosure or is there actually a change in the scope of the project? 
Conor Flynn: Sure we actually broke out the both projects in phases. So like we talked about earlier most of our projects have what we're calling off ramps and phases that we can actually see if we want to go or no go on the projects. So on Pentagon, the Phase 1 as I mentioned is really the parking deck that's nearing completion and then the first tower that's entitled and is ready to go vertical as soon as the parking deck is complete. The second phase on Pentagon is the second tower. So again we will monitor the absorption rate and the rents and where they're coming in and then make the determination on the second tower if and when it's appropriate.  Dania, same thing, first phase we broke out that costs. So you can see exactly what goes into the first phase, and that’s the Costco portion as well as some junior anchors that we're moving along nicely. The second phase there is going to be more of a higher density play. So we broke that out as well, as I mentioned H&M lease is fully executed, so the pre-leasing is starting to move forward on that as well. So we wanted to give you a bit more granularity on the phasing opportunities we have on some of these larger scale projects. 
Ki Bin Kim : And just a follow-up on a previous question on Albertsons, you mentioned that you might partially monetize it before IPO, if I heard that correctly. How do you think about that? Because I'm guessing there's probably a pretty decent liquidity discount that you would have to take if you wanted to monetize it before the shares are publicly traded. So what goes on behind that thought process there? 
Conor Flynn: Well I think for us and our partners, we don't think the discount would be that great, first of all. And we would be selling out large of a piece of the investment. So what we feel that will do for us is one, put up a little money in our pocket but also validate the valuation that we feel we have in Albertsons and hopefully you will add 15% to 20% to the valuation after we announced a transaction. 
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller : Yeah, hi. You talked about for the Sports Authorities 6 to 12 months, I think, to address the remaining boxes, what time period do you see most of the boxes actually occupied and rent paying, like how far down the road? 
Conor Flynn: We have pretty clear visibility into the absorption that we think is going to occur. We have LOIs working on eighteen of the boxes right now that are pretty close to fully executed. So we actually think we have a chance to be cautiously optimistic that a lot of them will be done before the end of the year. But again we want to -- it's probably going to take six to twelve months before all of them are fully occupied and the rent starts to come in. So we do have one lease that's fully executed with a grocery store, that’s 33% above prior rent and we continue to see what other opportunities exist to add grocery components going forward to the opportunities that we have. 
Michael Mueller : So that 6 to 12 was actually occupied rent paying, not just addressed and leased? 
Conor Flynn: Correct. 
Operator: Next question is from Richard Hill of Morgan Stanley.
Richard Hill : I had a quick question about the rental rate releasing spreads. First of all, congrats on getting those to highest level in three years. I had a question, though. It looks like there were some absolute increases between new leases and renewals but maybe also an additional weighting towards new leases over renewals. Am I thinking about that correctly? And if so, is there anything there? Are you seeing more leasing velocity on this space? What drove that? 
Conor Flynn: Well clearly you’re seeing that occupancy is hitting near an all time high. So when spaces come available there's usually a bidding war to get high quality real estate in this market. So that’s clearly what’s driving the rental spread both in the new leases and typically now when you see renewals come up it’s more option notices that are coming in rather than say pure renewals because people are worried about giving up their high quality real estate because they know there is a chance that they might lose it if they don't exercise that option. 
Operator: The next question comes from Collin Mings of Raymond James.
Collin Mings : Good morning, guys. Just going back to Alex's question, where do you think you could price preferreds today? 
Glenn Cohen: Preferreds today we are probably in the low 5s. I mean in the 5s. 
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Lucas of Capital One Securities.
Chris Lucas : Good morning, everyone. I guess as you guys have moved very far down the line on simplification, I was curious as to what your thoughts are on the remaining JVs and whether there has been any additional conversations with your partners in terms of how those may be either dissolved or whatever. 
Conor Flynn: We really have three large remaining JV partners left and that’s really Prudential, CPP, and the New York Common Fund. So they're all great partners and they're all longstanding relationships that we've had over the years. And typically they're long term holders. So I don't see any sort of large transaction in the near term but there's always bites at the apple that we think we can get on the margin whether it's a smaller portfolio of properties or a few here and there that we can -- that we're able to acquire, similar to the Dania and Oakwood transaction that we announced this quarter. So again we will take the opportunities when they present themselves. But again we're really down to three large major partners that are all great partners and long term holders of high quality real estate. 
Glenn Cohen: Right, also two of those ventures, the common fund venture that we have, we own almost 50% of it and with CPP we own 55% of it. So we are a major stakeholder in those.
Chris Lucas : And Glenn, just a quick follow up on the guidance adjustment as it related to the transactional income expense line. Can you just sort of walk -- prior guidance was $25 million to $42 million of gains. Now it’s $40 million to $59 million of loss. You've given us the one number, the $89 million for some of these strategic investments. I guess I am curious as to what the other delta might be. 
Glenn Cohen: That's really it, it’s the same as what we had before. The difference is our expectation of some monetization of Albertsons in the number. So the only change to the guidance that occurred really relates around the $89 million, it’s maybe a penny difference because we actually had some transactional income that's already done, so the preferred equity investment that was sold this quarter and the one from last quarter gave us a penny of headline FFO. 
Operator: The next question is from Jason White of Green Street Advisors.
Jason White : Hey guys, just going back to cap rates for a minute. You talked about some of the higher quality properties trading at lower cap rates. What are you seeing on the middle, the higher end like some of the properties you're selling? Are those cap rates compressing as well? 
Conor Flynn: Yes, they’ve really maintained the levels that we've seen for the last nine to twelve months. So in the U.S. and some of the secondary markets we are in the high 6s into the low 7s. And if there's a grocery anchor even if it's outside of the core markets we've sold a couple of assets in the high 5s and the low 6s. So we still feel really good about where cap rates are. We have not seen them change materially and the buyer pools have been a bit shallow for the last twelve months compared to the beginning stages into the middle of 2015. But those groups are still very serious, they're able to get financing when they need it and we haven't really seen any hiccups in the deals that we've put under contract and getting it across the finish line. 
Jason White : And then just one in your same-store NOI guidance. If you look at the top end of your range, is that still on the table? It kind of implies a pretty high growth rate in the back half of the year with the Sports Authority headwind. Is there any way of achieving that high end at this point? 
Glenn Cohen: I mean there's always a way depending on how quickly certain lease starts [ph] and then cash starts flowing. Again we've been guiding what's the middle, somewhere in the three, 3 to 3.1 range but it's a range. So we don't control everything that happens but we do feel comfortable towards that middle end of that range. 
Operator: The next question is from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Rich Moore : Hello, guys, good morning. I'm curious, have you seen any change at Kmart recently, any difference in that retailer or maybe any difference in your discussions with them? 
Conor Flynn: We really haven't. I think there was some news stories that came out recently about some of the employee sentiment, and that I think was taken maybe out of context on certain stores. The two leases that we had actually coming due this quarter both of them exercised options. So I think that gives you some insight into it's still very much a trying to make do of what they can. But we continue to monitor it. We only have 21 sites left, a little less than 1% of ABR. We have four coming due in 2017 without any options that are all redevelopments. And so we're still continuing to monitor the situation and look to try and redevelop that real estate. 
Ray Edwards: This is Ray. I mean Kmart has a lot of flexibility because they haven't signed up lease in twenty years. So every one of the leases is probably the last five years of the main term with an option period. So they have a lot of flexibility to renew leases and we’re making money like they did with a couple of hours and where they’re not making money get out of them without having the big lease disposition programs. So they have a lot of flexibility on the Kmart side to wind down stores in a short period of time. 
Operator: The next question comes from R.J. Milligan of Baird.
R.J. Milligan : Sorry about that, guys. Glenn, a question about 2017. As we look into the next year, what do you anticipate the potential impact to same-store NOI growth will be from the empty Sports Authority boxes? I know it's going to be partially offset by higher rental rates. Just curious if you could give us a range as to what you think the impact might be. 
Glenn Cohen: It’s probably in the 50 to 60 basis point range. 
R.J. Milligan : And largely depending on timing of when those leases start paying rent? 
Glenn Cohen: Yes. End of Q&A
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for closing remarks. 
David Bujnicki: Thanks Kate and everyone that participate on our call today. As a reminder, additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental that is posed to the website. Have a nice day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - VP, Investor Relations Conor Flynn - President & CEO  Glenn Cohen - CFO  Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman Dave Jamieson - EVP, Asset Management & Operations Ross Cooper - EVP & CIO Ray Edwards - VP, Retailer Services Business
Analysts: Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Jason White - Green Street Advisors Paul Morgan - Canaccord Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Michael Miller - JP Morgan Rich Moore - RBC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Kimco's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All parties will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I now would like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki. Mr. Bujnicki, please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Good morning and thank you all for joining Kimco's first quarter 2016 earnings call. With me on the call this morning is Conor Flynn, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Glenn Cohen, CFO. In addition, other members of our executive team are also available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks; including Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Jamieson, Executive Vice President of Asset Management and Operations; Ross Cooper, Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer; and Ray Edwards, Vice President who oversees our Retailer Services Business. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking. It is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Dave and good morning, everyone. Today we plan to keep our prepared remarks short and sweet. We are firing on all cylinders as we drive towards achieving our 20/20 vision and focus on long term shareholder value. The first quarter highlights the execution of all aspects of our strategy as we focus less on short term earnings and more on creating long term net asset value. Our disposition and acquisition activity continues to produce a higher quality portfolio because higher quality is reflected in our leasing production as we continue to attract premier tenants at higher ends. Our redevelopment and development activity continues to create value and opportunity unlocking the highest and best use of the real estate, and we do all these with a cautious and watchful eye on our balance sheet at our cost of capital. Now for some details; in the first quarter we continue to execute on our disposition strategy by closing on $323 million of dispositions in Canada and $114 million of dispositions in the U.S. The blended average cap rate was 6.9% in the first quarter and quality buyers ranging from public reads, private reads, local public real estate groups, high network individuals, international buyers and trade buyers all continue to call through our disposition portfolio. We are in the ninth inning of our transformation, and with the majority of our Canadian portfolio under contract and the progress to date on our U.S. dispositions, we are on pace to hit our target of $400 million to $475 million of dispositions in the U.S. and $425 million to $500 million in Canada by year ends and complete the transformation of the portfolio.  Turning to acquisitions; our first quarter concluded with limited volume reflecting the competitiveness in our target markets. After quarter end we did reach agreement to purchase our JV partners interest in Oakwood Plaza in the adjacent Dania Pointe development site. These sites combined to offer over two miles of frontage along I-95 and the Fort Lauderdale, Miami corridor. Oakwood is 100% occupied but reflects what we look for in our target markets, irreplaceable real estate with blow market reps, significant sales volumes and future redevelopment opportunity.  Dania is the adjacent development site that we now control and are happy to take this opportunity to announce the ground lease with Costco to anchor the first base and take off the pre-leasing. Both Oakwood and Dania are key building blocks to our 20/20 vision creating value on larger assets and markets with high various entry. Oakwood is now our number two NOI producer and upon stabilization Dania will be the number one NOI contributor in the entire portfolio. The strong leasing demand for quality real estate highlights the positive supply and demand in balance that the open air sector is currently enjoying. Keeping occupancy steady at 95.8% over prior quarter validates the portfolio quality and the quality of our leasing team as we typically experience an earlier dip due to post holiday closings. Retailer demands did not change during the stock market crash in the first quarter, and we continue this demand across all square footage categories.  The volume of new deals this quarter included big-box retailers, grocery stores and off-price retailers, all enhancing the merchandising mix and improving net asset value. Target, Whole Foods, Giant and Traders Joe's are just a few examples that executed a lease this quarter that positively impact NAV. A high number of our new deal this quarter including the Target and Whole Foods deals are taking currently occupied space, so while we will have a short-term hit in same site NOI, and do not pick up any occupancy. We do pick up material in NAV.  In addition, these quality times create a halo effect in our centers which allow Kimco to achieve outsize growth from the surrounding retail. New leases were signed at an average base rent of $21 a foot reflecting the embedded mark-to-market opportunities when compared to our current average base rent. Kimco's average base rent is now $14.67, a 4.8% increase over Q1 2015 and 27.9% over Q1 in 2010. While we are currently enjoying a 38-year low in supply, we are monitoring the shadow supplies high flying closely. Recent bankruptcies and announced foreclosings in addition to pending mergers will be the primary driver of increased supply in the short run for both malls and open air centers.  This is not new to our sector. What is new is that at Kimco today are transformed high quality portfolio makes us more ready and better prepared for these situations that is why we are approaching the Sports Authority liquidation with cautious optimism. Preliminary indications suggest that we will be a significant demand for boxes if and when they revert back to us.  Redevelopments completed in the first quarter will deliver incremental NOI of $2.3 million with an ROI of 11.5%. Redevelopment remains the best use of our capital, and Kimco's billion dollar pipeline continues to cycle more projects from the entitlement stage to the active pipeline as additional opportunities are constantly being discovered within the existing portfolio. The amount of raw material in our portfolio and the focus on value creation has given rise to a shadow pipeline of additional redevelopment projects that account for roughly $2 billion of future projects. Acting upon the embedded opportunity will serve our long term shareholders by adding value to best in class properties. Turning to development. We recently hit two major milestones. By securing the target deal at our Grand Parkway Development in Texas, and today announcing the Costco ground lease at our Dania Development Projects in Florida. These anchors have jump started the pre-leasing for the first bases of both projects. Due to the lack of new supply and the strong demand from open air retailers. We continue to aggressively pre-lease our strategic development projects. Each development site has a staging plan in place to better monitor and insure that our investment remains to our costing capital and to provide off ramps to keep maximum flexibility. In closing, we continue to march toward our 20/20 vision of being a U.S. focus tree with large pockets of concentration and high barrier to entry markets. The team is working overtime to unlock value at the property level through lease up and mark-to-market opportunities. Continuing to extend and deliver on the redevelopment pipeline and executing on the strategic development pipeline. All well-positioned in the balance sheet to be in a position that's right now and for the next cycle. Glenn will now take you through the details of the first quarter.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Conor, and good morning. 2016 is also a solid start. We continue to execute on all fronts, listing, dispositions, redevelopment and development activity as part of the strengthening of our balance sheet metrics. These are the primary ingredients needed to achieve our 20/20 vision.  Headline FFO per diluted share which represents the official navy definition was $0.38, up from $0.37 last year and higher than first call consensus. The improved performance is attributable to a 5.2% increase in U.S. net operating income which was substantially offset by the reduction in NOI from the Canadian dispositions. Lower G&A expense and lower financing cost attributable to the redemption of the 6.9% preferred stock last year also contributed to the growth.  Included in the headline result is a profit participation from the sale of a Canadian preferred equity investment of $5.5 million. FFO is adjusted or recurring FFO which excluded non-operating impairments and transactional income and expense was $0.37 per diluted share for the first quarter up from $0.36 last year, 2.8% increase. We accomplished this growth level despite the $0.03 per share diluted impact from our portfolio transformation. The portfolio transformation includes the substantial disposition of assets in Latin America and in Canada totaling $900 million and $600 million of U.S. dispositions in just the last 12 months. The diluted impact was more than offset with the reduced financing cost and $1.4 billion of acquisitions of high quality assets in our key markets. Many of the acquisitions were sourced from our joint venture programs. Our portfolio operating team delivered solid first quarter results maintaining our anchor expend and occupancy at 98.2% and the increasing small shops placed by 40 basis points from the year ago to 88.6%. We remain on target for small shop occupancy to reach 90% by year end. We continue to deliver strong leasing spreads of 19.1% renew leases, up 6.3% renewals and options and 7.5% combined.  U.S. same site NOI growth is 1.5% and includes a credit loss reserve of $3.2 million or 140 basis points related to the bankruptcy filing by Sports Authority. This reserve demand includes 100% of all prepetition amounts and $811,000 of grant for March which remains unchanged. Even with the short term impact from Sports Authority, we remain on track and reaffirm our full year U.S. same site and a wide guidance range of an increase of 2.5% to 3.5%.  Additionally, in an effort to giving analyst and investor community further information for comparability purposes, we have included in our supplemental package the same site disclosures of strength line rent adjustments, lease termination fees and amortization of above trends. As part of our 20/20 vision, we are laser focused on further improving our debt metrics with a target of five to five and a half times for consolidated net debts or recurring EBITDA and a fixed charge coverage of three times plus. In the last 12 months we have reduced our net debt by $560 million from $5.5 billion to $4.94 billion on March 31. At the end of the first quarter, net debts or recurring EBITDA is 5.9 times down from 6.6 times a year ago and fixed charge coverage came in at 3.2 times. We retain over $400 million of maturing debts during the first quarter and we paid an additional $117 million of mortgage set in April, leaving us with just about $250 million in remaining consolidated maturities for the balance of the year. A portion of the debit payment was accomplished with $138.5 million of proceeds raised from the issuance of 4.96 million shares of common equity through an ATM program, at a weighted average offering price of $28.20 per share during March and April.  At another data point, at the end of the first quarter, our total debt to total market capitalization was down to 28%, the lowest level in the past eight years. Based on the solid first quarter results, we are reaffirming our headline FFO per share guidance range of $1.54 to $1.62. Please keep in mind that the bulk of the transactional income to 2016 is anticipated to occur late in the fourth quarter. We were also reaffirming our FFO at adjusted per share values range of $1.48 to $1.52 in the midpoint of $1.50 per share, and each of our operating guidance assumptions. And with that we'd be happy to answer your questions. 
Conor Flynn: We're ready to move on to the Q&A portion of the call. Due to the large volume of participants in the queue, we request a one question limit with an appropriate follow up. This will provide all callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions, you're more than welcome to rejoin the queue. Keith, you may take our first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Michael [ph] with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Conor, I was wondering if you can just spend some time on Oakwood and Dania just from the perspective of who approached who, whether it was you or CPP, but also how the development was effectively valued versus going forward with it as a partnership? And then I get your point in terms of wanting to have high pockets of concentration, but it would seem that between Oakwood and Dania who would rank number one and number two. That would be a very large concentration in a very concentrated location. So maybe you can just walk through some of the comfort that you got through all that.
Conor Flynn: Sure, happy to. Oakwood and Dania, we've been very proactive with our partners. As you know one of our strategies is to really own more of our assets 100% and give us total control of our destiny. And this especially was true with Oakwood and Dania. Oakwood is where we have an office, so we have a physical presence there, and we realize that with Oakwood and Dania we have a unique opportunity to really enhance the value of both assets of what we're trying to do both at Oakwood and at Dania. So we've been proactive with all of our partners, and this one was opportunistic for us to strike and really take CPP out of the transaction early on in the stage. So we were able to by CPP out of the development site at their bases which means that was extremely opportunistic, and now that we have Costco fully executed we think that it's just the beginning of a strong pre-leasing effort for the first phase. And the second phase now that we have complete control, due to the ability to really take a step back and look at what's the highest and best use for the property. If we want to sell off parcels, if we want to self-develop more parcels or if we want to do a higher density. We have that luxury now which before we probably have the inability to do so because of the partnerships. So we feel like it gives us more flexibility and it continues to allow us focus on larger assets with significant both development and redevelopment opportunity. So that was a little bit of a history there, and in terms of the concentration, you're right that's going to be in terms of our size that number one and number two producing properties in the portfolio. But we also have tremendous pockets of concentration in California, in New York and with future redevelopments at West Lake and as well as some of our larger assets. I think that there will be large assets that may challenge the number one and number two distinction that we've given Dania and Oakwood. And we always want to love to see and make sure that we're diversified accordingly. So if it becomes too concentrated we'll have hopefully the luxury of what would be an alternative ideas there of what we should do.
Unidentified Analyst: And what percentage would Dania and Oakwood combine in terms of when you're talking number one and number two, what would be the concentration?
Glenn Cohen: Hi, Michael, it's Glenn. The total would probably be no more than 3%.
Unidentified Analyst: Combined.
Glenn Cohen: Combined, yes.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: Were all or merely all of the Sports Authority in the same store pool without redevelopment bucket?
Conor Flynn: Yes.
Craig Schmidt: Okay, and if you were to get, let's say just assume 25 of the Sports Authorities back, how long do you think it would take just maybe fill half of those stores?
Conor Flynn: Hi, Craig, it's Conor. Yes, I think that when you look at the, if you talk about half of the Sports Authority boxes, it will obviously be a case by case situation. But the one that we have really been handily marketing. We feel like we have a tremendous amount of interest on those boxes. So we have LOIs already in place on a number of them. So if you want to just take the 25% and cut it in half, it will probably take us probably another quarter or two to probably finalize the leases and get half of them fully executed. That being said, we're well aware of the interest levels of other sporting goods operators in the real estate and their lease hold positions. So we anticipate anywhere between during the auction process maybe 10 to 15 leases that maybe sold to their competitors.
Craig Schmidt: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Jason White with Green Street Advisors.
Jason White: Hey, guys. Just a quick question on your non-cash rents. It looks like those jumped up quite a bit in 1Q. I mean incrementally, they are up in 4Q as well, but just year-over-year they're up quite a bit. Is there anything special in there?
Conor Flynn: Nothing's special. What happens is when a tenant leaves that had a blow market rent and they leave early you have to save the full amount into occupancy and we had that in one particular case, so $7 million. It's really what it is; it's nothing more than there.
Jason White: Got you. And can you just walk through the A&P update in terms of the boxes that you got back and where you're at in releasing those and actually turning the keys back over to the tenants to pay rent?
Conor Flynn : Yes, absolutely. We have four A&P boxes left to lease off. One of them in Staten Island is a large scale redevelopment highland plaza. We're going to through the user process right now to add over 100,000 square feet additional density. We haven't executed lease still at the full line grocer but we can't yet disclose who it is because we're still going through the entitlement process. So not going to be a 2017 redevelopment. That's very large in scale. So we've been pre-leasing that but we have yet to disclose it as we go through the entitlements. Home Dell in New Jersey is another one where we have LOIs going with two potential specialty grocers that are bidding a portion of the space as well as the best in class off price retailers to co-tenant with them to split that box. A third one in Staten Island which is really the last piece. It's up Richmond, its redevelopment, and that's where we did the large target redevelopment and this was the last phase. We have guild approved at REC committees with retailers to split them up. One for at best in class specialty growth certainly half of it and another best in class of price user to sync the other half. The final A&P store is actually under contract to be sold to an end user. They came and approached us to purchase the asset and because of the end user is able to really pay a significant price so we're under contract there. It's probably should be closing next quarter.
Jason White: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Paul Morgan with Canaccord.
Paul Morgan: Hi, good morning. Just a little bit more on Sports Authority, I guess. Do you have an update on kind of the mark-to-market across the 25 stores on average, and I understand what you said about the half of those are just directly sold to competitors, but [ph] number anyway. And then for the ones you do get back, do you envision demising spaces or the people you have kind of lined up preliminary taking it as is and are there any kind of retail segments that are sort of most interested in that size box for you guys right now?
Conor Flynn: Yes, the mark-to-market overall is around 5% to 10%. So we do have some upside depending on which stores we get back and obviously it depends site by site. On the releasing side of it, it's going to be again case by case scenario. We do have LOIs for users who take the whole box and also users to split. Many of the offsite concepts have multiple flags, so they could take the whole box and do multiple uses in that box as well. We also have the opportunity to add grocery to 15 of our 25 locations. So we've obviously pinned that down as a priority for us to see if we can create some value there as well, and we're working with some of the specialty grocers as well as traditional grocers to take those boxes. So again the average base rep for all 25 is under $15 a foot. These are all locations that we think are very much in demand and there's very little supply out there. So whether it's going to be a competitor that just buy the lease and has to live with the existing use clause or is an off price user or a grocery store, there's also some interest from some of the home improvement sector as well from, so they're smaller boxes. So we think we're, we have costs optimistic that we're going to be in good shape here for the lone mall.
Paul Morgan: Great. And you mentioned you reiterated your same store numbers despite it's not a Q1 impact there. Was this type of scenario incorporated maybe in the low end of the range already or there are other things that have been in the first four months kind of running ahead of plan that kind of led you to the decision?
Conor Flynn: We did have a portion of it in our budget for the first quarter. So we knew our first quarter was going to be challenged in terms of sale because we are dealing with the A&P, the ANS, as well as the reserve taken for Sports Authority. The lease up continues to be robust, the portfolio. When we look at our pipeline going out, not only in the future but also looking back. The second half of the year is definitely heavily weighted towards our same side NOI top. So that's really what gives us the optimism to keep the guidance unchanged.
Paul Morgan: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao: Hey, good morning everyone. Just one more on Sports Authority. Are all 25 undergoing inventory liquidation sales today or completed that?
Conor Flynn: No, only six of the 25 are going through that process right now. So again it's a fluid situation. We obviously are marketing all the boxes but those are the only six that are going through that going out of business sale currently.
Vincent Chao: Got it. Thank you, and then just maybe beyond Sports Authority. In your opening comments you talked about shadow supply, and I was just curious it seems like bankruptcy season, Sports Authority now withstanding hasn't been all that bad. Just curious if you're seeing something different in terms of store closure expectations and future bankruptcy expectations with the balance of the year.
Conor Flynn: We would agree. We think this is a very healthy environment right now. If you look at the overall supply it's very, very well, and the bankruptcy filings that you've seen and the store closings are relatively modest especially when you compare year-over-year and when you look at our sector, we are starting to look at shadow supply a little bit differently. We're starting to look at some of the mall anchor boxes that are possibly coming back as part of our competitive set going forward. So we're being kind of sense it to be aware of it, but overall it's a very healthy environment. The new leases that are getting done today are what really the best in class operators. The off price retailers continue to add some accounts to this brand new, competition coming into that sector. The specialty grocers continue to want to add unit count. So we think that we continue to be in the sweet spot of retail, and it's a good time to get boxes back. There's no question about it.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Jeremy Metz with UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning guys. It's Ross [ph] here with Jeremy. I have two questions. The first is around the same store NOI in the U.S. excluding the redevelopments. You guys reported 0.2%, even if I add back the Sports Authority adjustment it gets back to 1.6%. I guess the question is what was going on in the quarter that made that U.S. ex-redit [ph] number? So I would have thought just contractual rent growth in the releasing spreads would have gotten that number to at least 2.5%?
Conor Flynn: It's really dealing with the A&P and that was still, that have not hit the flow. So if you look at the executed leases that we have for the pending deals we have working on the A&Ps, they won't start to flow until the second half of the year. So that's where we really start to see the uptick in the same side NOI. So that's really what were still dealing with but we have plenty of opportunity there, plenty of demands, so we think we'll be able to pick that back up and that's why we reinforced our guidance in same side NOI.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Okay, and then related question. I was looking at your tenant improvement, your TI spend and if I look at that and I divide your TI spend per year of lease, compare it to the new rents that you're getting, near the $20 rent, it looks like your TI is running at about 13% of the new annual rent. And I'm just curious have you guys think about that number, it smells, I haven't gone back and look to where it was five, ten years ago, it feels a little higher than where it would have been historically.
Conor Flynn: It's actually lower if you look at it sequentially. I mean, we always tend to take the task of trying to invest less in the retailer and more in the real estate. So if you look at a lot of our deals, they're ground leases, which will negatively impact our average space rent, but we think through the long term as the best economic deal. So we try and make the retailer invest inside this space and we do the improvements to the shopping center. So that is half of what we take for a long period of time, and we continue to look at that going forward.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Honda San Jose [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hey there, good morning. A question on the asset tails. Given your unit eight activity there, just curious if you see any impact of widening CNBS spreads on pricing or demand for the asset that you're selling. Are you getting any push back on pricing getting re-traded, and is there more interest or better pricing on a one off or many portfolio basis?
Ross Cooper: Sure, this is Ross. I'm happy to jump in. I think that when you look at sort of the transaction environment in general, we're definitely seeing continued strength in competition and aggressive pricing for the core product. Anything that has value add or achievable redevelopment or growth story there's still an immense amount of capital chasing those deals. When we look at our transactions on the disposition side, I'd say that the biggest challenge that we're finding is generating a deep buyer pool on some of the secondary market assets. The one that are really stable income streams with no growth and no grocer, I would say that we are seeing a little bit of a more shallow buyer pool. But I think that's sort of where the private writs. We're really controlling and being aggressive in that market. So to a certain extent I think we're missing those buyers, but that being said we are still getting enough of an option going where we've been able to achieve our cap rates and our objectives. So I think when you compare the cap rates disk order, as Conor mentioned, sort of blended we're still in the very high sixes, maybe low sevens in some cases on the dispositions. But we still feel very good about our ability to get that sold. We're not seeing any real material re-trading, obviously one off opportunities, you'll see them here and there but I don't think there's any major general trends. So we're optimistic that we'll continue to hit our targets for the rest of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Seeing any portfolio demand and then any comment on change in cap rates and some of those secondary treasury markets locations?
Ross Cooper: We still believe that sorting one off is the best way to achieve our pricing. We have not seen any real premium for portfolios that have been out in the marketplace. I think when you look at the buyer pool; everybody's looking for a very specific type of asset or return threshold whether it's the location, geographics or the tenant profile. Buyers are looking for something very specific. So we've actually seen a bit of a discount for the portfolios that have been in the market. It obviously takes a little bit longer and there's a lot of blocking happening on the one off, but that's how we felt that tackling has been best for us. So we'll continue with that strategy.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning out there. If you could just talk a little bit more about equity issuance, it's obviously it's been several years since you guys last issue, and if we should expect more this year especially given Milton's focus on getting the company to an A minus. It would seem like given where you guys are relative to NAV that we're likely to see more equity issuance out of you guys to improve the credit standing?
Glenn Cohen: Hi, Alex, it's Glenn. The equity that we raise in the first quarter and the beginning part of the second quarter was really in line with what we had budgeted in terms of our overall capital plan. Now we continue to monitor the market and continue to watch what's happening with our disposition pipeline, watching the acquisition side of it. And again, we're very much monitoring very closely what happens with Albertson's, because Albertson's could be a very major component of capital that comes to us without causing any dilution at all. As a matter of fact it would be coming very free to transaction to us. So we are very focused as I mentioned on continuing to improve balance sheet metrics and bringing leverage down overtime, but we're going to do it methodically and opportunistically.
Alexander Goldfarb: So then, Glenn, as a follow up, on the transactional income where you guys said on the front of the call that it's late 2016, is that just sort of a placeholder or do you have certainty as far as the timing of Albertson's that it will be late '16 or that's the best? So trying to understand best guess versus your confident that it's going to be late '16.
Glenn Cohen: Well again, Ray, do you want to talk a little bit about just what you're aware in terms on Albertson's at this time?
Ray Edwards: Hi, Albertson's as you know the S1 that was filed back in last summer was updated in January and will be updated next month when order about financials for our fiscal year end which was the end of February done. So the investors and the company, the management's deal that the best direction for the company, its future growth is to be a public company. You have to time it correctly, but when the markets are in the right place its consideration. Nothing's definite now but we're still focused on moving forward. Company's doing very well, leading the trends on the business. Very excited about the future, obviously some things whether we want to do or not as we show in October it's not necessarily going to be the phase [ph] happen, but they're moving in the right direction to go forward with that. That's what we're basing our reason.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, so just to finish then, Glenn, so you guys may need more equity if you don't do Albertson's, but if you do Albertson's then no need for equity. That's the take on?
Glenn Cohen: Again, as I said, Alex, we are monitoring the overall capital plan and we'll do it methodically and opportunistically. Now again, just to clarify the last point of the timing. We're already in the middle of April; there is a 180-day lockout period on day one of an IPO. So you're ready in the fourth quarter and we know it's not happening for a little while longer, that's why my comment that it wouldn't be any earlier than late in the fourth quarter.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question is coming from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Thank you. Just one more question on Sports Authority, if you don't mind. Your company projects have Sports Authority and the other one HS Craig [ph], but just curious how did those projects or those, that end up in your project, was it just a high renter willing to pay or was it assumption that maybe they were healthier than they seem to at that time?
Conor Flynn: The leases were signed over a year ago. So redevelopments usually take a long time to get entitlement to get going, so these were done at a time where we did a thorough review of their business plan with their CEO, their CFO and held a conference call to see what their plan was. Unfortunately, they missed their plan and they were part of the redevelopment that included, we're doing a brand new Whole Foods at one, we're doing Ross, TJX and others on those other two. So we feel there's plenty of demand for that box going forward in those redevelopments, and we have not given them any tentative approval on any of those site. So we have the flexibility to go back and re-lease those boxes if and when they're rejected and they revert back to us. So at the time they were in Florida which is their primary market where they were the dominant player at that time, and we thought they were the appropriate co-tenant but luckily because of the strength of the other co-tenants of our redevelopments we think that we'll be able to do potentially even better.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, and let's say you do get to reassign half those boxes, from a practical standpoint even if there's full assignments for half of those boxes, how much downtime is there as maybe comes in and reconfigures the space?
Conor Flynn: It really depends, it depends if they buy the lease. If they buy the lease then there's zero down time, and then we get all the rent back that we reserved for. So on the one that will be rejected, those are the ones that will take some time in terms of lease [ph] build down, building out of the space, and it all depends on what they see with the box. With a single tenant user, you probably can get your right commencement date sooner than if you were to split the box and do a potential multi-tenant pipeline up. So it will really depend on what the highest invest use for that real estate. Some of them might be grocery components on them, might be redevelopments, some of them might be single-tenant users, and then it will just have to come down to what's the best use that we can find.
Ki Bin Kim: And how does it look right now, are they sort of what you said might be reassigned or bought, would they really buy the lease or is there more set for like a retail light fix to just wait it out?
Conor Flynn: Right now it looks like there's going to be plenty of bidders to buy a number of leases from them, so they might view…
Ray Edwards: Conor, it's Ray. I mean the thing is that there are the two big, Ringo Stars both circling the company. So the way to get the store is might be to be buying them through the bankruptcy versus, if brought back and then we could decide which one we want to put in for example. So simply some lively bidding between two major sporting goods stores. They have to be in to happen again, and not wait to see who comes back and try to deal with us.
Ki Bin Kim: Got it. Thanks, man. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And the next questions comes from Anik [ph] with Capital One.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. Is there a role for the plus business in the current retail landscape specifically as it pertains to bankruptcy resolution?
Conor Flynn: Ray?
Ray Edwards: We've always thought that plus business was part of a differentiation of ROE versus others, and it gives us the opportunity through different cycles. We made a lot of money through plus business over the years and it continues to be opportunistic, and with retail being so challenging these days we do think that there may be future opportunities where clearly we're focused on the Albertson's that we currently have and want to create value there before we publicly do anything more.
Unidentified Analyst: Sure, and then just following up on that on the prior comment about who are the bidders for the Sports Authority is, would Kimco sort of consider playing a role in the liquidation of Sports Authority via the plus business?
Conor Flynn: I think at this point in time, probably not. I mean, Ray, you can talk a little bit more.
Ray Edwards: Yes, I mean plus business bankruptcy is where a lot times the retailers own a lot of the real estate and then Sports Authority they own I think one property, actually I am looking at that one, but this is a probably a lease portfolio. You have the users that are the highest bidders for that and the rest was just what this play out. We don't want to chase every deal just to say we're still in the process to make sure it's very profitable.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Michael Miller with JP Morgan.
Michael Miller: Hi, just want to confirm that partner buyouts, they are included in the acquisition guidance and if so, we're looking to the balance of the year, do you expect more buyouts or to be more skew toward their party acquisitions?
Conor Flynn: They are included in our guidance, the JV Partner buyouts. It will probably be a mix. We like to say we have -- maybe potential JV portfolio buyout but it will probably be more likely where it's just one off situations where similar to an Oakwood and Dania, we go piece by piece and trying to buy individual asset that we can put a little value on.
Michael Miller: Got it. Okay, that was it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Rich Moore with RBC.
Rich Moore: Hey, good morning guys. Now that you've essentially got everything under contract in Canada, I'm not sure out of it already. Have you had any further thoughts on the bonds that you have up there and whether it's time to do something to get rid of those?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. Hi, Rich, it's Glenn. We continue to evaluate the bonds themselves, although we do have a lot of things under contract, we really would want the capital in hand before we start to make decisions about pulling those bonds. So we have to play it out for another quarter or so. But it's definitely on the table, it's something we're evaluating.
Rich Moore: Okay, is it safe, Glenn, to say that if you do get out of Canada entirely there's no sense to have those bonds stay on, is that right?
Glenn Cohen: I would agree with that. Yes, I think everyone would agree with that.
Rich Moore: Okay. All right, great, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question is a follow up from Michael [ph] with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, just two quick ones. Glenn, just on the equity, the guidance if you just take your gross FFO divided by your per share FFO, it's about $419 million average shares. I think you're effectively with the late 1Q and 2Q issuance calling about $418. So maybe to get to the average you may have like $15 million left in your guidance of issuance, is that sort of right and so we should think about anything above that level is having some potential impact diluted of how you use the proceeds?
Conor Flynn: Yes, I mean first of all you have to remember we do have option exercise still from when we're still doing that. So some of that might continue to come in. You have issuances that come from our drip as well, so just a very few point, there's a very, very modest amount that would remain but it's tiny at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: And the goal in terms of tapping the ATM in the quarter was even though you have all these disposition activity was to sort of keep some leverage neutrality as you sort of did Oakwood and Dania. I mean what really drove the $150 million, was it leverage driven, was it stock price driven in terms of the fact that you're about 28, how should we think about the rationale for tapping the ATM?
Conor Flynn: We have a longer term or medium term goal to continuing to reduce leverage and improve those balance sheet metrics. As you know cash can be tangible but if you look at the amount of mortgage that we will retain this year at close to 6%. To take the leverage down with some equity to make some sense for us. So I would say, yes, we kind of earmarked it to us, debt reduction, leverage reduction, less than about the acquisitions because much of the acquisition activity is being fueled by proceeds coming from disposition activity.
Unidentified Analyst: And just last one, Conor, and I may have missed this. But the re-leasing spreads softened a little bit in the first quarter from recent trends, was there anything specific to that impacted average and then I don't know how that translates into what you're starting for the rest of the year?
Conor Flynn: The first quarter definitely has more renewals and options in terms of the total high when you look at the combined leasing spreads so it doesn't weigh on the combined leasing spread, but overall we still feel very confident that we can deliver a high single-digit, low double-digit combined leasing spread going forward. We still think there's lots of opportunities to unlock value and mark-to-market opportunities there.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And as there are no more questions at the present time, I would like to return the call to management for any closing comments.
Conor Flynn: Thank you for participating in our call today. As a reminder, additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental that is posted to our website. Have a nice day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki – Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Conor Flynn – President and Chief Executive Officer Glenn Cohen – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Milton Cooper – Executive Chairman
Analysts: Christy McElroy – Citi Craig Schmidt – Bank of America Jeremy Metz – UBS Paul Morgan – Canaccord RJ Milligan – Baird Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Alex Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill Vincent Chao – Deutsche Bank Caitlin Burrows – Goldman Sachs Mike Miller – JP Morgan Jim Sullivan – Cowen Group George Auerbach – Credit Suisse Steve Sakwa – Evercore  Chris Lucas – Capital One Securities Jason White – Green Street Advisors Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets Collin Mings – Raymond James
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corp. Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, sir.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Dan, and good morning and I thank you all for joining Kimco's fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Conor Flynn, President and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking. It is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Good morning. First, I’d like to thank Milton and the Board for giving me the opportunity to lead this incredible company. At our recent Investor Day, we laid out our 20/20 vision. Underscoring the work we have done over the last several years to position Kimco to take full advantage of the evolving landscape of open air retail and become a leader in our industry. Our team has executed over the past few years dramatically transforming the portfolio from a scattered collection of assets across the U.S., Mexico, South America and Canada to now a tightly concentrated footprint of high quality asset clusters in the major metro markets in the U.S. where we see the highest growth potential. The top U.S. markets showcase the highest growth in population, household income, education, both significant barriers to entry, and presents the most potential to add value for our shareholders. All of our resources are now laser focused on what we do best owning, managing, leasing and redeveloping assets here in the U.S. to drive net asset value. Our portfolio has two distinct advantages. First, we have a 37% mark-to-market opportunity that is unmatched due to the low in placed average base rent and the spread to market that we can unlock by recapturing and repurposing assets to meet the needs of today’s shopper. Second, we have more raw materials to work with. The large collection of assets we own provides numerous redevelopment opportunities for [indiscernible] adding grocery components to our power centers and adding technology to extend the hours of our shopping centers to fulfill the everyday needs of our shoppers 24/7. Our 20/20 vision provides the roadmap for how we plan to take the company to new heights in the next five years. The three main pillars of our strategy are simple. First, it starts with management. We have to continue to motivate and empower the best talent in the industry and create a vibrant and rewarding place to work. Second, the balance sheet. We have to be stores of capital by keeping a watchful eye on our cost of capital. So we can invest wisely and position the balance sheet to weather any storm. Finally, our major focus on NAV per share growths. In the major metro markets in the U.S. asset values are close to peak or even above prior peak pricing as a healthy balance in supply and demand continues for open air centers. We believe the best use of our capital is to take full advantage of that demand and redevelop our assets to drive outsized growth by leaning on our tremendous team, fulfilling our redevelopment opportunities and executing on our select strategic developments. We have planted the seed the redevelopment and development to bring to life assets that will significantly enhance the value and quality of our overall portfolio. We will continue to remain disciplined, preleasing, phasing and ground leasing are just a few of our risk management tools that are in place to analyze each and every investment opportunity versus our cost of capital and to ensure we generate the highest returns for our shareholders.  The future is bright and we are passionate about delivering for our shareholders.  Turning to our results for the fourth quarter and the full year. I’ll give a brief overview of our portfolio metrics, a quick update on acquisitions and dispositions followed by an update on redevelopments. U.S. occupancy at the end of 2015 was 95.8%, up 20 basis points from last quarter and 10 basis points from the beginning of the year driven in large part by the small shop recovery. Small shop occupancy is 88.7%, up 70 basis points from last quarter and from the beginning of the year. U.S. leasing spreads continues to display the mark-to-market opportunity at Kimco with an impressive 31% on new leases and a combined leasing spread of 13.1% in the fourth quarter, the highest combined spread in almost three years. U.S. same-site NOI growth was 2.8% for the quarter, primarily driven by minimum rent increases and a 20 basis point positive impact from redevelopment. For the full year, U.S. same-site NOI growth is 3.1% including a 50 basis point negative impact from bankruptcies experienced over the year. The average base rent for the U.S. portfolio continues to improve with a 5.2% gain from the prior year rent. Competition continues to be fierce in our top market through acquisitions with some staggering cap rates recently reported in areas of California. This bodes well for the NAV of our holdings in California, which is our largest state by NOI contribution and continues to direct us to deploy capital towards redevelopment of our existing assets versus acquiring in the open market. For the year, our total growth acquisitions of $2.1 billion is heavily weighted towards the purchase of our joint venture interest in 57 assets. In contrast, only two assets were acquired in the open market for a purchase price of $155 million. The disposition market remains healthy as we completed a total growth disposition value of $2.2 billion for the year. We completed the exit from Mexico and South America and an announced the closing of the RioCan JV transaction in Canada. That will pave the way to achieving our goal of simplifying the company be strictly U.S. focused by year-end. In the U.S., we completed the sale of 95 properties in 2015 for a gross price of $762 million at a blended 6.9% cap rate. Pricing expectations for our disposition candidates have not changed. As we continue to see the demand for high quality anchor at open air shopping centers. Our redevelopment program remains the focal point of our strategy. For the year, we budgeted a $189 million of projects delivering at 10.6% incremental return. We’re pleased to announce that due to some cost savings, we came in under budget on cost of a $184 million and above budget on NOI improving the incremental return to 11.3% for the year. Perhaps the most exciting redevelopment completion this quarter is the Stew Leonard's opening in our flagship Long Island asset, Airport Plaza in Farmingdale. Early indications from Stew’s and Shoppers are incredible. And for the video footage of the parking lot, we think the benefit of this grocery addition to an existing power center will produce significant NAV and same-site NOI improvement for years to come. In Florida, we also have successful openings of Publix in our Palm Beach re-development and Whole Foods at our re-development in Orlando. Out West, we signed two new leases with Trader Joe's, one in California and one in Washington. These tremendous grocery additions improve the percent of the AVR from grocery-anchored centers to72%, up from 65% at prior year-end. To the best, we continue to question the status quo and take a deep dive into every aspect of operations to help to drive results. Open-air retail continues to evolve and embrace omni-channel and the physical store has proven to be a driver of online sales. Our retailers know their customers better than anyone inside their four walls. And our job is to bring more people into the shopping center and get those consumers to come back time and time again. The open-air retail landscape is healthy as limited new supply is forecasted and our strongest retailers continue to grow store count. The shadow supply from potential closings or consolidating retailers and future redevelopment supply is what we are monitoring closely. Looking ahead, we are starting to see the activity pick up in every category size. Big box retailers are back looking for space. Junior box players continue to be the most aggressive, traditional and specialty groceries are active and our small shop leasing indicates a healthy trajectory. All of these ingredients indicate, we are well positioned to unlock the value of our real estate for our shareholders. And now, I will turn the call over to Glenn to provide more granularities on our results.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Conor, and congratulation on your appointment as CEO. It’s going to be a fun go for us all. Good morning to everyone. We finished 2015 with a solid fourth quarter, delivering strong results for the full year while furthering our transformation and simplification efforts. We've successfully executed on our TSR strategy plus and delivered a total shareholder return of 9.4% for 2015 in a very tough and volatile market. In December, we unveiled our 2020 vision at our Investor Day focusing on owning and operating high quality U.S. properties and the major metro markets where we have deep concentration. We also continue to execute on our redevelopment pipeline and select ground-up development projects. Our 2020 vision includes operating with a more conservative capital structure with plenty of liquidity and even stronger debt metrics than today. Finally as an added benefit, we have the upside potential from our plus business. The vision is clear. The team is focused and aligned. Now for some details on our fourth quarter and full year results and further color regarding our 2016 earnings guidance. Our FFO’s adjusted per share our recurring FFO, which excludes non-operating impairments and transactional income expense was $0.37 for the fourth quarter and increase of 5.7% compared to last year’s $0.35. The increase was driven by higher NOI from the operating portfolio of $24.8 million offset by $4.4 million of decreased management fees related to the significant reduction in joint ventures and higher G&A associated with severance charges attributable to our anticipated exit of Canada.  In addition, interest expense was higher by $5.6 million primarily from the debt assumptions related to the Kimstone acquisition earlier in the year, the recent JV [indiscernible] in SEB and the acquisition of the Christown property in Phoenix.  Our full year 2015 FFO was adjusted per share came in at $1.46 achieving the high end of our revised guidance range and $0.06 above last year’s result of $1.44, 4.3% increase. Headline FFO per share representing the official NAREIT definition was $0.35 for the fourth quarter in line with first-call consensus estimates. Headline FFO per share was $0.02 lower than FFO was adjusted, primarily related to the $5.8 million non-cash charge for the redemption of our $175 million, 6.9% Series H Preferred Stock redemption during the quarter and the acquisition related costs.  Our full year 2015 headline FFO per share came in at $1.56, achieving the upper end of our guidance range in $0.01 ahead our first-call consensus. Our 2015 results are $0.11 higher than the 2014 amount of $1.44 share, 7.6% increase. The primary drivers of the headline per share increase was $0.06 increase in recurring FFO and the gain on the sale of our Supervalu stock investment which contributed $40 million of $0.10 per share.  Acquisition cost and non-operating impairments offset these increases. As Conor just articulated the operating portfolio delivered solid results with improved occupancy. Our 23rd consecutive quarter of delivering positive U.S. same-site NOI growth and double-digit leasing spreads. Ross Cooper and his team are very active during the quarter on the disposition front. We completed the sale of interest in 64 U.S. properties, 23 Canadian properties and our last asset in South America generating proceeds of approximately $600 million, which we used to fund the $175 million redemption of preferred stock pay down debt and fund the acquisitions. We remained focused and committed to operate with a strong capital structure. We finished the fourth quarter with consolidated net debt to recurring EBITDA of 6 times. The high end of our 5.5 times to 6 times range, down from the 6.6 times at the end of the first quarter, after acquiring of $1.4 billion Kimstone portfolio. We achieved this level even with the redemption of the preferred stock, which had a 0.2 times impact on the metrics. As part of our 20/20 vision over time, we plan to reduce the consolidated net debt to recurring EBITDA to a range of 5 times to 5.5 times and on a look through basis including pro rata JV debt and preferred stock to a range of 6.4 times to 6.9 times with a fixed charge coverage of 3 times plus. During the fourth quarter, we tap the bond market issuing a $500 million seven year, 3.4% fixed rate bond, a liquidity position is in excellent shape ending the year with zero outstanding on our $1.75 billion revolving credit facility in over a $180 million in cash. We have already began to address by 2016 maturities both consolidate in our JV’s, which are anticipated to be funded with sales proceeds, the unsecured bank and bond markets and mortgage financings, lower coupons in the maturing debt.  We are reaffirming our guidance to 2016, which was provided at our Investor Day in December. Our FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO per share range is $1.48 to $1.52 and our headline FFO per share ranges of $1.54 to $1.62. The guidance range takes into account the significant level of dispositions throughout 2015 and the accelerated exit of Canada during 2016, which has a combined impact of $0.06 to $0.07 per share on the 2016 growth expectations. We anticipate that by the end of 2016 will be a purely U.S. owner and operator with assets concentrated in our key metro markets. The transactional expense in income included in the headline guidance range, but not in recurring range is primarily comprise of acquisition quest and the commencement of monetizing [indiscernible] in investment.  As such the transactional income for this heavily weighted towards the fourth quarter of 2016. The guidance range is sensitive for timing of acquisitions, dispositions, redevelopments coming online, leased up and financing initiatives. Our 2016 plans of course, our recently increased common dividend level of $0.255 per quarter, which equates to an FFO payout ratio in the upper 60% range.  And with that, I’ll turn over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well. Thanks, Glenn. Kimco is back to basics. The company focusing on property advantages in the United States. It took a tremendous effort by our exceptional team. They execute an all the transactions last year. In 2015, we’ve reduced our foreign investment by $1.5 billion gross of which $749 million was a last year and we reduced the number of sites and joint ventures by another 43%, a 65% decrease since 2010. Now our portfolio was much most streamline, predominantly self-managed located the United States with 564 properties and all the major [indiscernible]. We look forward to the opportunities in the years ahead, there are some very exciting redevelopments and developments that our team working on. We committed to unlocking the value in our current portfolio and the grow NAV for our shareholders. And now, we’ll be delighted to take any questions.
David Bujnicki: We’re ready to move to the question-and-answer portion of the call. Due to the large volume of participants in the queue we request a one-question limit with an appropriate follow-up. This will provide all our callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you’re welcome to re-join the queue. Dan, you may take our first caller.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi. Please go ahead.
Christy McElroy: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just with regards to the Canadian assets its looks like those that are remaining, so the assets in the same-store pool at year end, have weaker growth and lower occupancy than those that you sold to RioCan in Q4. Can you just remind us where you’re in the sales process those remaining 35 assets? What portion of the $900 million of dispositions guidance [indiscernible] about? And then what cap rates do you expect on those assets, relative to RioCan deal?
Ross Cooper: Sure. Hi, Christy. It’s Ross Cooper. In Canada, as of right now, we have 25 assets out of the 35, that under contracts to be sold. We expect that to happen in the next two to three months depending outcome of some of the due diligence that’s still remaining and that point of time will be approximately 86% completed and some of analyze standpoint. So we still really good about the pays which is going – the pricing is very consistent with where we’re in the other assets. So we don’t feel that quality is necessarily lower and we’re in low six cap rate range on those assets is well. The remaining assets to that point in time. We’re still working on getting into the marketplace. Doing a little bit of lease-up in some scenarios, but as Glenn mentioned, we’re much on track to be completely out by the end of the year.
Unidentified Company Representative : Christy, I’ll just add. The same-site guidance that we have this is just going to be U.S. based because the balance of these assets really – is really anticipated to be sold, most of it within the first half of the year whatever stragglers by the end of the year. 
Christy McElroy: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Just may be given some color on some of the real estate development projects where the estimated completion was pushed slightly further out. 
Conor Flynn: Sure. Hey, it’s Conor. On when was that’s the Whole Foods development actually the stabilization dates haven’t changed is more than completion date. So that was actually compressed between the two, actually the cost lowered a little bit there. So we should see that completed this year in the third quarter. Christiana that site plan has actually changed. You’ll see that the cost came down quite a bit. Originally, we had thought, we were going to be developing a product we called power center with junior box lineups, a large big box anchor has significant interest now. So we’ve redesigned the site plan to ground leasing get quite a bit of contribution from that tenant for the redesigned site plan. So that’s really what changed that, that site plan there. Grand Parkway, we’re finalizing the anchor lease there that we should be announcing shortly. But we have yet to finish across that finish line, so that’s really why that, that was pushed out of quarter. So those are the big movie pieces there on those assets.
Craig Schmidt: Okay. And just as a follow-up. On Owings Mills, do you have a sense of what you are going to do with this project? I know there is about 3.5 year lag between that opening as well.
Unidentified Company Representative : The beauty of Owings Mills is, it’s going to be a blank slate. So that’s why we bought all the different pieces. So mall of redevelopment is a tricky one, especially if you don’t control all the pieces. So what we did was we purchased our partners interest, we purchased the Macy’s, we purchased the JCPenney, what you allows us to really start from scratch and take down the mall. And our design is really for best-in-class open air shopping center, which includes big box retailers, junior anchors, restaurants, you name it. So we have – we actually have four different site plans of working on right now that we think all will have significant value and really clear [ph] lot of value for our shareholders in the long-term.
Craig Schmidt: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ross Nussbaum of UBS. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Metz: Hey, good morning. It’s Jeremy Metz on with Ross. I just wanted if you can give us may be a little more color on the sales environment today ignoring the Canada stuff? Just talk about what you’re seeing, in terms of investor demand? Has the buyer pool thinned, and maybe the composition of interested buyers changed, in recent months? And then is financing at all becoming an issue for sellers or for buyers in particular, on some of the secondary market stuff?
Ross Cooper: Sure. This is Ross again. As you’ve seen from the numbers, we’ve been executing on our plan on the dispositions. We really haven’t seen any pushback or fallout of deals that we have in the marketplace. We’ve already closed on a couple shopping centers so far this year. So the pace and the pricing is still very competitive. I think that you’re right about the depth of the buyer pool. It certainly is may be a little bit shallower than it was six months to nine months ago, but the groups that are active are still very competitive. We haven’t seen financing really become an issue on the deals that we’re selling in the secondary markets. And we think that we’re going to have a very strong year. In fact, we have some assets on the West Coast that we’ve sold at very aggressive pricing. And when you look at the statistics for our fourth quarter sales, our average cap rate was 6.5%, which was the lowest cap rate that we’ve had on our dispositions that we’ve tracked since we started the transformation. So we continue to see the cap rates become more aggressive, not less aggressive.
A – ConorFlynn: Yes, I think in the key markets in California, you’ve been tracking that really the cap rates now almost start with a 4%, and some have even dipped even lower. So we’re obviously being very patient there. And clearly, we’re not going to win many bidding wars today, when those types of assets come to the market.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. And then just one quick one on shop occupancy, it’s obviously been steadily moving higher. And I think you previously mentioned the goal of getting to 90% by year-end. I know it’s early in the year, but has the disruption in the markets, or general nervousness about the economy, impacted any leasing activity at all, or demand for shop space? And may be put that in context of the national and franchises, versus maybe the mom and pops? Thanks.
A – ConorFlynn: No, yes, it’s a good question. I think we’ve seen demand continue to improve for small shops. You see it with our occupancy pick-up there. In our pipeline, looking forward, we continue to see that improving over the year. It’s a nice split between the nationals and the mom and pops. We had 55% of our small shops were done with mom and pops this quarter. So the volatility in the market has not really put a governor on the amount of small shop leasing we’re able to do. And we know that that’s really where our occupancy pick-up is going to be driving going forward. So we have been pleasantly surprised with the production there, and we’ll continue to push that going forward.
Jeremy Metz: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Morgan of Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Paul Morgan: Hi, good morning. Your lease spreads were, as you noted stronger in the quarter. And you’ve been talking about your mark-to-market across the portfolio, and the upside potential there. I mean were there any specific catalysts on the new lease spreads that you would point to? I mean are these numbers something that you think could be achievable, as we look into 2016?
Conor Flynn: I think combined leasing spreads is really – the double-digit is really our goal. So if we can continue that, that would be fantastic. Some of notable ones we did this past quarter, we did three deals on former Anna's Linens boxes that were actually a positive 33%. So above what our previous range was that we thought we had on that mark-to-market opportunity. And again, it’s all about supply and demand. Right now, we just we see that there is retailers in all categories, whether its small shop, mid-size, junior boxes or the big box anchors. They all have been very aggressive in growing store count, and that continues to lead to bidding wars, which will bid up rents. And we continue to see that, that is an opportunity for us going into this year.
Paul Morgan: Okay. And just to follow-up. Your credit losses were also really low in the quarter, and it seemed like the bankruptcy season has been relatively light so far. I mean how is your outlook for the first half of the year, especially kind of thinking about it from a year-over-year comp perspective? And how that could benefit same-store numbers?
Conor Flynn: We obviously monitor our tenant’s health very closely. Our watch list hasn’t really changed all that much. I mean you know that we have been watching the same tenants for a long time now. And I think it’s relatively healthy when you look out. Clearly there might be some consolidation or some fall-out in the year but overall we think we’re in the sweet spot of retail. We think off-price is really becoming the darling in the U.S. and we continue to see huge demand for that type of space. And we think that this year we’ll continue along that path of being just a healthy environment.
Paul Morgan: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from RJ Milligan of Baird. Please go ahead.
RJ Milligan: Hey, good morning, guys. I was just curious if you could give an update as to what you’re seeing on the ground in Puerto Rico and if any of the macro issues there have trickled down into whether it be sales or leasing?
Conor Flynn: Puerto Rico is obviously one we’re watching closely. It’s relatively small in terms of the impact on our whole portfolio. It’s a little bit less than 3%. So we watch it closely. We have seen activity on the Anna’s boxes that we got back, and think we’ll be able to lease those up this year. Clearly the headline, the Puerto Rico’s in some serious issues. We’re trying to restructure their debt but the shopper is still vibrant down there. We recently hosted a portfolio tour down there and Glenn, you want to talk a little about the traffic you saw.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean it’s pretty amazing. I mean I was down there on this NDR. You go into Kmart’s in Puerto Rico, all the lights are on. The shelves are fully stocked. The couple that we went into, there’s seven or eight registers open with three or four people deep in them and the parking lots are filled with people shopping. The discounter approach down there works really well. Although the economy – the Puerto Rican economy’s been in a recession for a long time. It really is a very deep underground economy there and the people just shop. So the properties are very, very successful.
David Bujnicki: Dan, next question.
Operator: Yes, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim: Thanks. In regards to development, we’ve seen a lot of REITs pull back on their overall size of the pipelines. Just holistically, what are you guys seeing that gives you confidence to increase it, at this point in time? 
Conor Flynn: Yes, most of our strategic developments have a story to them, and we feel very confident about why we think it’s appropriate to add these to the pipeline. If you go asset by asset, they each have a reason why. The one in Fort Lauderdale is right across from our most successful shopping center in the state of Florida and the demand has been off the charts there. If you look at the Christiana Delaware, it’s right along 95 where we’ve been working to rezone that from a former Sears warehouse to now a retail offering, it’s right next to GGP’s successful Christiana mall. So each and every one of these projects has a story to it. And there is not going to be significant more development in our pipeline looking out, mainly because the land prices have really skyrocketed. A lot of that’s due to the multifamily that we’ve seen pop up. But we see the demand from our retailers to want to grow store count and the limited supply. So each of these projects has really – it’s within a key market for us. The demand is there. The one in Houston obviously with Houston going through headwinds, we still see retailers wanting to be there and fill a void. Clearly the apartments since the density around our Grand Parkway project has been there for a long period of time and I think the retail was the last sector to really catch up to meet the demand. So we haven’t seen any falloff in terms of retailer demand there. And that will actually be one of our first development projects out of the ground and we’re cautiously optimistic that it will be a big success.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. And as a follow-up, same topic. Could you comment on some of the retailers that you’re – that you have as anchors for these developments like hhgregg or Sports Authority, or Target that was an anchor listed at Grand Parkway, that’s no longer there in the supplemental this quarter? Just curious if you could comment on, I mean basically, the health of these anchor tenants?
Conor Flynn: I think we reposted, and the Target back on the plan there. So that was probably just a refresh that you need to do on the supplemental. But yes, you mentioned a few tenants that are on our watch list. Those tenants are obviously ones we’re watching closely and monitoring. We’re cautiously optimistic that it’s not going to be a liquidation, if and when something happens to those retailers. So we’re looking to see where our exposure is, how we can limit it and again that mark-to-market opportunity that we talk about is really our measure of safety when we get those boxes back. So we think we’re trying to be careful about how we manage risk and those junior boxes you mentioned are ones that are obviously on the watch list. 
Ki Bin Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Goldfarb of Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead. 
Alex Goldfarb: Good morning. First question is just on Albertson’s, just given the choppy IPO market. Would you guys consider other monetization alternatives, like a private sale of your stake? Or your view is that it’s not – you’re fine to hold this as long as necessary, to when the IPO market comes back? 
Ray Edwards: I mean I think our intent – hi, this is Ray Edwards. Our intent right now is just to hold our interest with our partners at this point. It’s a very successful business operation and we’re very optimistic about it.
Alex Goldfarb: Okay. And then second is for Glenn. Glenn, in the debt summary, it looks like you guys still have two Canadian unsecured bonds outstanding. And with the exit from Canada slated for year-end, it would seem like a sort of mismatch. So just curious, especially with the strength of the U.S. dollar, does it make sense to prepay these? Or your view is to just leave these outstanding to their natural maturities, over the next, I guess, four years or so?
Glenn Cohen: It’s a very fair and great question. We’re very closely monitoring the progress that we make on the sales because the bonds serve as our natural hedge. So depending on the timing and the quickness of the sales, we’re going to need to evaluate how we want to handle the debt. As long as we leave the cash in Canada, it stays naturally hedged. But there may come a point where it makes sense to either do across currency swap, tender for the bonds, make whole the bonds, but it’s something that’s very much on the radar screen that we’ll have to address as we go forward.
Alex Goldfarb: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Vincent Chao: Yes. Hey, good morning, everyone. Just wanted to go back to the off-price commentary. Obviously, that’s been a key driver for the space overall. But I was just wondering – we hear about it, and we’ve been hearing about it for quite a long time. Just wondering how you think about saturation of that concept? And maybe if you could comment on what percentage of your centers have some form of off-price in it, whether or not that’s a traditional TJs or some of the newer players? 
Conor Flynn: We can get back to you on the percentage of the total portfolio of an off-price component. It would be very high and so we can give you an exact percentage. But on your question on saturation, it’s one we watch closely. There’s obviously a lot of new players in the off-price segment. We love the off-price segment. We think that TJX has been really the phenomenal performer for many, many years now. And if you look back not too long ago the market cap of TJX and Ross combined was relatively small compared to some of the mall anchors and if you just compare it to today it’s really phenomenal just the growth that they’ve achieved.  The new players we’re watching closely. You want to try and pick best-in-class and have the merchandising mix that enhances the shopping center and the amount of traffic it drives. So we’re cautiously optimistic that I think that more competition is good for the off-price sector. We clearly favor the ones that have the proven business model and have been doing it for many, many years. But going forward it will be an interesting situation to watch to see who really can capture some of that market share. TJX obviously has such a lead and Ross is really ramping up their expansion plans. And then if you look at Nordstrom Rack and then some of the Saks Off Fifth, Fine from Lord & Taylor, there is a lot of players out there that are trying to really gain market share. So it will be interesting to see how competitive they are.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks. Any comments on Backstage, and how they’re doing?
Conor Flynn: We have been in talks with Backstage. We have yet to execute a lease with them. So again, it’s one of those newer players we’re watching closely to see how they perform. 
Vincent Chao: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Caitlin Burrows: Hi, good morning. I just had a quick question on Amazon. We’ve heard that they’ve started opening select bricks and mortar locations. And I was wondering if you had had any discussions with them, whether we could expect them to be in your centers in the future? And if you knew anything about their long or medium-term bricks and mortar plan? 
Conor Flynn: Yes, they have one open bricks and mortar location in Seattle. They continue to see that as an opportunity. We have met with them. We’ve talked about opportunities with them. I think they’re going to be very select and very strategic on their store opening plan. And so I think it’s going to be more of a measured approach to it rather than a full-blown assault on opening a lot of bricks and mortar stores. But it’s clearly an indication that a lot of pure e-commerce retailers see the value of opening physical stores, which is a real boost for our sector because there is this tethering effect. And you see it from a lot of our retailers, who come out and display the amount of online sales that go into opening a new physical location, but also the amount that they lose when they close a physical location in terms of the online sales. So it’s interesting to watch and Amazon obviously being the largest is clearly a good sign for us for the long haul.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Miller of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Miller: Thanks. Hi, Conor, you talked about seeing more demand from big box tenants. Can you give us a little more color on just how broad-base that is? Is it covering just existing shopping centers, the appetite for new shopping center development, et cetera?
Conor Flynn: Yes, it’s both, actually. They’re looking to try and enter some of our redevelopments as well as the new developments. So it’s nice because a lot of the times when we were looking at the most active players, it was the junior boxes. They were the ones most aggressive on redevelopments as well as the ground up developments we have in our pipeline. And it’s nice to see now that the big box anchors are coming back and looking to grow store count. And again, it’s in select locations where they see opportunity or it might be a void for them. But again, the mass merchandisers have been missing for a while in terms of activity. So, it’s nice to see them back looking for stores.
Mike Miller: Okay. So it’s not just one category or two, you’re seeing it, it’s fairly broad-based.
Conor Flynn: Exactly.
Mike Miller: Okay, okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim Sullivan of Cowen Group. Please go ahead.
Jim Sullivan: Good morning. Thank you. Conor, just a kind of follow-up in terms of the demand side of the equation, there’s been a lot of press reports recently about some of the major as well as some new grocers expanding into the Mid-Atlantic market and Wakemans, Publix, Lidl and so forth. And just curious whether that’s showing up, when you’re talking about demand for boxes, I’m assuming you’re talking about big boxes as opposed to grocers, but you might be talking about both. So are we looking at – I don’t want to say a bidding war, but a really strong demand environment in the Mid-Atlantic as a result of those trends. And as part of that can you just address in terms of Lidl whether they’re going into centers, are they looking at free-standing locations?
Conor Flynn: You’re spot on. My comments earlier were really targeted towards the big box players. But you’re right on when you talk about the grocery competition in the Mid-Atlantic. It is going to be fierce with all those new entrants into that market. And you’re right where it’s going to be a bidding war. It’s going to be interesting to see who shakes out in terms of the winners and losers. But there’s going to be plenty of aggressive entrance into that market in the Mid-Atlantic and you named pretty much the majors that are all coming and coming in droves. So on your question on Lidl, it’s an interesting one. We met with them and talked to them about their plans. Most of their plans are self-development. So they’re actually looking to self develop standalone grocery stores where they can be competitors to the traditional grocery stores at a lower price point. So most of what they’ve been doing is tying up land and looking to self develops. So they have a little bit of a different approach to it than say some of your traditional grocer, who is looking to lease space. That being said, though, there’s plenty of bidding going on for opportunity there, but it’s already a very tight market. So it’s very difficult to penetrate.
Jim Sullivan: And if I could just follow-up in terms of Albertson’s and the West Coast. With Albertson’s buying back some of their stores; its domination in many of the Northwest markets I guess has increased. And I wonder if you could address whether Albertson’s has put any bid in I think the 33 remaining Haggen stores that go to auction next week, whether Albertson’s has put a bid in for any of those as well and perhaps an update on the timing of an IPO?
Conor Flynn: Well, with respect to Haggen, I know they’re looking at the 30 odd stores that are going – they’re trying to sell their going concern. But again I’m not sure; I’m not into the detail. So I don’t know if there’s FTC issues about being able to take down all of those locations or not. Partly on that front, Albertson’s had a lawsuit with Haggen’s that was settled. So that will help get something done there. So it was a big step for them to get that resolved. With respect to the IPO, the S-1 remains on file. It’s been updated for the third quarter. And the fourth quarter for Albertson’s ends, I think February 22 or 23. So market conditions improve, come after the fourth quarter, revisit the opportunity in the public markets.
Jim Sullivan: Okay, good. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Auerbach of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead
George Auerbach: Thanks, good morning. Conor, any color on the expected yield that the new projects in Owings Mills and Pentagon? Or I guess more broadly, if I look at the active development page and add in Pentagon; what’s the expected weighted average yields on these projects?
Conor Flynn: Yes, it’s a good question. We’re targeting between 7.5 and 8.5. That’s really where the really the expected yields are for the entire portfolio of redevelopment and development projects. So obviously Owings Mills is just a recent combination of acquisitions there. So we have a few different site plans depending on the best return which one we will go with. Pentagon is obviously the apartment towers that we’ve talked about in 25,000 square feet of new retail there. So the ROI’s going to be a little bit lower there because of the apartments but the spread from the cap rate is still well over 200 basis points. So we feel like we have a manageable pipeline that really will deliver significant NAV for the Company going forward 
George Auerbach: That’s helpful. And just one follow-up. Glenn, what are you modeling for non-cash revenue in the 2016 guidance? I saw it increase in the fourth quarter and just wondering if it sort of stays at that kind of a run rate.
Glenn Cohen: Can you be a little more specific of that non-cash revenue? 
George Auerbach: Yes, the straight line rent and FASB was something like $11.5 million. It was running in kind of the $8 million range earlier in the year. I just wondered if that was…
Glenn Cohen: Yes, it’s bumped up really due to acquisitions, right. Certainly when we brought on the Blackstone portfolio, the Christown asset is a very large asset that has it in there. It will probably a little bit higher, but not, not – and just modestly higher than where we see it today.
George Auerbach: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Sakwa of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. I guess two questions. Number one, I guess maybe Glenn in terms of the guidance of 2.5 to 3.5 for same store, I’m just trying to think what you’ve sort of incorporated in terms of bankruptcies and down time. I guess you had some of those in 2015, and it clipped the results. I’m just trying to figure out how conservative you might have been or where that figure is in relation to where you started a year ago. 
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean if you think about the initial guidance that we put out last year, right, we were in this 3 to 3.5 range. We brought for the whole year we came in at 3.1.– as Conor mentioned Anna’s and A&P really hit us about 50 basis points. So we would have achieved the high end of the range, but bankruptcies happen. The guidance range does incorporate a modest amount, not a lot of bankruptcies.  So if you get to the midpoint, we think there should be a very, very modest amount. If there’s a large scale bankruptcy, you probably would have a nick on us, and you probably would end up towards the lower end of the range. If it stays stable and the lease-up happens where we think we can get to the mid-to-upper end of the range.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, thanks. And then I guess just to kind of follow-up on a couple of the Albertson’s questions. I believe the intent obviously in 2016 was to have the IPO and then start to monetize that and use some of that cash to fund. To the extent that the IPO either happens later in the year or maybe doesn’t happen at all for market conditions, just I mean how do you think about your needs of cash and how do you supplement that? 
Glenn Cohen: Yes. It’s fairly on a relative basis, it’s fairly modest. I mean what’s baked in the guidance from a cash standpoint is somewhere between $50 million and $100 million to us, late in the year. So for a 2016 impact, it’s fairly modest. And they can be supplemented in many different ways. You might have a little bit more debt. I mean at the high end of $100 million it’s about one tick of net debt to EBITDA. You may have more sales that supplement it. So in the scheme of things if it didn’t go we would obviously have to deal with our headline guidance because it’s baked into that. But other than that, the recurring flows are all there and it’s modest to the capital plan.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Lucas of Capital One Securities. Please go ahead. 
Chris Lucas: Yes, good morning, everyone. Follow-up actually on the last question, I guess maybe more directly. Stock price has done well. You’re within a few percentage points of the cycle high if you will. Just wondering as how you think about maybe issuing some equity, modest amount in terms of de-risking sort of some of your funding needs as it goes forward particularly in light of maybe weakening conditions on disposition market and just overall capital markets uncertainty. 
Glenn Cohen: Well, the nice part about what we have is an enormous amount of liquidity. We end the year with zero outstanding on our credit facility. As you see in our guidance, we’re still planning to be a net seller during the year, so there’s more proceeds coming in. And the nice part about where we are today is we do have an ATM in place and we can use it opportunistically if it makes sense to do so. So it’s another thing that we continually monitor and we try to take advantage of improving the balance sheet at any point in time that we can in measured form.
Chris Lucas: And then can I just add some question on the Canadian situation as it relates to where the cash is. Is the cash that is generated off the asset sale, is that in Canada right now? Is that how that’s held? 
Glenn Cohen: Well, to date everything that we’ve sold we’ve actually repatriated so far. 
Chris Lucas: Okay. Okay. 
Glenn Cohen: We will be – so far. So the remaining assets that we’ll need to sell, because they’ll match up against the Canadian bonds that are outstanding, so we’re not going to be repatriating that cash so quickly because we’ll need to balance it with the debt, keep the natural hedge in place.
Chris Lucas: Great. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason White of Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Jason White: Good morning. Just a couple of quick questions, same topic. As you look at market rents over last year versus this year, what kind of market rent growth are you seeing in not releasing spreads but true on-the-ground market rent growth? 
Glenn Cohen: Market rent really depends on location and obviously the strength of the site and the surrounding demographics. But the market rents in the top markets continue to pick up nicely. It really is a function of supply and demand and we continue to see pretty strong leasing spreads but if you look at the pure tick-up in market rents, it’s at the high end of our range where we expected it to be. And you will continue to see it improve as retailers really have focused on making sure to try and penetrate these markets but also not lose stores. I think that’s more of a critical component to it is retailers that are coming to for renewals are worried about losing store count in these tough markets where they have significant market share. So you’ll probably see the renewal spread actually pick up a little bit this year as those leases come up for renewal.
Jason White: As you look at kind of sales growth by the tenants and kind of low-single digits and e-commerce takes a slice of that for those tenants that do have e-commerce exposure or maybe they even have their own omnichannel presence. But with brick and mortar really being a low-single digit sales growth environment, how long can market rent growth continue to kind of outpace that and get OCRs that are probably increasing higher than potentially long-term averages would assume is correct.
Unidentified Company Representative : It’s a good question. It’s one that I think as retailers look at their occupancy costs, they really have to be mindful of sales growth as well as how much rent they can pay. The nice thing about our sector is we have some of the lowest occupancy costs across any sector of REITs, so we think we have significant pricing power still left to go. And it really helps by being in the best markets and having the best assets. Those are ones that are very difficult to come by so retailers don’t necessarily want to lose those store count either. So it’s one that we think still has a long runway to go. And again, I think that as long as supply and demand remains in check we’re in good shape there.
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean it’s Glenn. Also, our portfolio is a little bit different because it’s older. We have so many leases still that are really well below market. So even though you might not have true dramatic amounts of rent growth, per se, relative to where our leases are today, leases that are 10 years, 15 years, 20 years old. You still have a lot of upside and when you bring those to market. 
Jason White: Great, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Rich Moore: Hi, good morning, guys. The fourth quarter jump in lease termination income, I’m assuming that wasn’t the bankrupt guys, because they’re gone. So is there anything special in there? And kind of what are you thinking about as we look at the next couple quarters?
Unidentified Company Representative : Yes, the lease termination was really tied to one big lease termination. It was in East Windsor, where we had a Safeway that was dark and paying and they wanted to get out of the lease and offered us a settlement. So we took it and now we have a redevelopment on our hands as well. So it was a double win for us there.
Rich Moore: Okay. And then if I could follow-up real quick on Christy’s question. The – if you look at the $900 million that you guys guided to in dispositions, is it roughly $300 million Canada, $600 million U.S, is that math about right?
Conor Flynn: No, no, it’s – I’m sorry it’s really more $500 million Canada, $400 million U.S.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Good. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Collin Mings of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Collin Mings: Hey. Good morning. Just wanted to see if you could provide a little more color on the progress backfilling the A&P and Anna’s Linens spaces? I think, Conor, you stated that spreads were maybe a little bit better than you referenced last November.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I mean Anna’s Linens boxes, if you remember we had 21 leases. We have three fully executed leases that the positive 33% spread. We have 14 active leases in negotiation to fill those boxes. Two of the leases were assigned to. And we actually sold two. So we actually have very strong interest across the board on Anna’s linens. And I think, when it’s all said and done, we might be at the high end or above the initial range when we set our mark-to-market there.  A&P the nine locations five were assigned four to Acme one to Best Yet. The four vacant boxes have significant interest. I’m sorry – we have really when you break it down, it’s a phenomenal opportunity to really reposition what was a struggling grocer. And you name it in terms of who the off-price retailers that want to try and take these box as well as some of the specialty grocers, and even some of the warehouse clubs that are – where we have liquidity and lease termination rights for the surrounding retail. We might have some redevelopment potential there. In addition to the Staten Island redevelopment where we plan on keeping that as a strategic vacancy through 2017 when our entitlements come into place and we have a very large redevelopment there.
Collin Mings: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Dan, and to everybody that participated on our call today. As a reminder additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental as posted on our website. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - Vice President David Henry - Vice Chairman, President, CEO Glenn Cohen - CFO Conor Flynn - President, COO Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman Ross Cooper - EVP & Chief Investment Officer
Analysts: Christine McElroy - Citigroup Lina Rudashevski - JPMorgan Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Ryan Peterson - Sandler O'Neil Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Morgan - Canaccord Genuity Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group Geprge Auerbach - Credit Suisse Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley Linda Tsai - Barclays
Operator: Welcome to Kimco's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Vice President. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Thanks. Good morning and I thank you all for joining Kimco's third quarter earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; David Henry, Chief Executive Officer; Conor Flynn, President and Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, CFO; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the Company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help to investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Before we begin, allow me to remind everyone that Kimco is hosting an Investor Day on December 10th in New York City at the Palace Hotel. If you haven't signed up there's still time to RSVP to this event. Please contact my office and we'll send the invitation to you. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Henry for his final prepared remarks as CEO of Kimco. I believe his office furniture is being inventoried as we speak.
David Henry: I'm pretty sure I saw Glenn in there eyeing my couch. Good morning and thank you all for calling in today. As I prepare to pass the baton to Conor on January 1 and after 59 earnings calls over the last 15 years, permit me to give you a few personal thoughts. First, it has been a sincere pleasure to personally meet and spend time over the years with most of the analysts and investors on the call today. Everyone has been gracious and thoroughly engaging, while unabashedly providing me and their team their thoughts and opinions. This has been enormously helpful to me and our Company. Second, I'd like to emphasize the strengths and advantages of Kimco from a very high level as I see them. The firm founded by Milton and Artie Kimmel more than 55 years ago is a retail powerhouse in terms of its size, diversification, balance sheet, dividend safety, national scale, tenant relationships and industry contacts. We're the retail partner of choice for many private equity and institutional owners of both retail operating companies and retail property assets. Our opportunistic culture and investing disciplines have resulted in many wonderfully profitable investments for our shareholders. Most recently our sale of Supervalu stock and the pending Albertson's IPO. Third, the investment world sometimes, in my opinion, focuses a little bit too much on a simple metric as a proxy for the prospects of a REIT or the quality of its portfolio. In our case it has been and will continue to be a deeper story of corporate financial strength, size, scale and a culture totally focused on creating value for our shareholders. We have more properties, more local offices, more individual tenants and more retailer relationships than any of our peers. And combined with one of the lowest dividend payout ratios in the industry and our strong BBB plus investment balance sheet we stand second to none. Our portfolio after more than $5 billion of retail property sales and close to $5 billion of retail property acquisitions over the past five years, now consists of a very broad group of very high quality properties in excellent long-term growth markets, with numerous very accretive redevelopment prospects. Now stepping down off the soapbox and focusing on our third quarter, we're pleased to report excellent financial results for the quarter. Together with a dividend increase of 6.3% and a guidance increase. As usually, Glenn and Conor will discuss the specific details while Milton will close with some general thoughts. Overall, both our earnings and portfolio fundamentals are solid. Helped by the portfolio upgrade, accomplished through the sale of our lower tier retail assets and numerous high quality acquisitions. The open air property sector in general continues to have bright prospects due to limited new supply and the continued expansion of both national discounters and service-oriented retailers. Most of our top tenants are committed to significant store expansion plans and effective rents and leasing spreads are rising markedly. With respect to our corporate strategy, our U.S. property dispositions will be largely completed this year and we have moved quickly in Canada taken advantage of historic low cap rates by selling 19 properties to our Rio Kim joint-venture partner with 26 additional sale properties pending totaling CAD774 million Canadian. 22 of the additional 26 properties are being sold to either third parties or other Canadian joint-venture operating partners. Due to today's low cap rates compared to the high cap rates when we entered Canada in 2002, we have substantial gains embedded in our portfolio and we have structures our transactions to reduce the tax effects as much as possible. As such, our exit from Canada will be measured but we do expect to have largely monetized our Canadian assets during 2016. At that point Kimco will be totally focused on the U.S. and we will self-manage virtually all of our properties. We continue to feel very positive for at least the next several years about the underlying fundamentals of our open-air retail properties and the markets we've chosen to focus on. E-commerce has been effectively incorporated into brick and mortar store operations as show rooms, last mile delivery and brand awareness become more and more critical to successful retail businesses. I do hope everyone took note of Amazon's announcement on Tuesday that they have opened their first full brick and mortar store in Seattle. Amazon has now formally recognized that the omnichannel concept is very successful and that physical stores are important components of growth, even for e-commerce retailers. As a quick update on the Albertson's IPO, the actual IPO S1 filing remains open to provide future timing flexibility. Store operations also continue to perform well and the integration of Safeway and Albertson's has progressed very smoothly. Now I'd like to turn to Glenn, Connor and Milton for their thoughts.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Dave and good morning. Our third quarter 2015 results were strong with significant progress made on the disposition and simplification fronts. Even with some headwinds from the bankruptcy of Anna's Linens and A&P, our overall portfolio operating metrics continued to produce solid results. Headline FFO per share which represents the official name redefinition and what's used for first-call consensus, was $0.$0.40 for the third quarter, $0.$0.03 above consensus. Included in the headline amount is the further monetization of our Supervalu stock investment which provided a gain of $6.1 million, our plus business at work and $7.6 million from profit participation earned from the sales of the Canadian preferred equity investment. For the 9 months headline FFO per share is $1.21 up from &1.07 for the same period last year, a 13.1% increase. FFO adjusted per share or recurring FFO which excludes transactional income expense and non-operating impairments, was $0.36 for the third quarter. Same level as reported in the third quarter last year. Our results include an increase in recurring consolidated EBITDA of $6.3 million, driven primarily by the operating portfolio which was offset by prior interest of $2.5 million related to debt-assumed connection of the Kimstone acquisition earlier in the year. For the nine months FFO adjusted per share is $1.09 up from &1.05 for the comparable period last year, a 3.8% increase. We're pleased that we have successfully continued to grow our earnings, while dramatically transforming the portfolio with sales in the U.S., Mexico, Latin America and Canadian asset sales totaling over $1.4 billion over the past 12 months. We have mitigated much of the diluted impact with the acquisition of over 2 billion U.S. properties in our key markets, many of which resource from our joint venture programs and from reduced debt costs with well-timed debt refinancings. Our portfolio operating metrics remain solid. U.S. pro rata occupancy stands at 95.6%, up 10 basis points from the year ago. The bankruptcy of Anna's Linens nicked occupancy by 20 basis points this quarter. The team is focused on filling these boxes over the coming months. Breaking it down further, our anchor boxes are 98.3% leased, up 10 basis points from a year ago and small shop occupancy is 88%, up 100 basis points from a year ago. Our leasing team continues to deliver strong leasing spreads with new leases up 28.6% and renewals and options up 6.2%, for combined positive leasing spreads of 10.6 for the quarter. U.S. NOI growth was 2.4% for the third quarter, compared to a 4.9% comp last year. Bringing our U.S. same-site NOI growth to the 9 months to 3%, in line with our guidance range of 3% to 3.5% for the full year. The key driver for our same-site NOI growth has been the increase in minimum rent of 3% and improved recoveries and other revenues which added another 42 basis points. Same-site NOI growth was negatively impacted by 46 points due to higher credit loss reserves acquired primarily from the bankruptcies previously mentioned. Combined same site NOI growth including Canada, but excluding the negative 150 basis point impact of currency, was 2.2% for the third quarter and 2.8% for the nine months. For a few comments on balance sheet and capital market activity. We remain confident that we will reach our goal of six times consolidated net debt through recurring EBITDA by year end without the need for any common equity. This will be a swift improvement from the 6.6 times level at the end of the first quarter. We ended the third quarter at 6.3 times, the same as last quarter. We had anticipated closing the first part of the RioCan sale by September 30, but due to regulatory issues we did not complete the transaction until the beginning of October. Consolidated net debt to EBITDA on a pro forma basis, including the sale of RioCan, would be 6.1 times.  Subsequent to quarter end we successfully tapped the volatile bond market issuing a $500 million seven-year bond at a coupon of 3.4%, with a spread right on top of our secondaries. Proceeds will be used to pay higher coupon debt. The issuance of addresses our remaining maturities in 2015 of $169 million and more than a third of the maturities due in 2016. In addition, we have immediate liquidity in excess of $1.9 billion as of today with cash on hand and $1.7 billion available on our revolving credit facility. We also announced the redemption of our $175 million, 6.9% class A preferred stock which will occur on November 25. We will record a $5.8 million non-cash charge related to redemption in the fourth quarter which will impact our headline FFO. Proceeds from our anticipated sales mentioned in our press release will be used to fund the redemption. The redemption will result in reduction of our fixed charges by $12.1 million annually. Based on our solid results through the first nine months and expectations through the remainder of the year, we're raising our headline FFO per share guidance to $1.54 to $1.57 which includes the redemption charge mentioned above and minimal additional transaction for the fourth quarter. We're also tightening our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range to $1.44 to $1.46 from the previous guidance range. Guidance for 2016 will be provided at our Investor Day in December. Lastly, we're pleased to announce that based on our 2015 performance, our Board of Directors has improved an increase in the cash dividend to $0.255 cents per quarter, up from $0.24, an increase of 6.3% on an annualized basis. Our FFO payout ratio will remain conservative in the mid-60s % range, among the lowest in our peer group. Before I turn it over to Conor I want to thank Dave Henry for all his support and mentorship and advice over the past decade and a half. Dave has fostered a terrific culture at Kimco with an approach of treating everyone with the utmost respect. Dave keeps a saying on his desk which describes him perfectly. It says it is nice to be important, but it is more important to be nice. Dave is a terrific leader and a truly nice guy. We will miss him.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Glenn and good morning, everyone. Today I'll start by recapping progress on our key metrics, followed by an update on acquisitions and dispositions and finish with an overview of our strategic development and redevelopment pipeline. Overall the fundamentals of the open air shopping center business remain healthy due to the supply and demand balance. While the bankruptcy filings of Anna's Linens, Hagens and A&P will add to the supply side, the demand for quality real estate continues to far outweigh this factor, as evidence by the amount of bidders during these bankruptcy proceedings. Four of our nine A&Ps were recaptured by Kimco and the remaining five were purchased by Acme. These bankruptcies will create near-term headwinds to occupancy and same-site NOI, but given our strategy on focusing on great real estate with below market rents our shareholders will achieve long-term value as we mark-to-market these leases and continue to redevelop our assets. Turning to our major metrics, 10 basis points to 95.6% due to negative net absorption and the disposition of 15 stabilized shopping centers. Small shop occupancy remained flat, up 100 basis points from prior year. Anchor occupancy dipped 10 basis points over last quarter to 98.3%. The 22 Anna's Linens boxes recaptured this quarter provide an extended runway to allow our team to unlock value and take advantage of the upside due to the 10% to 20% mark-to-market opportunities embedded in these low average rent lease bases. Our combined leasing spreads continue the trend over 10%, a strong indicator that pricing power is intact in our key markets. Same site NOI of 2.4% in the U.S. was driven primarily by minimum rent increases, higher than expected percentage rent, but muted by higher than expected credit loss due to the bankruptcies mentioned earlier. The majority of retailers in our sector have significant new store opening plans and multiple size prototypes. A few examples of new innovative off price concepts include Find at Lord and Taylor and Lemon Pop by Charlotte Russe. These retailers are adding to the already crowded field looking for high-quality space and driving up rents. In addition we have welcomed new tenants this quarter such as Sephora. That will add a vibrant retail mix in our open air shopping centers. Small shop leasing shows signs of acceleration as we have seen the mom and pop retailer return, accounting for nearly half of the small shop leases this quarter. We continue to execute on our transformation and simplification with the previously announced closing of the 100% entries in Montgomery Square in Fort Worth, as well as the acquisition of our partner's interest in Conroe Marketplace located in the Houston MSA subsequent to quarter end. Both of these transactions result in further consolidation of our joint venture properties and give us buying opportunities in key strategic markets in a challenging acquisition environment. We also acquired three parcels adjacent to our top assets as we look to expand our footprint where we see future redevelopment opportunity. The acquisition market remains competitive for high quality core assets. While we search for value add opportunities, we continue to be selective. The disposition market remains healthy but showing signs of stabilizing with buyers still on the hunt for yield. In the third quarter we sold 14 triple net assets and 15 shopping centers, totaling 1.8 million square feet, generating $104 million in Kimco share proceeds at a blended cap rate of 6.9%. Buyers of these assets are taking advantage of the readily available financing of up to 80% loan to value, with floating interest rates at all-time lows which generates significant cash-on-cash returns. Buyers this quarter include public and private institutions, including REITS and local private buyers. Currently in the U.S. we have 17 assets under contract for $208 million, 13 accepted offers totaling $172 million and another 22 assets in the market that will complete our transformation by year end and produce another $400 million of gross proceeds. Steady progress continues to be made on our redevelopment and development pipelines. This quarter we completed $36.5 million of redevelopments with blended incremental ROI of 9.9%. Redevelopment activity added 10 basis points to same site NOI this quarter. A new lease with Safeway and Pacifica California was executed in the third quarter moving that grocery redevelopment in the Bay Area up to the active category. Currently the redevelopment pipeline has a gross value of just over $1.1 billion with a total of $269 million in active redevelopment, with another $734 million in designer entitlement and $122 million that is under review. In addition to our four developmental projects, due to robust retailer demand at our Grand Parkway project, this quarter we purchases the adjacent 35-acre land parcel to accommodate a phase 2. In closing, year-over-year average base rent per square foot is up 6.2% and we continue to push toward unlocking more of the embedded value in our portfolio. In the third quarter Kimco was inducted in to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index. We're proud to be the only retail REIT in the index and it highlights our ongoing commitment to become a leader in corporate responsibility and sustainability as we evolve in to the next generation REIT. Finally, I'd like to express how grateful and appreciative I am have to have had the opportunity to work with Dave for close to 15 years. He's been a mentor, a sounding board, a guide post and a dear friend that I truly value. Thanks to Dave and his leadership Kimco is well position today continue to deliver for our shareholders and become the leader in our industry. I'll turn it over to Milton for his final comments.
Milton Cooper: Thank you, Conor. During my lifetime I've seen many cycles and I've always felt that you had to prepare for the downturns. So at this point I've examined our portfolio in light of a possible future downturn and I feel confident that on a relative basis we're in the sweet spot of retail real estate ownership. Retail real estate is defensive and with any downturn, but with great opportunity during the up cycles. In tough times all price retailers should do well. Our portfolio contains many off price retailers including TJX, Ross Stores, Burlington Coat and Nordstrom Rack in over 200 locations. There is a food component in the 71.4% of our centers. We're the largest owner of Costco and Home Depot sites with 12 Costcos and 28 Home Depots. Credits that are very strong. Our top five tenants are TJX, Home Depot, Bed, Bath and Beyond, Royal Aho and Walmart. Most of our tenants sell low cost, everyday essential items. No retailer will be immune from a downturn, but I think we're well positioned. And we have an experienced, energetic executive team that is passionate about our business and focused on creating and managing value in our portfolio. So I face the future with confidence. I too would like to mention a few words about Dave. Dave has been my partner for the past 14 years. He has a wonderful way about him. He is sensitive, a great people person and has always had a sense of doing the right thing. You would never ever hear Dave say-- well, that's business. We will miss him. We wish him well and we're so pleased that we will have Dave available to us to share his sagacity with us. All the best, Dave. And as a final comment and to echo Dave Bujnicki, all of us at Kimco would very much love to see all of you at our Investor Day on December 10. With that, we're delighted to answer any questions you may have.
David Bujnicki: We're ready to move to the question-and-answer portion of the call. Due to the large volume of participants in the queue we request a one-question limit with an appropriate followup. This will provide all our callers an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you're welcome to re-join the queue. You may take the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Christine McElroy, CitiBank.
Christine McElroy: Following up on the exit from Canada, you have the RioCan transaction done. You have the additional 26 under contract. What's your best estimated range of the level of proceeds on the remaining Canadian assets that you expect to monetize in 2016? And can you maybe walk us through your expectations for the tax impact, what the cap rates look like, both pre and post-tax and expectations around reinvestment of proceeds as we head in to next year? I know it's a lot but just trying to get a sense for all the moving parts.
David Henry: Let me give you a high level, then I think Ross Cooper, who has worked with me and Kelly Smith who runs our Canadian operations, the three of us have been knee deep in our exit from Canada and we have had some excellent progress. I think as we reported, we've got in addition to the 19 we've already closed, we've got another four that we will sell to RioCan by the end of the year. And then there's 22 others that will be sold either to third parties or to other joint venture operating partners, the biggest one being Anthem properties. We have more than 20 properties with Anthem and those properties will all be sold during next year and the total proceeds will be under CAD800 million. I think we're going to average about a 6 cap rate before tax. And tax, I think we're still working on various tax strategies so Glenn can probably comment better on giving you a rough guess on the tax effect, but we're managing this as best we can to avoid any kind of special dividend. We do have large embedded gains thanks to the timing of our entry in Canada and the hard work our operating partners have done up there. The market remains very strong for A Properties in Canada, with cap rate in the 5 for the As. Secondary assets or secondary locations, the cap rates have widened a bit I'd say to the higher part of 6s, but the average I think if you wanted a rough average for us, a 6 would be a good number. With that, Ross, do you have any other color?
Ross Cooper: Dave pretty much mentioned the high level, but essentially what we have currently either under contract or under negotiation on a gross basis is about $1.2 billion, so the Kimco proceeds share of that is about $770 million before debt. With that we'll be pretty much done with about 80% of the total NOI contribution from Canada with those transactions that were announced. We'll have about 20% left which is plus or minus $240, $250 million of proceeds thereafter.
Glenn Cohen: It's Glenn. You asked about the tax implications. We've dealt with most of the tax implications for this year. That's why we've kind of staged where we're with what we've sold into RioCan. The taxes are roughly around 12.5% of the gain. So that gets paid off in Canada. We get that as a deduction in the U.S. against our own REIT income, so we feel pretty comfortable with where we're. It won't be certainly an issue for 2015's dividend. There's no requirement for a special dividend or special distribution and we feel comfortable as we start to look into '16 that we can deal with those gains as well. We've done a lot to accelerate, tax depreciation, we've done what's called cost segregation studies to bifurcate the way the assets are and the timing of when you depreciate those assets. Overall when you put it all together we feel pretty comfortable that there's no requirement for special distribution.
David Bujnicki: Christi, it's Dave Bujnicki. I just want to comment also on what Ross mentioned. When he talked about the 80% of the NOI, that's the 26 plus those 19 assets that we sold in October, so collectively in total that's what represents 80% of our Canadian NOI.
Operator: Next question comes from Ross Nussbaum, UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Jeremy here. Just to be clear after the next billion or so of sales either on the contract or accepted offers, there's only another $250 million of sales left at this point that you'd consider non-core, is that right?
Glenn Cohen: In Canada, yes.
Unidentified Analyst: What about I guess the U.S. and after this $350 million?
Glenn Cohen: The U.S. for the rest of this year for Q4 we have about $400 million left to sell which is either under contract or accepted offers where due diligence has already begun. Thereafter starting in early 2016 and beyond our disposition program really turns in to more of an asset management function and pruning just the bottom percentage of the portfolio on an ongoing basis. So you may see 150 plus or minus million per year of disPOs [ph] but that's ongoing management, not any need to sell or additional transformation that needs to be done.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Then just one question here for Conor. In your opening remarks, you mentioned dispositions, the disposition market was healthy but stabilizing. I'm just wondering if you could give a little more color around that statement. By stabilizing do you mean it's not as heated as maybe it once was earlier this year, even last year?
Conor Flynn: I think you interpreted that correctly. I think that we've seen that there's plenty of buyers still out there looking for high quality real estate and chasing yield, but the amount of bidders seems to have tapered off a little bit. But there's still very high quality bidders in that pool as well. So, we haven't seen any changes in terms of pricing. You saw the cap rate on our dispositions is in the sixes now and it continues to be going further down, so we think that it's stabilizing just because maybe there's less froth in the market to chase after these assets.
Operator: The next question comes from Lina Rudashevski, JPMorgan.
Lina Rudashevski: Just on the 22 Anna's Linens, can you talk about the downtime expected in getting those released and you said they were under market. What rent per square foot on average were you getting on that?
Conor Flynn: Sure, I'll take that one. Our average base rent on the 22 Anna's Linens is $15.28. We project that to be anywhere from 15% to 20% below market. Of the 22, we have 19 active deals and negotiation with tenants such as Buffalo Wild Wings, Forever 21, Old Navy, Chipotle, Guitar Center. We think there's a pretty positive impact we can capture in the near terms between 6 to 12 months that we'll be able to reposition the majority of these boxes. We have plenty of opportunity to capture the upsize and mark-to-market those rents.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim, SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim: Just to follow up on the last question, did that Anna's Linens box store closures impact your small shop or is that above 10,000 square feet?
David Henry: It did have a 30 basis point small shop impact this quarter. So if you look at that impact in addition to the sales of the stabilized dispositions, our small shop occupancy would be up quite a bit versus flat. That's why I mentioned we see the small shop health recovering nicely.
Ki Bin Kim: I guess that's kind of hard to gather from the press releases but thanks for that color. Could you maybe comment on, what do you think the pace will look like as we head in to 2016 given how full your anchor boxes are?
Glenn Cohen: We still have our target of 90% of small shops which we think is achievable especially once the disposition program winds down. Many of the assets we're selling today are either 100% occupied or near that mark, so if you take that out of the shuffling of the portfolio we think 90% is achievable by the end of next year and we see the volume in terms of the pending deal is significant and continues to improve.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Peterson, Sandler O'Neil.
Ryan Peterson: Just a question on the A&P leases. Can you give us an idea of the magnitude of the mark to market there and were all of those considered to be below market or is it just in total that they average out to be below market?
David Henry: Sure. Let me walk you through that. Of our nine A&P leases, four of them were bought by Acme. One of them was bought by Best Yet. The four that were recaptured, one we purchased in the auction because we wanted to control that real estate. In Staten Island we think there's significant opportunity. We redeveloped 90% of the asset with a brand new Target that's on a ground lease.  So the last piece of this will be that path mark box that we can reposition there and there's significant upside in that rent. Just to give you an idea, the current rent is $3.78. The second box in Staten Island that we're recapturing is in Highland Boulevard. We thinks this is going to be a 2017 redevelopment. We're going to be adding close to 100,000 square feet. And that rent is significantly below market as well. The other two, Home Dale New Jersey. We think there's up side there. There's plenty of operators that are looking to recapture those boxes. So in those four that we're recapturing we think there's a blend at 30% to 40% below market opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt, Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt: My question returns back to the AMP. Is it possible these spaces could be broken up and achieve higher rents or do you need to keep the boxes whole? I'm assuming it doesn't necessarily have to be reuse of a grocer.
David Henry: You're right on there. Most of the boxes we see as potential splits or redevelopments, there are plenty of operators that are bidding on this basis to keep it at one box so we're going to continue to look at the highest invest use and best returns on the repositioning. There's plenty of opportunity here to go with a grocery component or a non-grocery component. There's tremendous expansions for off price retailers today. Especially some of the newer concepts that are very aggressive in the Northeast and trying to gain market share so we're in a great spot here to really wait and see what's the highest and best use for the asset and look at the economics of either repositioning it by splitting it with a grocer or without a grocer.
Craig Schmidt: And the one that you acquired, what's the relationship with the other three then going forward?
David Henry: The one that we acquired, we wanted to control that real estate. We have 10 retailers that are bidding on the asset right now. We wanted to actually be in the position to be able to pick the retailer and the highest and best use there. That's the one in Staten Island that I mentioned earlier. The other three had very limited term on them. So there weren't many bidders looking to recapture those boxes. Even though the real estate is of high quality, retailers weren't bidding on it because of the relative term left on those leases without any options. We felt we were in a good position to recapture without bidding in the auction process.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Morgan, Canaccord.
Paul Morgan: Just like to echo everybody's sentiments. Dave, best of luck. It's been a pleasure working with you over the years. And just in terms of Canada and the net proceeds, how should we think about your ability to reinvest in net proceeds, well, both Canada and other remaining dispositions over the course of a year. You've had a lot of success rolling cash back in to acquisitions with your partners, consolidating those. Is that still a big opportunity or how should we think about your ability to kind of mass use the proceeds?
David Henry: That's a good question, I think we have still a tremendous opportunity to reinvest those proceeds first in redevelopment. We're seeing tremendous returns and our assets that we put those redevelopment projects in place. They may have some near-term drag on our same-site NOI but we think the long-term NAV appreciation there is significant and still the best use of our capital. There will still be an opportunity I think to buy some of our JV partners' interest out in the years ahead but it probably won't be on the same scale as it was this year with Blackstone. We'll also then look to look at reducing debt levels further. I think our balance sheet is very strong but we can always make it stronger. We're in a nice position to be able to look at the highest and best use of our capital going forward.
Paul Morgan: Is that potential cash -- unrealized gain from Albertson's kind of complicate the way you look at the amount of cash you'll have as you look over the next year or two?
Glenn Cohen: The nice thing about the Albertson's investment is that we'll have a marketable security that we'll be able to control when we want to sell. They're a great strategic partnership.
David Henry: Honestly the Albertson's transaction for us is truly what we talked about. It's the plus. It's going to provide a lot of capital for an investment that from an FFO standpoint doesn't produce anything. It's got a lot of value, a lot of NAV but from an earnings standpoint, it doesn't produce anything because we sit on the cost method with it so it's just plus and will provide us capital to put in to redevelopments, pay down debt and help generate further recurring flows.
Operator: Next question comes from Jim Sullivan, Cowen.
Jim Sullivan: I've got a question for Conor really on the redevelopment pipeline. You've talked for a while now about having a backlog or shadow pipeline of a billion plus. Would you have an active redevelopment about a quarter of a billion. I'm just curious as you think about this going forward, it's been a point of emphasis that you want to expand this. I'm just curious if there's a number in terms of an amount or percentage of the market cap that you're going to kind of consciously limit yourself to in terms of having it under active redevelopment.
Conor Flyn: It's a good question. I don't think we have a target percentage of market cap we're looking to achieve. It's an opportunistic play for us. We continue to try to mine the portfolio. From redevelopment opportunities. We're just getting start would identifying a billion 1 in redevelopment opportunities. You see with the recent bankruptcies, some of these projects we didn't have in our redevelopment pipeline. As retail shifts and as the portfolio changes, we look to acquire assets. We look at our existing assets where we can acquire parcels to add projects. We really want this to be a cornerstone of our strategy. It continues to grow and we think there's more opportunity embedded in our portfolio.
David Henry: Also the redevelopment pipeline is really one of the best uses of capital we have. The returns far exceed what the acquisition market has to offer today and we like to put on as many as we can. It's really the mining process and the timing to get whatever permits you need, lighting for tenants. We're going to just keep adding to it as we go because things cycle off. We build them, we get them up and going, we keep trying to mine more and more. It's a great use of our capital.
Jim Sullivan: Kind of a related followup to that, we have seen over the course of the last couple of quarters that a number of department stores are introducing their own off-price concepts this year. We've seen it with Macy's, Bloomingdale's, more recently Kohl's and Lord And Taylor. I wonder if you can share with us how aggressive you expect, how aggressive you think these retailers will be in terms of expanding this in a portfolio like yours.
David Henry: If you look at the department store model, it's completely changed. The off price concept has been a vehicle for growth. So a perfect example is Nordstrom. Nordstrom is one where the department store is still doing quite well but the vehicle for growth has always been the Nordstrom Rack and they continue to try to add store count and up their expansion plans. I think Macy's and others are actually taking a page out of their playbook. That's where you see the ramp up of expansion.  Macy's is trying to add more stores and believes their off price concept is their vehicle for growth. I think this trend will continue. We've seen the tremendous success of TJX and Ross. They see today's shopper is really focused on trying to find that deal, trying to take advantage of that treasure hunt and they've done a good job in terms of merchandising their stores and we think it's a great plus for our business because they continue to add to the demand.
Operator: The next question comes from Geprge Auerbach, Credit Suisse.
Geprge Auerbach: Glenn, just to clarify, the net tax impacts from the Canada sales is only 12.5% of the game but that's largely awash because of the credits you estimate tax income? Just trying to think about it any tax leaks from the Canada sales.
Glenn Cohen: It's not really awash because we get a deduction, not a credit, the way it works on our own read. So you do have the, the deduction we're getting as it relates to our U.S. REIT comes in to play relative to our dividends paid reduction but the cash you actually have that goes out in Canada is the 12.5% of the gain.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Lucas, Capital One Securities.
Chris Lucas: I guess what I'm wondering is if maybe you could give some color on where you guys sit with spaces that are under a year vacant versus those that have been vacant for a while and trying to understand where you sit with that. And where you're seeing the mom and pop tenants going in terms of the space breakout between those recently vacated versus the longer vacated space.
David Henry: Sure. The small shop acceleration I think is just continued over the past few quarters. You're continuing to see many of the services as well as the restaurants expand rapidly. Quick service restaurants have been one of the fastest growing components of our small shops. You're also seeing it in some of the dollar stores. Five Below, there's still plenty of opportunity there in addition to Old Navy and others. But we've seen that really the boost is coming from the services and that's great for us because those tenants are stickier. You're also seeing some impact from the medical players. The urgent care centers, the dentists, the optometrists. All those continue to expand. And your question about the small shop velocity, one year vacant versus less than one year vacant, it really is because we've sold so much of our portfolio, the spaces that have been vacant a long period of time are typically in those sites that we've sold so the ones that have been vacant for a significant amount of time, we see just as much activity on the ones that have just recently become vacant because our centers are now much higher quality and dense areas where there's a lot of demand and not quite as much shop space available. So we're confident that we can deliver in terms of our small shop occupancy gains and points about 90% by the end of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Moore, RBC Capital Markets.
Rich Moore: First Dave, I want to congratulate you on a great run at Kimco and of course good luck in whatever your next adventure is. Conor, my question for you is with the recent issues that some of the tenants have been having across the retail space, how do you feel about your long-term goal of 3% plus for same-store NOI growth as we go forward?
Glenn Cohen: The 3% plus target is one we feel confident we can achieve mainly because of our strategy of buying great real estate with great market rents. This is really how Kimco is built. We think embedded value in our portfolio is significant in the market opportunities and potential opportunities we have. Either identify or ones we're working on identifying. We still feel the opportunity is there for us to harvest that embedded growth and showcase that we can produce the 3%. The portfolio is a lot different today than it was just even a few years ago. If you look at our concentration across the country, we're really focused on the top growing markets that have diverse economies, high educated, high affluence and really a tremendous opportunity for us to continue to improve the tenants, improve the credit of the retailers, as well as the rent. So we think we're in a perfect spot to take advantage of this opportunity where the open air shopping center has really become the most in demand in terms of the retailer spectrum.
Rich Moore: Okay. So no loss of confidence from the recent kind of softness in the retailer market.
Glenn Cohen: It's really, the softness I think circled around a few tenants we've been watching for many, many years and we think that the watch list we have continues to be one of the shortest we've ever had in our history so with the new retailer concepts coming out as well as the opportunity for us to reposition some of these assets, we still feel confident.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste, Morgan Stanley.
Haendel St. Juste: My question is on Walmart. A top five tenant of yours. We've heard incrementally negative news from them recently as they grapple with competition both on the ground and from the internet, slowing the pace of openings of some of their smaller and their larger stores while continuing to close their medium size stores. Curious what you're hearing and seeing from them and potential implications for your portfolio.
David Henry: Walmart is clearly still a dominant force from the retail world today. Their neighborhood market stores have been positively. Their supercenter is still a dominant force that they're looking to expand. We were sitting down with them recently and when we went through our portfolio, they were cautiously optimistic that we could do a lot more together in the future in terms of redevelopment or development. So it's a tenant that is clearly going through some growing pains.  They're looking to see where their growth is coming from and they have a number of different formats now as well as trying out some new opportunities where they're going to be putting some delivery kiosks in department FEELGD. They have a number of different sized prototypes to help them penetrate markets that might have kept out the super center before. Plus their credit is still Double-A. Tough to argue with Double-A credit. We still feel confident that they're a player for the long haul. They've been putting a lot of money in to the omni channel. Clearly they've been going up against Amazon. And I think hopefully this holiday season is a positive one for them.
Haendel St. Juste: They mentioned in their Investor Day that revenues are going to keep expanding where their NOI is going to be hurt in the short-term, they're going to have to on the payroll side, they've agreed they're trying to pay their employees a little bit better. But they see themselves in three or four years getting back to the same NOI growth that it had previously and they're a big battle ship. It's hard to turn. They're really working hard to do the right thing and be proactive. They're big. A lot of these other retailers will do nothing and they're in bankruptcy in five years because they haven't done it. They're trying to be proactive to see what the customer wants. They're willing to take a little short-term pain to get there.
Haendel St. Juste: And maybe thought the most appropriate followup but curious if you share thoughts on leasing spread. It's bounced around the last couple quarters but generally been in the low digits. Curious how we should think about that the next few quarters.
Conor Flyn: We think those leasing spreads are achievable going forward. Clearly it will depend. Leasing spreads can be tricky because depending on the amount of population in there one deal can throw it off. But we feel confident if you look forward a few quarters, we don't see the supply and demand changing in our sector. We see there's plenty of opportunity for us to continue on that path.
Glenn Cohen: Even on the renewal side and option side, you're seeing mid-single digit running like in the 6% range on just [indiscernible]. So it's pretty possible.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Tsai, Barclays.
Linda Tsai: When you look at your watch list of retailers that have potential to, do you think it will be higher or lower than this year? It seems like you have a good handle on topic. Assuming your 2015 same-site NOI guidance is unchanged in 4q, you're looking for reasonable that would still get you to the midpoint of guidance.
David Henry: We run pretty reasonable credit loss reserves when doing our budgeting process. The credit loss [indiscernible] you saw in this quarter is specifically tied to a tenant that filed for bankruptcy that we have cam bills that haven't been paid but our overall reserves covered most of that. As we look in to 16, as Conor mentioned, the watch list is relatively short. We don't see mass amounts of bankruptcies happening. If they did, it would definitely impact us like it would impact everybody else but we feel pretty confident about the reserve levels we have today.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thank to everybody that participated on our call today. As a reminder additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental as posted on our website and we look forward to seeing you all at our Investor Day in December. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - VP, IR and Corporate Communications Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman Dave Henry - Vice Chairman, CEO Conor Flynn - President, COO Glenn Cohen - CFO, EVP, Treasurer Ray Edwards - VP, Retailer Services
Analysts: Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc. George Auerbach - Credit Suisse Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Samir Khanal - Evercore ISI Jason White - Green Street Advisors Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Paul Morgan - Canaccord Genuity Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Jim Sullivan - Cowen and Company Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley Christopher Lucas - Capital One Securities
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Kimco's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Chad. Good morning and thank you all for joining Kimco's second quarter 2015 earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, Chief Executive Officer; Conor Flynn, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Glenn Cohen, CFO. There are also other executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements, due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. And we have one housekeeping item to address. Kimco is hosting an Investor Day on December 10 of this year in New York City. We recently sent out invitations for this event and if you did not receive it, please contact my office and we'll make sure to get this to you. We've also provided more details on this event, with the opportunity to RSVP on our Investor Relations website and with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Henry.
Dave Henry: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call today. We are very pleased to report strong second quarter financial and operating results. As usual, Glenn and Conor will discuss the specific details, while Milton will provide some general thoughts. Overall both our earnings and property fundamentals looked terrific, as we continue to upgrade our portfolio and sell lower tier retail assets. Combined with limited new supply and healthy growth of both national discounters and service-oriented retailers, our operating metrics are strong and bode well for future earnings growth. It is particularly encouraging to note another strong quarter of US same-site NOI growth at 3.7%. Despite modest retail sales figures, national retailers continue their expansion plans, which in turn is fueling higher occupancies, redevelopment projects and some limited ground up development in certain markets. Effective rents are moving up sharply and property values continue to increase. In fact, the only disappointing current trend is the rising disconnect between private market evaluations and the implied cap rates property values of REITs in general. Retail properties of all quality types and an almost all markets are experiencing strong demand with cap rates continuing to drift down. Wherever possible, Kimco is continuing to take advantage of the robust sales market by selling our remaining second tier assets and redeploying the capital into redeveloping our larger properties and acquiring the equity interest of our institutional partners. In the latter case, we have the advantage of having managed the assets for many years and have in most cases, a long term presence in these markets. With respect to our overall strategy, we have now sold our remaining retail assets in Mexico and we've begun to sell certain Canadian properties, as we take steps to reduce our leverage levels which temporarily rose in the first quarter with our purchase of Blackstone's joint venture interest in the former UBS joint venture portfolio. We expect to continue selectively selling Canadian assets including our remaining Canadian preferred equity investments to help us achieve our year end debt target without issuing new equity. Glenn will cover this in more detail during his presentation. Also with respect to Canada property prices remain high despite the negative impact of energy prices on the economy particularly in Alberta. Our partners in Canada are also making excellent progress replacing the 9 Target Canadian stores in our portfolio. Five of the 9 Target leases have been purchased by Lowe's and Metro Grocery Store is taking part of fixed [ph] store. There is substantial interest from other retailers in our remaining phases including Marshalls, Bed, Bath & Beyond, H&M and Sport Chek. And I remind everybody that we have US, Targets guarantee on all 9 of the leases. Switching back to the US, I believe most participants on the call today have noted the recent public IPO filing of Safeway, Albertsons. We are confident that the future monetization of our 9.8% investment will provide an additional source of capital to fund developments, redevelopments, acquisitions and reduced debt. During the quarter, as reported we also sold approximately 80% of our super value stock at a large deal. Our Plus business continues truly be a strong plus for us. Overall, we feel very positive about the underlying fundamentals, about open air, retail properties and the markets we are focusing on. The eCommerce impact on essential goods and services has been modest and most national retailers have emphasized the benefits of brick and mortar store locations as an essential part of their integrated omnichannel strategy and very necessary for brand exposure. The proof really is in the numbers. As occupancy, rents, leasing spreads and renewals are all strong across our sector. Now I'd like to turn to Glenn, Conor and Milton for their thoughts.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Dave and good morning. Our second quarter results were strong with solid execution at the property operating level and additional contribution from our Plus business. As we reported last night, headline FFO per share, which represents the official NAREIT definition, was $0.44 for the second quarter. A 29.4% increase from the $0.34 over the last quarter. Our strong performance is attributable to NOI increase of $8 million or $0.02 per share from the shopping center portfolio and higher transactional income primarily from the $32.4 million marketable security gain on the cost of sale of our super value investment. For the six months, headline FFO per share is $0.81 up from the $0.68 per share level for the comparable period last year, a 19.1% increase. FFO was adjusted or recurring FFO which excludes non-operating impairments and transactional income and expense was $0.37 for the second quarter up from $0.35 last year, a 5.7% increase. It's worth noting that, this level of growth was achieved even with the impact of $900 million of US asset sold over $400 million of asset sold in Mexico, Latin America and Canada and a negative impact from currency fluctuations. This transformational activity have diluted impact of $0.06 per share. However it was more than offset with acquisitions of over $2 billion of high quality shopping centers and many from our joint venture programs and reduced debt cost from opportunistic refinancing. For the six months, FFO is adjusted per share is $0.73 from $0.69 for the comparable period last year of 5.8% increase. Portfolio operating metrics of occupancy, leasing spreads and same-site NOI growth continue to deliver strong levels. Our US pro rata occupancy stands at 95.7% up 70 basis points from a year ago. US leasing spreads continue to increase with new leases up 26% and renewals and options up 8.7% for combined positive leasing spreads of 11.9%. The closely watched metric of US same-site NOI growth was 3.7% for the second quarter driven primarily by minimum rent increases and better credit loss results. Included in the US same-site NOI growth is 50 basis points from new developments. For the six months, US same-site NOI growth is 3.4% with 40 basis points coming from redevelopments. We are maintaining our US same-site NOI guidance range of 3% to 3.5% for the full year 2015. Combined same-site NOI growth including Canada was 3.4% for the second quarter and 3.2% for the six months excluding the negative 110 basis point currency impact. We continue to make progress on our balance sheet metrics with consolidated net debt to current EBITDA dropping to 6.3 times from the 6.6 times level at the end of first quarter. We have raised our full year disposition guidance range to $800 million to $1.1 billion representing an increase of $250 million to $350 million. Which will provide the necessary capital to bring our net debt to recurring EBITDA to six times by year end without the need for any common equity assurance? Based on our strong first half results and expectations for the second half of the year. We are raising our headline FFO for share guidance range to $1.52 to $1.56 from the previous per share range of $1.50 to $1.55. The headline guidance range includes an additional $1 million to $6 million net transactional income generated during the remainder of the year. We are also increasing our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range to $1.43 to $1.46 from the previous per share guidance range of $4.142 or $1.45. Again these increased per share guidance levels, do not anticipate the need for any common equity insurance and with that, I'll turn it over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Glenn and good morning, everyone. Today I'll start by recapping our major metrics followed by our progress on our acquisitions and dispositions and finish with updates on our strategic development and redevelopment pipeline. Overall, we continue to see the fundamentals of our business improved in this favourable supply and demand environment. Our retailers in open-air centers which include off price soft goods, specialty grocers, fitness and wellness concepts and fast casual restaurants continue with the their aggressive expansion plans. Regardless of the interest rate noise that's creating a disconnect between public and private pricing, we are laser focused on execution. These core initiatives include the blocking and tackling of leasing. Continuous efforts to improve operations with an eye towards sustainability and finishing off our disposition by taking advantage of the healthy demand for hard assets with a strong yield. Turning to our major metrics, the US portfolio maintained occupancy at 95.7% even with the disposition of over 1.2 million square feet of fully occupied space. Due to the disposition, the small shop occupancy took a slight dip to 88% at 20 basis point decrease in prior quarter. But we remain confident about the overall improvement in the small shop leasing environment and the ability to grow occupancy throughout the rest of the year. Anchor absorption made up the difference as it increased to 98.4% by executing new deals with Wal-Mart, Fresh Thyme Farmers Market, Total Wine and Planet Fitness to help keep the overall US occupancy flat over prior quarter. Our combined spreads for the second quarter were almost 12% a strong indicator that pricing power exist in our key markets, where we see demand outpacing supply. Same-site NOI and continues to trend over 3% in the US and the lease up with small shop vacancies, redevelopments and strong re-leasing spreads will continue to produce solid results. A retailer watch list continues to be of focus, as we have seen a few dark clouds on the horizon, with the recent bankruptcy filings of RadioShack, Anna's Linens and A&P. All three combined make up less than 1% of our AVR. Our diverse tenant base allows us to think strategically about the long-term goals of our assets, that our core performing retailers that have great underline real estate value. The average base rent of the portfolio is up 6.1% year-over-year. Our new leases are being signed in an average of over $19 significantly above our current average base rent showcasing the embedded value to the mark-to-market opportunity, we have Kimco's. We continue to execute on our transformation and simplification strategy. With the previously announced closing of the KIF II transaction at Montgomery Square in Fort Worth. Both of these transactions further the consolidation of our joint venture properties and give us buying opportunities in a challenging acquisition environment that also acquires seven adjacent parcels to our Tier 1 portfolio, as we look to expand our footprint, where we see the opportunity for future redevelopment. The acquisitions market remains ultra-competitive and a few recent transaction showcase, that cap rates continue to fall especially for high quality open-air centers in dense markets. while we continue to mind for opportunities, we believe the best use of our capital continues to be redevelopment and strategic development. The disposition market continues to remain healthy with cap rates continuing to compress across quality and markets. In the second quarter, we sold 13 properties totalling 1.3 millions square feet and all were 100% occupied generating $92 million in KIM share proceeds. Buyers of these assets include public institutions, private REITs and local private buyers. Currently, we have 28 assets under contract for $170 million, 15 accepted offers totalling $136 million and another 18 assets in the market that will complete our transformation by year end and produce another $500 million of gross proceeds. With respect to our redevelopment and development programs. Whether it's cooling our existing portfolio looking for value add opportunities, assembling adjacent parcels to create future phases or building a new site from the ground up. Our team is working overtime to analyze the highest and best use of the real estate. This modus operandi to evaluating real estate investments opportunities is what we call strategic development. That said, steady progress continues to be made on our redevelopment, development pipelines. This quarter, we completed 11 redevelopments with gross cost of $34 million. The blended incremental ROI on these project is 15.5%. the projects were completed under budget and above our revenue expectations. Representing an increase in ROI of 120 basis points over pro forma. At the same time, seven projects were promoted to the active status included in the category of promotions. Our Forest Avenue in Staten Island, where we will be redeveloping a formal national wholesale liquidators to make way for a new LA Fitness. And at our Downtown, Farmington Center in Farmington, Michigan. We'll be redeveloping a former Office Depot in Tuesday morning for a new Fresh Thyme Farmers Market continuing our effort to add a grocery components to our centers EO redevelopment. Notable completions this quarter include the transformation of two K marts in Florida, where we added Whole Foods, TJX and Ross among other great retailers. The redevelopment pipeline targets the highest and best use for each asset. That the focus on upgrading the quality of the tenant mix, adding a grocery component and adding density via mixed use to complement the existing retail. The continued expansion of speciality and traditional grocery concepts in our core markets. in addition to the emergence of a number of new off price for outlet concepts bodes well, for our redevelopment and strategic development initiative. These new demand forces are allowing us to unlock below market rents with higher producing retailers, that will benefit the net asset value of the portfolio. Currently the redevelopment pipeline has a gross value of just over $1.1 billion for the total of $268 million in active redevelopment another $756 million in designed and entitlement and $97 million in under review. For the quarter, redevelopment adds 50 basis points to our same-site NOI. We continue to look for development opportunities that are within our core markets. Complement our long-term Tier 1 portfolio and provides compelling returns. Despite high retailer demand, sourcing new projects that will be accretive remains challenging. Due to rising cost of land associated with the boom in multifamily development. That said, retailer demand for our select developments has been strong and we continue to work towards securing a vibrant tenant mix that will create a live, work, play atmosphere that we seek to create on all of our Tier 1 assets. Our four development projects remain on track and will start to deliver in the second half of 2016. In closing, at the midpoint of the year. We are pleased with our progress on our strategic initiatives but understand that the execution throughout the second half of the year is key to achieving our goals. So we've empowered our operations team to make strides to become the best in class operator of open-air shopping centers and it is nice to our efforts being recognized. Commercial property executive magazine named Kimco the number two most effective property manager. And Newsday named Kimco, one of the top three greenest REITs in the entire REIT universe and number one in all of retail. These accomplishments could not have been achieved without the passion and effort of our deep bench of talented individuals that are pushing Kimco to become the next generation REIT and with that, I'll turn it over to Milton for his final comments.
Milton Cooper: Thanks, Conor. I would once again like to congratulate our team which is second to none on an excellent quarter. In particular, I would like to thank Ray Edwards, who continues to spearhead our Plus business activities and was instrumental in the Albertsons investment. Ray is just one example of our deep bench strength. And as I've said before, we've great people, great assets and a great future. On another topic, the recent bankruptcy filing of A&P, as it relates to our portfolio. Got me thinking about the off and cited premise, that high rents are a proxy for value and quality. Now with respect to our A&P sites. Four leases with below market rents are being site of the grosses generating a profit to A&P, while two other stores with above market rents will be closing. Now this admittedly is a small sample, but I think it is telling. A rent that as if, market or below is much more sustainable over the long-term as the embedded value represents an upside for both the landlord and the tenant. These win-win scenarios for the owner or the retailer are what creates long-term value. As such, I believe that low market rents and sometimes we're talking about ground rent, should be recorded lower cap rates conversely, while higher rents maybe an indicator of a quality assets. They may also reflect more risk, if the rents aren't sustainable over the long run. When underwriting of potential acquisition determining of replacement rents for some to high paying tenants is critical to the overall valuation of that site. In short, one size does not fit all. And now we'll be happy to take any questions.
David Bujnicki: We're ready to move the question-and-answer portion of the call, we have a very deep queue. So we request that you respect to limited one question, with an appropriate follows up to all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions, you're welcome to rejoin the queue. Chad, you may take the first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question comes today from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America
Craig Schmidt: I know that Kimco is working on becoming a more urban portfolio, but outside of continuing to concentrate the portfolio around the top metro markets, what are some of the steps you're taking to become a more urban portfolio?
Conor Flynn: I think the number of different steps we're taking, we're really divesting of the asset that fall outside of our core urban markets. we're also looking to acquire adjacent parcels to our assets that are within the core urban areas. And we're looking to develop within those core markets. so combining acquisitions with development and redevelopment and disposition. We really are trying to transform the portfolio to become a more urban portfolio.
Craig Schmidt: And what are you seeing in terms of spreads of either NOI gain or leasing spreads in terms of the urban properties versus maybe some of the properties in the second tier cities?
Conor Flynn: It really is a case-by-case analysis. You've got to look at the ones that we continue to try and redevelop, even if they're in second markets because those will actually return very nice returns. But we're seeing the embedded growth whether it's a same-site NOI or the leasing spreads on the mark-to-markets within the core urban markets, definitely are growing at a higher pace. We've seen that, the urban markets have higher embedded growth and more demand from our retailers and that's a real reason why, we're focusing on that chapter.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Christy McElroy with Citigroup.
Christy McElroy: Conor, just following up on your comments around development. As you look at your portfolio and are considering more sort of larger scale projects, whether identification of existing assets or new development. And you also talked about the large redevelopment pipeline sort of a shadow pipeline looking out. How do you think about sort of annual pace of realizing some of those opportunities. So I think, you're in process pipeline is only about 2% to 3% of your growth assets value currently. Do you have a desire to growth that overtime?
Conor Flynn: It's a good question, I think breaking it down to two different buckets. Redevelopment is one that I love to do more of, we're trying to focus and see, how we can expand that $1.1 billion pipeline by adding more projects. Clearly, we're doing a good job in terms of expanding that and also delivering on it. We saw at this quarter, we did more than last quarter and we continue to try and scale that. On the development side, we're being very selective on what we try and pick up for developments. It really has to be within our key markets. we're trying to develop these long-term Tier 1 assets because they've high growth embedded in them. And it's very difficult to find ones that check all those boxes. So we want to try and trying to be measured in terms of what we take on in development. But we're also making sure that we try and look for those opportunities because right now, where cap rates are headed. We don't see a lot of opportunity to create a tremendous amount of value from the acquisition market. So we're looking from our own portfolio, we're looking at acquiring adjacent parcels that may land itself to larger redevelopments overtime and we're also looking at the development side of it. So I'd like to see us grow, on all fronts. That being said, we don't have a target in place. It's really, we're trying to look at every opportunity and make sure it's the right one for Kimco.
Christy McElroy: And are there any investments that you need to make sort of internally staffing wise. You already set up for sort of growing that redevelopment pipeline.
Conor Flynn: We have already made those investments. We are already staffed up in terms of the development and redevelopment side of the business. We knew very early on, that this was going to be a growing pipeline and made sure that, within the regions that we staffed accordingly because we were very active in terms of trying to identify this early on and make sure, that we get out ahead of it before the development pipeline gets even larger.
Christy McElroy: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from George Auerbach with Credit Suisse.
George Auerbach: You took out the equity rates from guidance and replaced it with more asset sales which makes a lot of sense given the way your stock is trading. How do you think, earnings growth trajectory of the company in the near term, given the back end loading of dispositions. Do you think Kimco can be a sort of mid single-digit FFO grower next year or do you see 2016 as being maybe a bit more low growth given the dispositions?
Glenn Cohen: Hi, it's Glenn. We started off this year, thinking that this was going really be our bridge year and we're performing pretty well, where you're going to see pretty decent growth come from it. You're right, we're back ending some of the sales. But the growth in next year should still be, I would say comparable to where we're this year.
George Auerbach: Thanks, Glenn that's helpful. I guess, as a follow-up should we read into next year's disposition volume given the comments on the call about, how healthy is the transaction markets are? Do you think next year, we could see a similar level of dispositions or is this year sort of the bulk, as we think about the next 18 months?
Glenn Cohen: No, I don't think you're going to see the same level. I mean, we're talking about total dispositions at our share somewhere between $800 million and a $1 billion for this year. I don't think it will be anywhere near that next year. Certainly, we're finishing up what we've done in the US. You will still see us do some level of dispositions. I think we've - as a company have been very clear about really looking at every asset and where we see risk in that asset or a market moving away. We've been trying to be aggressive about selling those assets and really focusing on that Tier 1 portfolio.
George Auerbach: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Ki Bin Kim: So you guys made an interesting comment about the rent and how that is critical to underwriting deals. I'm just curious and maybe this is more for our anchor spaces. But for what percent of your tenants do you have occupancy cost data? And how does that look like and are there any retailers in your list, that might screen as maybe too high of an occupancy cost where it might be at risk going forward?
Conor Flynn: It's a good question; I think occupancy cost is one that we watch closely, where we have the sales data available. It's one that is difficult to track when we don't have the sales data obviously. So unfortunately our portfolio doesn't have a tremendous amount of sales data. But where we do, we feel very comfortable with where this the occupancy cost sits relative to the industry standard. So we think, that we actually have some significant embedded mark-to-market opportunities, not only from the existing operator but also just from the open market. So we try and look, we try and track occupancy cost, where we have the sales data and we also look at the market rent replacement value, just in the open market as well.
Ki Bin Kim: So maybe just to follow-up on that. So any retailers top 20, top 40 list that you think, not in trouble today, but maybe is heading towards that direction next year.
Conor Flynn: I think in our sector, we're in the sweet spot right now in terms of the occupancy cost because many of the retailers in our Rolodex are actually producing pretty solid same-store sales and you'll see that continue I think through this next cycle. So we don't see any other dark clouds on the horizon other than the few watch list tenants that we've been watching for a long period of time.
Ki Bin Kim: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Samir Khanal with Evercore
Samir Khanal: Looks like you've been trending at about 3.5% on same-store NOI growth year-to-date, which is at the higher end of the range. But you kept the guidance unchanged and I'm just trying to understand if you're just being conservative, due to some of the recent store closings or is it just the fact that you're also facing some tough comps. I know, last year in the second half you were sort of 4.5% range. So can you just provide some color around this?
Glenn Cohen: Sure. Our buyers at this point is more towards the upper end of our range, where we've been. But again, you have to look at some of the bankruptcies that have occurred. So we have to be a little cautious from that standpoint. But when our buyers is towards the upper end of the range, but we don't have enough clarity to sit there and try and raise it at this point.
Conor Flynn: And the leasing velocity continues to be strong. I think that, even though you see that our small shop occupancy decreased this quarter. It was really driven by the dispositions and we actually had more small shop leasing volume in the second quarter, that we did in the first quarter. So we feel pretty optimistic that the fundamentals are there.
Samir Khanal: Right and as a follow-up to that, just on the metrics. I mean, your spreads are on a blended basis are trending kind of in the low double digits this time and in the past, it'd been high single digits. I mean, one of your peers is been reporting new rent spreads to kind of 40% to 50% increases. I mean, could we see a point where maybe your blended spreads moves up to maybe the mid to high-teens levels as well.
Conor Flynn: I think you've seen our spreads, continue to move up. If you look past at the last few quarters. You'll continue to see that trend. We feel pretty confident that we are continuing to push pricing where we can. So there is that opportunity to, where we're able to recapture space, leases that don't have any more options. That's where we really see a dramatic rent increases and we do have a few of those coming up, not only in this year but in the next few years.
Dave Henry: And we take some comfort that, our sector still is in a recovery mode. Rents and many markets are still climbing back to their previous highs. So that gives some tailwind to where we're going.
Samir Khanal: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason White with Green Street Advisors
Jason White: Quick question on your kind of percentage of anchor space versus small shop space. You historically been heavier on the anchor side, I think more than roughly three quarters of your spaces, anchor space. I'm curious if that's by design or if that's just what's kind of become of the portfolio overtime and how you kind of think about that going forward?
Conor Flynn: It is something, that we actually tout as a differentiator for us because we have 77% of our, income coming from our anchors. It's one that we think we can manage effectively because of the investment grade credit ratings that they receive and we are very conscious of watching how they expand or contract. We have a national relationships that we can very much take into effect when we're looking for new projects or new developments. And we think the risk involved with the national anchors is a little bit less than, then say the small shop. So we like the way our portfolio is designed. We continue to develop asset that have a good mix in anchor tenants as well as some restaurants and some small shop tenants and you'll see that, as we continue to try and push the, the grocery initiative. We'll start to become a much more grocery anchored portfolio as we're already over 70% grocery anchor.
Jason White: Okay, so you look at that anchor space being, having a point of going forward. Is it harder kind of ex-redev to push same-store NOI given that small shops turn faster, so in an up market, you can obviously roll those leases quicker and much market faster than you can anchors, is that kind of trade off?
Conor Flynn: I think that's a fair statement. I think, the smaller shops definitely have more turnover, more mark-to-market opportunities. Being said, we saw on the last downturn that the small shops for the ones that got hit the hardest. So we feel like, we're trying to position ourselves for the ultimate cycle. We're feeling pretty confident that, where our leases are maturing, where the rents are, we feel like, we have significant mark-to-market opportunities in both small shop and anchor leases.
Jason White: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill
Alexander Goldfarb: First, nice job on getting the Jericho parcel. Question for you on Canada and harvesting the Albertsons stake. As you guys, obviously love to do that presumably you have this nice game in Albertsons. Do you think, that you can do both simultaneously from an efficiency standpoint or because of structuring things? You'd have to favor one versus the other, in terms of timing.
Dave Henry: Well let's take both sequentially. In Canada, it's going to be some time before we sell a number of assets up there. We have a number of joint ventures and just like the US, we've identified it, a Tier 1 and a Tier 2 group of assets there. The Tier 2 assets are much easier to put on the market because you generally have consensus with your operating partner. On the Tier 1 asset, it's more of a discussion and it will take more time to do because we're near the tail end of this year, what we even start today some of that's going to fall into next year. So I guess, when we look at Canada in harvesting some of those assets in order to provide capital, to pay down debt. It's going to be spread over the next couple years as it is. When you look at Albertsons even if the IPO is successful, there will be a lockout period and Ray can go into that a little bit. So that's more of a longer term harvesting in our mind.
Ray Edwards: Yes, I mean. On Albertsons, if the IPO does happen in the fall as we hope, to be at minimum 180 day lockout to sell any of the shares on the company. I mean for us, duality with Albertsons transaction was, when we closing the deal in February nobody thought, it'll be seven months going out there as an IPO. So we're way ahead of the curve in our ability to monetize the investment whether because we're moving up the IPO timing.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, but Dave if I hear you correctly, then it sounds like the exit from Canada is going to take years whereas the Albertsons could be quicker subject obviously after the 180 days, but just subject to normal, have the stock.
Dave Henry: No, I would actually reverse that. I'm a little more confident that Canada, at least not some of those assets can be done relatively quickly over the next, let's call it 18 months. So by the end of next year, there will be a significant amount of monetization going on, which will help us achieve our targets. The IPO and the timing of monetization that is a little more, an estimate of maybe the backend of next year, is when that could start to happen.
Ray Edwards: I mean, it could take time. Our consortium will still own 855 of the company. We have to prudently figure out how we're going to monetize investment.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank
Vincent Chao: Just sticking with some of the Albertsons side discussion here. Just on the rest of the Supervalu stake just curious what the plan is there?
Conor Flynn: We'll probably try to monetize it over the balance of the year, which is obviously our plan.
Vincent Chao: Okay and I guess, just in terms of Canada performance. Curious, can you provide some additional color on sort of what you're seeing at the ground level there, obviously the company is being impacted and you've got to deal with the target stores. But just curious, what trends you're seeing there more recently?
Dave Henry: You've got two headwinds for retailers up there. One is the energy downturn, which has impacted employment, it's impacted the whole commodity pricing sector has impacted Canada and it's led to softening in many respects in terms of consumer confidence, consumer sales and so forth. Secondly, many retailers get their inventory of goods from the US and the strong US Dollar and the quite substantial movement in that US Dollar has really hurt retailer margins in many cases. Particularly, fashion and that has impacted retail sales, retail margins, retail profitability. So you've got a few more bankruptcies and liquidations of retailers in Canada right now then we're seeing in the US. So the fundamentals are definitely a little softer in Canada, but we're coming off of 15 years where Canada in many respects, was stronger than the US in terms of portfolio occupancy and rents. It was very solid performer for us. So it was softened lately and the Target bankruptcy doesn't help, but there has been some pretty good demand for the space. And you're going to see more of it, now that these leases have been rejected. It opens up a more discussion between landlords and users. As an example, many of these Target leases had food restrictions in them. So the ability for the Wal-Marts of the world and the grocery stores in Canada to bid for the leases, there just wasn't that much demand. So it's not a coincidence that Canadian Tires and Lowe's were the two big purchasers of the Target Canada leases because they didn't have to deal with the food issue.
Vincent Chao: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Morgan with Canaccord Genuity
Paul Morgan: Just talking about the cost business. I mean you've gone through Supervalu and Albertsons, but how are you thinking about kind of the forward-looking side of things. I mean there is a lots of retailers kind of looking hard at doing something with their real estate and are you out there proactively approaching retailers or if we look at any kind of future deals, would they be more you know where you step into a club deals like you've done before?
Ray Edwards: Well it all depends. I mean club deal for Albertsons. When you're buying operating company, you really want to bring in about other people who have expertise that we might not have. On that deal, we were the experts on the real estate evaluation and help to do that. But we needed, in that case [indiscernible] to help us with the capital structure of the goal concern and bringing the right operator. But we have done deals and we do look at opportunities to do deal directly with retailers. We've done small deals in the past, we did a deal with Winn-Dixie about a year and half ago. We got a great a little shopping center in Marathon and development, a couple years. So we look at, reaching out through retailers. We have great relation with them and most of them know, that we've been in this business. I've been here for 15 years, but Milton's been doing it for 50 years that we're someone that they can talk to and help them figure out what they can do with their real estate and help monetize it. And really some things are win-win, we're not out there gorging these retailers because ultimately we want them to be around because we wanted to be, tenants in our shopping centers. And so very good relation for them to work with us.
Paul Morgan: We've seen the Sears REIT Darden [ph] and the other people talking about during REITs and there have been JV's on the mall side with yours in particular. I mean, what do you think about this wave of retailer REIT conversions and whether you might, play a role there somehow whether it's from a JV perspective or taking investments stake. I mean, do you have any view on that trend?
Ray Edwards: I mean part of it is, one of the issues I've always had with the, major factors. We don't want to take tenants and make them 8% or 10% of our average base rent. If you do tell me a transaction. So while these larger deals, are really not for us to work on because of that. But like I said, what we do with Winn-Dixie, where they have five properties, where they're very manageable, very good locations. We can take that. We can help these guys, but they're doing a REIT like, here surcharge. I mean 80% of the properties are malls, that's not our business. And that's, where why they work with General Growth and Macerich and others because they really needed them to doing a redevelopment because without the mall developers, you really can't develop those sites, they're different animal. We've bought from Sears, they had a facility one of our development deals that property that we bought from Sears that we closed on last year. So we're selectively looking for deals. I'm not sure, we're looking for that headline $100 million, $200 million, $300 million, $500 million deal. I think, we're trying to work around the edges and our main business is you know for Conor and Company to run the main business.
Dave Henry: We do want to keep the Plus business, a Plus business and we're committed to making the best modest debts and we love these one off opportunities that Ray did mention, but when Sims went into bankruptcy, we bought one of their better assets out of that. So we like the smaller opportunities to truly be plus for us and one of the keys to growing this Plus business over the years is to increase the number of relationships we have, not only with retailers which we already have, but with the private equity and the opportunity funds and the hedge funds, which have their own ways to originate opportunities here. So we want to be the first call from a private equity firm that's tied up a retailer that owns a lot of its own real estate.
Ray Edwards: We did buy a number of few food stores quietly a year or so ago, when real estate in City of New York and so we quietly do our share.
Paul Morgan: All right, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Mueller with J.P. Morgan
Michael Mueller: I know you talked about Canada generally, but did you mentioned. How much of the 2015 increased disposition volume is tied to Canada and then, Dave I think you talked about being making substantial progress over the next 18 months or so with Canada sales. Can you put some bill rough numbers around that?
Dave Henry: I'll let Glenn.
Glenn Cohen: I mean the increase in the disposition guidance about $200 million of it, the proceeds will come from Canadian sales. So that's part of it and then, as we look at further dispositions, that will come into 2016, another $200 million.
Dave Henry: Most of our partners do know, that we would like to monetize the lower tier assets, as the first step and in some cases. We're willing to sell to them some upper tier assets as an example, you've seen us sell three properties to our partner RioCan, which had different plans for those properties then we did overtime and we were, in first instance we were actually able to trade, the interest that they have in a very nice property in Dallas, Fort Worth where we had done an original joint venture with them. So we were effectively able to buyout their interest in Texas, while they bought our interest in three assets in Canada. So there may be more opportunities to do things like that.
Michael Mueller: Okay, do you expect the 2016 Canada disposition volume to be significantly different from the $200 million this year?
Dave Henry: I suspect it will be higher, yes.
Michael Mueller: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Jim Sullivan of Cowen
Jim Sullivan: Question on demand, kind of two part question. First of all, I think Conor you mentioned recently doing a Planet Fitness deal and as you probably know, they have their IPO queued up here and they're talking about very significant level of expansion. I wonder if you could share with us kind of a how they box might differ from an LA Fitness or 24 Hour Fitness Box and what your appetite is to do more deals with them? I think you mentioned the category, there's a growth segment. And then secondly with regard to small shop occupancy, you've talked before about kind of your clicks to bricks initiative. One of you could just give us an update on any progress or kind of notable deals you've done there, that give you grounds for optimism?
Conor Flynn: Sure, on Planet Fitness they have been aggressive actually over the past. I would call, 2 years to 3 years. So their expansion plans continue. Their pricing point is lower than LA Fitness. So it's certain demographic, they're the perfect user. They do bring on a traffic and we've seen actually from a co-tendency side of it. A lot of our retailers who are at first against the health club have actually come around and Sprouts for example is one that actually likes the gym to come into the shopping center because it's the whole health conscious type customer, that they're looking to go after. So you're starting to see that the health clubs become more of a, an integral part of that live, work, play environment that we're trying to create. And I think Planet Fitness has done a good job in terms of expansion and what they're looking to do going forward. That being said, they're in that size where we have so much demand right now. We're at 98.4% in our spaces over 10,000 square feet. And Planet Fitness will be bidding against a lot of these guys that are looking to come in, for that same size box. I see that as being a headwind for their expansion plans, but they do run a great operation and we have a number of deals with them and a number other of more deals in the pipeline. And then on the Clicks to Bricks question. This is something we've been tracking now for probably close to 5 years and it's a program we've been targeting pure online retailers to come into the physical shopping center world. The transformation of that eCommerce to the bricks and mortar space has been slow, but you're seeing and start to speed up now. Some of the pure online retailers now opening physical stores. It haven't necessarily been in the open-air shopping center sector. It's been more in the high street retail core owners as they're looking to jump into the Soho's of the world, to showcase their brand and to have a space to show-off their goods. That being said, there is rumors of Amazon developing a store, that we're watching closely in California that actually has a drive-thru attached to it. So if that comes to fruition, it may open a whole slew of new operators to come into our shopping center, that would create even more demand sources for us. So we're watching it closely, we're encouraging some of the modern top online players to come in our shopping centers, but it has been material of late.
Jim Sullivan: Good, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Moore with RBC
Rich Moore: Conor, I missed a little bit of your initial presentation, I got cut off. But did you mention. If your small shop leasing target is still 90% for next year. Is that still what you're headed toward?
Conor Flynn: That's correct.
Rich Moore: Okay and in getting to that, is it really just a matter of demand by, demand for new store opening and how hard you guys work or is it also partly getting some of these redevelopments done, maybe adding some anchors to some centers that kind of thing to, you can get that kind of push?
Conor Flynn: I think it's a combination of both. I think our leasing team is really focused on the small shops because we all know that, that's really what we have left to push in terms of our same-store NOI growth. So we have changed some incentives around to make sure that, before we might have been more heavily weighted and incentives towards leasing bigger boxes, we're now shifting that towards the smaller shops. And we're also looking at, you know our redevelopments when we take down portions of shopping centers. Typically it's the junior anchors that are stepping up and paying the rents, to get the space. So they are, it's a combination of both and yes, we're still doing close to 150 small shop deals a quarter. We don't see that slowing down, it's about 50-50 split between regional and national small shop tenants the mom and pop tenants and it's a lot of service based users that we think are sticky the ones that will stay in our shopping centers for the long haul and that's where we see significant annual increase as well coming from the small shops.
Dave Henry: From a 50,000 foot level, Rich. We've talked about this before but the whole environment for small shops and small businesses is starting to improve. Finally, the community banks are lending again and your local jewellery store, your local dry cleaners, they're looking to expand again. So the bigger national retailers recovered first coming out of the great recession, if you will and now small businesses beginning to find its legs and so we benefit across the sector from that as well.
Rich Moore: Okay, thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley
Haendel St. Juste: Question on the JVs. Obviously you've done a lot of effort to your last 1 year or 2 year simplifying the platforms. Three big JVs last year, it looks like Prudential, Care and RioCan which maybe you're starting to address here in Canada already, but question is, what's the status of your conversations with those partners. Looks like the Pru JV had a lot of debt maturities in 2016, wondering if that could be a catalyst to buying in some of that JV?
Dave Henry: Yes, Pru has made it pretty clear that they're not interested in disposing of their interest in most of the properties we have together with them. They have a lot of money to put to work, they're not interested in monetizing at this point in time and in fact, they've been very cooperative in terms of paying off debt on some of the properties, that we have together because they'd like in act to put out more money, so some of the properties are scheduled become unencumbered. That said, they've also agreed to our concept where we truly have secondary assets in tertiary markets that those should be put on the market and they've cooperated with us in selling those to third parties. But in terms of buying out, their interest in certain properties it's probably not going to happen in the near future. RioCan, we have talked about and I think you'll see that joint venture be reduced over time as we began to identify certain assets that we both think should be sold, as well as certain assets, where they have plans to convert more to a mixed use or redevelop and those might be opportunities for us to reduce the size of our joint venture. That said, they've been a wonderful partner all the way long. In terms of Care, we've had some discussions but at this point they're inconclusive and as you probably know New York Common is going through a change of leadership in real estate side, so it will be a while before they really settle out on their long-term strategy I believe.
Conor Flynn: But they've also been very cooperative and agreeable about selling assets that we don't fit in that Tier 1 category.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciated the color, a follow-up, if I may? On redev, I think Conor you mentioned earlier, pipeline today $1.1 billion. I'm curious as to how big the correct opportunity the redev opportunity within your current portfolio is today, ball park? How large you'd be comfortable growing the redev pipeline either in total dollars or as a percentage of JV?
Conor Flynn: Well, $1.1 billion is a gross value that includes the JV properties. So we've gone pretty deep in each and every asset to see what we can do in terms of unlocking value. Our redevelopment definition is very simple. It's changing the square footage, changing the footprint of the asset. So adding density is one that where we're laser focused on trying to add more to the pipeline. We continue to try and see what we can add to it, but it really is typically based off of opportunities that come as we go through the year. So with lease maturities, if tenants for example going after size options all of a sudden that triggers redevelopment opportunity that we didn't necessarily think was actionable. So one just recently happened and we're adding it to the redevelopment pipeline in addition to potentially looking for more of a mixed use, approach to it as well as looking at other opportunities that we have yet to really to the redevelopment pipeline. So that's how we look at it.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciated.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Lucas with Capital One Securities
Christopher Lucas: Kind of follow-up on the last question. Conor, you did talk about the ways of growing the redevelopment program beyond the $1.1 billion and I guess given the success you had so far, I was just wondering if one of the ways you can grow that is to literally just change how you're thinking about the underwriting given, again the success you've had so far?
Conor Flynn: Well it's a good point, I mean rents are definitely moving up. So the returns that come along with those higher rents definitely justify more projects and we're looking at that. In addition to adding potentially some mixed use opportunities that we have yet to really add. So we're trying to dive through the portfolio and also looking at new acquisitions that have redevelopment potential. So some of the ones we've been looking at, I think now have to have redevelopment component for us to really get excited about. So you're right on there that, as we look at returns. We might start to look at other opportunities as rents have moved up, now it start to make more sense.
Christopher Lucas: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from George Auerbach with Credit Suisse
George Auerbach: Great, thanks. Just quickly on the sales in Canada and the Albertsons stake overtime. Is there any way to shield or manage through the taxable gains in those investments? Or do you just sort of pay the taxes and move on and that's it?
Dave Henry: Well actually, we do have some room in terms of handling. In Canada, so there's two components to the tax, there is a Canadian tax that has to get paid on the gains. So you do have an actual cash tax that occurs in Canada and then there's the remaining piece that will flow back into our US entity. So it's all the matter of how we shield that, now we have done a lot of analysis about doing cost EC studies and other things like that repair regs analysis that give us a lot more depreciation expense from a tax standpoint to help manage it. In addition, we have been doing a lot more 1031 exchanges on the assets that we sold in the US. So although, we've been reporting a lot of gains in US from a taxable standpoint, they're actually being deferred. So we have a pretty sizable bucket to be able to deal with the gains that will come.
George Auerbach: Great, thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Chad and to everybody that participated in our call today. As a reminder, additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental that is posted on our website. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee Glenn Gary Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Conor C. Flynn - President and Chief Operating Officer Milton Cooper - Co-Founder, Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee Raymond Edwards - Vice President of Retailer Services Ross Cooper - Chief Investment Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Samir Khanal - Evercore ISI, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division James Bambrick - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Kimco's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead, sir.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Frank. Thank you, all, for joining Kimco's first quarter 2015 earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, Chief Executive Officer; Conor Flynn, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Glenn Cohen, CFO; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Before we begin, I want to mention that Kimco plans to host an Investor Day on December 10 of this year in New York City. We will be sending a save-the-date notice out shortly with more details, but wanted to make everyone on this call aware of it so you can mark it on your calendar. Thank you. And with that, I will turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning, and thank you for joining our call today. We are very pleased to report strong first quarter financial results and operating metrics. Glenn and Conor will cover the specific details, but the solid fundamentals of our portfolio continued to drive excellent FFO earnings growth and same-site NOI increases. Small shop occupancy improvements are particularly encouraging as the economy continues to recover. While recent retail sales growth has been modest, national retailers are still committed to robust expansion plans, all in the face of a declining inventory of retail space. Discounters and service-oriented tenants, such as theaters, health clubs and restaurants, continue to expand rapidly, helping to increase effective rents and occupancy in our portfolio and across the open air shopping center sector. Lower gas prices are also expected to give a boost to consumer spending and in a good sign for shopping centers. Rich Moore of RBC continues to point to 5-year high levels of planned new store openings, while Craig Schmidt of BofA Merrill notes a recovery of retailers focusing on the middle class. The renewed strength of middle-class purchasing power is expected to disproportionately benefit neighborhood and community shopping centers anchored by conventional grocery stores, casual and fast-casual dining and discount anchors such as Walmart, Target and Kohl's. Overall, we feel terrific going into 2015 as new supply remains muted despite population growth, growing household formation and the slow but steady growth of the U.S. economy. With respect to our overall strategy, we've essentially completed our exit from Latin America, with pending deals on our last shopping center in Mexico and various land parcels. We also continue to take advantage of a strong market for shopping centers, even in secondary markets, by selling both our second tier assets as well as those located outside our long-term growth markets. Our U.S. property dispositions, in total, are on track, with all of the identified assets largely sold or targeted to be under contract by year-end, this potential. In general, sales proceeds from our dispositions are being recycled into our large pipeline of redevelopment projects, selective new developments and purchases of our institutional partners' ownership interest in existing Kimco assets. We believe these activities in general are excellent accretive investments and superior to the acquisition auctions of high-quality stabilized shopping centers owned by third parties. Our recent Blackstone purchase, for example, allowed us to fully consolidate 39 high-quality properties we have managed and leased for approximately 10 years. We know these assets and we know these markets very well, and we are excited about their long-term growth potential. We have also increased our efforts to purchase out parcels or retail properties adjacent to or within existing high-quality properties we already own. These acquisitions are usually very accretive and increase our scale and leasing leverage in some of our very best properties. Looking at our Canadian operations. Our occupancy remains strong at approximately 96%, and our Target exposure is fully covered by parent company guarantees on all 9 of our Target Canada leases. Interest from other retailers is growing, and we believe at least 8 of our 9 Target stores will find new anchors this year. Also, as noted in prior statements, we have begun to selectively sell certain Canadian properties where we can benefit from historic low cap rates and high institutional demand. RioCan, our largest Canadian partner, has purchased our 50% interest in 3 of our RioKim joint venture properties, comprising 545,000 square feet while concurrently selling us their 80% interest in a premium joint venture property we originally developed and currently manage in Dallas-Fort Worth. Our RioCan venture is also selling 2 large properties in Québec in areas where we believe growth will be constrained. On a separate topic, we continue to be pleased with both our SUPERVALU and Safeway investments. SUPERVALU reported excellent quarterly results, and we took the opportunity last week to partially monetize our SUPERVALU stock at a large gain. In addition, the Safeway Albertson's integration is proceeding well under Bob Miller's direction. While the Safeway investment headlines are Plus business, it is important to note that over the years, we have completed many smaller transactions within the Plus business, which have led to either individual property sale-leasebacks or acquisitions of retailer-owned real estate. Generally, these investments have been off-market, a direct result of our relationship with retailers, their advisory firms and private equity contacts. As a final comment, Glen and our treasury team continue to do a wonderful job in the capital markets. Our first ever 30-year unsecured bond was a particularly noteworthy achievement and helped stagger our debt maturities while taking advantage of today's low interest rates. Now I'd like to turn it to Glenn, Conor and Milton for their comments.
Glenn Gary Cohen: Thanks, David, and good morning. 2015 is off to a strong start. Our solid first quarter results are the product of strong execution on all fronts, including leasing, acquisitions, dispositions, redevelopments and capital raising. As we reported last night, headline FFO per share, which represents the official NAREIT definition, was $0.37, up from $0.34 last year, an 8.8% increase and $0.02 higher than first call consensus. The improved performances is attributable to higher NOI contribution from the operating portfolio, lower G&A expenses and higher transactional income from our investment in Albertsons, which contributed $6.5 million or $0.015 per share growth year-over-year. FFO as adjusted or recurring FFO, which excludes nonoperating impairments and transactional income and expense, was $0.36 per diluted share for the first quarter, up from $0.34 last year, a 5.9% increase. This level of per share growth was achieved even after a $0.055 per share diluted impact from the significant transformational portfolio, including the substantial liquidation of our share of assets in Mexico totaling $480 million, nonstrategic U.S. asset sales of $850 million and the impact from currency fluctuations. The diluted impact was more than offset by the purchase of 5 quality assets totaling $2.1 billion over the past year, many from our joint venture programs including the Kimstone acquisition during the first quarter, and by our reduced debt cost from refinancing higher coupon debt. Our portfolio operating team kicked off the year with solid results, delivering U.S. same-site NOI growth of 3.2% and combined same-site NOI growth, which includes Canada, of 3%, before the negative 100 basis point impact on currency. The same-site NOI growth was achieved primarily from top line revenue growth generated from increased occupancy, which is 95.7% for both the U.S. and the combined portfolios. Leasing spreads were strong with a 19.1% increase on new leases signed and 8.1% for renewals and options, bringing combined leasing expense to 10.1% for the first quarter. We were very active on the capital raising front. During the quarter, we sourced a new $650 million term loan with a final maturity in 2020 priced at LIBOR plus 95 basis points. We used the proceeds to repay a $400 million term loan, which was priced at LIBOR plus 105 and to partially fund the Kimstone purchase. In addition, we issued a $350 million 30-year bond and a coupon of 4.25% yielding 4.31%, including the lowest 30-year coupon in the REIT industry and extending our weighted average maturity profile by 2 years. As a result of the significant acquisition volume in the first quarter, our net debt to recurring EBITDA is 6.6x and 6.4x when you pro forma for the full quarter EBITDA from the Kimstone acquisition, which was closed in February. We expect to bring net debt to recurring EBITDA back to 6x by the end of the year, consistent with our stated objective of operating in a 5.5x to 6x range. Our liquidity position is in excellent shape, ending the quarter with over $1.6 billion available on our revolving credit facility and as another source of low-cost capital. Based on our strong first quarter results and expectations for the balance of the year, we are raising our headline FFO per share guidance range to $1.50 to $1.55 from the previous range of $1.45 to $1.53. The headline FFO guidance range includes $32.4 million or $0.08 per share gain from the partial monetization of our SUPERVALU investment, which was completed during the second quarter. We are also increasing our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range to $1.42 to $1.45 from the initial range of $1.40 to $1.44. We are reaffirming our operating guidance assumptions for occupancy of 25 to 50 basis points and U.S. same-site NOI growth of 3% to 3.5%, as well as our acquisition and disposition targets. Keep in mind the guidance range is sensitive to timing of acquisitions, dispositions and financing initiatives. And with that, I'll turn it over to Conor.
Conor C. Flynn: Thanks Glenn, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will start by recapping our progress on acquisitions and dispositions, followed by updates on our development and redevelopment pipeline and finishing with a quick recap of the operating metrics. Overall, we had a good start to the year and are pleased with the team effort that showcases how Kimco continues to execute on all fronts. The evolution of the open-air shopping center gives our talented team a tremendous opportunity to enhance net asset value. We continue to execute on our transformation and simplification strategy with the previously announced closing of the Kimstone transaction. At the time of closing, the cap rate on the portfolio was approximately 6% and it has since performed above our own internal expectations. In addition, we acquired a Sprouts-anchored center in Houston, also at a 6 cap, which gives us control of 3 corners at the dominant intersection of Highway 6 and Spencer Road. We also acquired 4 adjacent parcels to our Tier 1 portfolio as we look to expand our footprint, where we see the opportunity for future redevelopment. The acquisitions market remains red-hot and we remain disciplined. We continue to be selective about targets and are focused on unlocking opportunities at strategic locations within our core markets. The disposition market does not shown any signs of slowing down, with cap rates continuing to compress for dominant secondary market assets. The definition of core appears to be shifting with numerous buyers willing to step out on the risk spectrum for a slightly higher yield. We sold 6 shopping centers this quarter at an average implied cap rate of 7.25% in addition to 37 triple net assets for a $10 million gain. We plan to have the final phase of our disposition program complete by the end of the year, and then we'll take a fresh look annually on how to continue to improve the portfolio by selling our lowest tranche and mass funding those proceeds into our redevelopment and development activities. In the first quarter, we completed 12 redevelopment projects at a cost of $35 million, giving us a return on investment of 11.7%, which was 114 basis points higher than our original estimates. Notable completions this quarter include: the Whole Foods at Pompano Beach; the 2-level Publix at our Miller Road asset, Miami; and the opening of Nordstrom Rack at Redfield Promenade. The redevelopment pipeline is focused on the emerging trend of a adding traditional and specialty grocers to our Tier 1 power centers. This quarter, we completed and have under construction 12 grocery stores, including 2 Whole Foods, 2 Publix, 2 Safeways, 2 Fresh Thyme Farmers Markets, a Stew Leonard's, a Harris Teeter, a Lucky, and a Trader Joe's. These projects now bring our total percent of ABR from a grocery-anchored center to 71.2%, up from 65.8% last quarter. We believe this is the sweet spot for our redevelopments as we identify and incentivize our team to execute on creating a grocery opportunity that boosts daily traffic and surrounding retailer sales, and ultimately improves NAV. We have made great strides with this initiatives as a unique way for Kimco to create significant value and have improved from 56.3% in 2010 to over 70% today. In addition, this quarter, we broke ground on the mixed-use redevelopment in Columbia, Maryland, where we ground leased a portion of the grocery-anchored asset to an apartment developer, who is now under construction, adding 230 units to complement our retail at Wild Lake. Currently, we have a total of $289 million in active redevelopment projects, with another $659 million in the design and entitlement phase and $117 million that is currently under review. For the quarter, redevelopment added 70 basis points to our same-site NOI. Moving to development. Our development pipeline remains on track and each development is a special case where we feel the team has sourced an opportunity to either expand upon a successful asset or add an additional Tier 1 asset in our core markets. Whole Foods at Wynnewood is under construction and on schedule for a mid-2016 opening. The 3 other development projects are in the early stages of securing entitlements, and we will soon be announcing major anchor signings. The Dania Beach project sits along I-95 and adjacent to the Fort Lauderdale airport and our successful Oakwood shopping center. The Christiana, Delaware project also sits along I-95 and is adjacent to GGP's Christiana Mall. And finally, our Grand Parkway project sits along the new Grand Parkway in close proximity to the new Exxon Mobil campus in the Woodlands area of Houston. The lack of supply and strong retailer demand has given us confidence that we will be able to achieve a risk-adjusted return on each of these projects between 200 to 300 basis points above exit cap rates, and provide the company with long-term hold assets and help boost internal growth in major gateway cities. I am very proud of our leasing team and their achievements for the first quarter, historically the most challenging quarter from an occupancy perspective. For the first time in 5 years, we were able to maintain our U.S. pro rata occupancy from prior quarter. This is no small feat on a portfolio of our size, and the credit goes to all those hardworking deal makers. The small shop occupancy drove the performance with an increase in pro rata occupancy to 88.2%, a 20 basis point increase from prior quarter, a 260 basis point increase over prior year first quarter. We achieved this in spite of RadioShack's bankruptcy filing, which had a negative 20 basis point drag on our small shop occupancy. Our combined leasing spreads were over 10% this quarter, an improvement over the prior year, and were boosted by new deals with Whole Foods, Publix and our first Stew Leonard's. We welcome Stew Leonard's to anchor our Airport Plaza in Farmingdale, Long Island. Stew Leonard's, who is also known as the Disneyland of dairy stores, will be the only Stew Leonard's on all of Long Island and create a one-of-a-kind signature asset. In closing, we continue to see improving fundamentals across the major metro markets in the U.S. and believe the slow recovery will soon take hold of the middle class that will provide a further boost to our retailer sales. The U.S. same-site NOI improved 3.2% due to the positive boost of net absorption, redevelopment and less-than-anticipated tenant fallout. The ABR of the portfolio is up 6.2% year-over-year, an increase from $13.18 to $14. Our new leases are being signed at $17.35, 24% above our current average base rent, showcasing the significant embedded value and the mark-to-market opportunity we have here at Kimco. We remain focused on improving net asset value through aggressive early terminations, dynamic redevelopments, adding grocery components, diligent small shop leasing and adding density to unlock value. We are ahead of our internal plan for the year, thanks to our talented team and strengthened portfolio. But as you have heard us say many times, there's more work to do. And with that, I'll turn it over to Milton for his final comments.
Milton Cooper: Well, thank you, Conor. Great properties, great people and a great future. That's what I think about when I think of Kimco. Since the announcement of our transformation strategy at our 2010 Investment Day, we have bought and sold over $5 billion for properties. Think about that for a moment. Not only is that a staggering figure in and of itself, it is a size that represents an equity market cap that is larger than many of our peers, but it's also reflective of the transformation of our portfolio. The result? Our portfolio is now better located, of higher quality, more resilient and offers tremendous growth opportunities for redevelopment. A transformation, however, is not limited to our portfolio. It extends to our management team as well. And this is what I'm most enthused about. Our transformed management team led by our future CEO, Conor Flynn, is a unique blend of energy, talent and experience. With our new Chief Investment Officer, Ross Cooper; and our new Executive Vice President of Asset Management, David Jamieson, who joins Conor, Glenn, Ray Edwards, and our spectacular and pragmatic General Counsel, Bruce Rubenstein, I believe we have several -- an executive dream team at Kimco. But that's not all. I've often trumpeted our deep bench strength at Kimco. And that phrase sometimes connotes a backup team and nothing could be further from reality. At our headquarters and in our regions, we have many talented leaders, who are moving Kimco forward every day. These include Will Teichman, our senior Director of Strategic Operations; Chris Freeman, our Vice President of Property Management; and Tom Taddeo, our Chief Investment Officer, and there are many others. And I've watched these talented individuals grow over the years, and I'm even more excited to see what they will accomplish in the years to come. And now we'd be delighted to answer any questions.
David F. Bujnicki: We're ready to move to the question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator Instructions]. Frank, you may take our first caller.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christy McElroy from Citi.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Conor, I'm wondering if you could provide your thoughts around Whole Foods, new concepts of lower priced stores aimed at millennials. It sounds like they've already started negotiating some leases for the new stores. If you're able to provide any color on whether or not you had discussions with them and what size and type of locations they're targeting? And also, is this a game changer potential here? Or are they up against some pretty steep competition to that demographic?
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, it's a good question, Christy. We have an open dialogue with Whole Foods. As you've heard in my remarks, we have a number of deals pending with them in different forms of construction. So we do think that it's going to be an added benefit to our portfolio, especially when you look at the size that they're considering because many times when we try and add a grocery component to one of our assets, the size of the box sometimes restricts what kind of retailers we can add. So I think their price point going after the millennials, trying to probably be a little bit more competitive with some of the new specialty grocery concepts that have done so well in the recent years. I think that's their strategy, and I think it's a good one because I think that they have, for a long time, been the highest price point in terms of the grocery sector. And I think if they launched a competitive line of millennial-targeted grocery stores, I think it will fit nicely within our portfolio and others.
Operator: Next question comes from Samir Khanal from Evercore.
Samir Khanal - Evercore ISI, Research Division: As you mentioned in your opening remarks that the debt to EBITDA number had ticked up in the quarter, which seems to be because of Kimstone. Just trying to -- can you expand on that? And just kind of remind us how that leverage sort of goes back down based on kind of the options you have available? I mean, there is the ATM. I don't think that was utilized. Maybe it's equity raise or even possible asset sales. Just trying to get a sense of how you kind of prioritized these options as you kind of work the leverage down?
Glenn Gary Cohen: Sure, Samir. Well, obviously, the leverage is up due to the Kimstone portfolio. We brought on balance sheet roughly $1.1 billion of debt, and it is our goal to bring it back down to the 6x level. As I mentioned, it's 6.4x today when you really pro forma in the full amount of the EBITDA, right? We closed in the beginning of February, so you're missing a full month of EBITDA. So you have to really start at that 6.4x. And then we have multiple options and levers to pull. Selling the SUPERVALU stock is one piece to it, which happened in the second quarter, so that will help bring down leverage. That's an asset sitting on our books that had no EBITDA, so the cash will go to reduce debt there. We have the balance of our sales that we're working through as well. And we do have our ATM program in place, which, at the right time, we'll be able to use, and we've modeled that into our forecast. So we feel comfortable that we'll get it down one way or another to 6x by the end of the year.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Schmidt from Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm wondering as you head into Las Vegas, I can see ICSC convention. What are your top priorities? What do you really want to get accomplished with this convention?
Conor C. Flynn: The ICSC in Vegas is really -- it's a time and a place to go through the portfolio, but also think strategically with our retail partners. We've obviously upgraded our portfolio. We're adding a lot of redevelopment projects in the out years as well as some development projects. So I'd like to think of it as a way to look at the out years, to try and see what we can do strategically together and where our retailers are expanding and what they're looking for from the landlord today. I think the landlord's perspective has changed in terms of what we want to try and offer at the shopping center. And we want to see what the retailers are looking for as well in terms of what we can do to be a more proactive landlord. So hearing from them, obviously putting -- getting together with some of our largest partners is always a benefit and seeing what they believe is in store for the year ahead and years ahead.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And -- are the retailers pushing to you for new developments to open stores in?
Conor C. Flynn: Absolutely. They have some pretty significant store counts that they need to fill, and they are looking at all of our ground-up developments as well as our redevelopment. So they're very aggressive in trying to get into the high-quality shopping centers. And the supply and demand is definitely in the landlord's favor, and we're utilizing that to the best of our ability and making sure that we have the right portfolio to grow with our retailers.
Operator: Next question comes from Jim Sullivan from Cowen Group.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Recently, we have seen that Sears has been very active with mall owners to reposition its mall-based Sears locations. I know your Kmart exposure declined in the first quarter. But just curious if they have been more receptive and active to the same strategy with respect to the Kmart locations in your portfolio?
Raymond Edwards: This is Ray Edwards. First off, you should appreciate that the mall locations, Sears owns those properties. And for the mall owners to joint venture with them for the redevelopment is very important. Kimco has lease positions with Kmart. We have a number of locations that have no term remaining for the next 2 to 3 years that we'll be getting back. So we're focused on those, and we are working with them on some other locations, but we have a lot more flexibility with Kmart. They're all leased positions. We're working with them. They don't have control of the spaces for a tremendous amount of time, and we are working with them. We have done deals with Kmart and Sears in the past. And particularly, we closed last year on Christiana, which was a property that they owned, that was a product service center for them. And we worked with them for 5 years to get that site redeveloped. And then upon getting the site rezoned, we were able to acquire the property and develop it on our own. So we have a good relationship with them, and we'll work strategically where it makes sense.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, regarding the comments Conor made regarding the power center redevelopment strategy. Just curious whether you found that grocer-anchored power centers kind of consistently sell at lower cap rates than [indiscernible] when you estimate that, that can result in?
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, it definitely compresses the cap rate when you can add the grocery component into a power center. It's probably between 50 to 150 basis points depending on the location and who the surrounding retailers are. But not just from a cap rate compression standpoint, it's a great thing to boost surrounding retailer sales because the traffic flow is dramatically increased when you have that grocery component. And originally, we thought that this new strategy was only going to be dedicated toward the specialty grocer sector. But what's been a huge boost for us is now the traditional grocers are trying to take advantage of this as well, and it might have something to do with the supply and demand factor where boxes are just not readily available. So when we can put together spaces for these grocery concepts, it's fantastic for us.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, then finally for me. In the past, merchant developers have been a major source of acquisition opportunities in the industry, but development starts have remained relatively low this cycle. I'm just curious, and again, in anticipation of ICSC, I'm just curious whether you're seeing any evidence of any material increase in terms of merchant development starts?
David B. Henry: No, we really haven't. We think it's going to remain muted for quite a while. The few developments you are seeing are generally smaller and generally food anchors. So those large 800,000 to 1 million square-foot large scale spec developments of years ago, they just haven't come back yet. So the total supply in terms of new supply, we expect to remain very, very low for a while. Remember, we're still in a recovery mode in terms of rents getting back to previous high levels. So the economics are still tough for developers to make a lot of sense for a lot of [indiscernible].
Conor C. Flynn: And multi-family developers are really driving up prices in terms of land. So we really -- when you do a retail development versus a multifamily development, it's really hard to make the numbers pencil.
Operator: Next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Glenn, I guess one for you, a question on the guidance. In the guidance detail on the back of your supp, we see that the full-year portfolio contribution is up a bit in the forecast for this year versus what you were forecasting last quarter. Despite you leaving these same-store NOI outlook unchanged. So is that reflective of dispositions, perhaps, occurring later in the year than expected? Or maybe you're taking a wait-and-see approach for your same-store NOI guidance and maybe you'll wait until next quarter before revising it upward?
Glenn Gary Cohen: Well, again, it's up. It's up modestly, right? If you look at where it is, it's only a few million dollars up. So it doesn't move the same-site NOI needle all that much. And part of it is a little better performance really coming from this Kimstone portfolio, which is not in the same-site NOI number. But overall, the portfolio is performing better. So it is early in the year, though. But we feel comfortable with our guidance range.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then a question on the impact for the first quarter of snow. I'm just curious on how much that might have taken a bite out of your NOI in the first quarter?
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, we actually saw the snow have a 15 to 20 basis point impact on our same-site NOI numbers this quarter.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I saw that you're marketing the centers in the big portfolio out on the West Coast, and I was wondering if that was a JV you guys expected to exit outright? Or if that's just part of a -- I'll call it a price discovery process, maybe under a right of first refusal?
Conor C. Flynn: It's part of our simplification strategy, that is a JV that back last year, if you remember, we split the portfolio into 2, and this was the remainder of that portfolio. We are in the market with that portfolio, and we'll see what the pricing comes in at. But it's a portfolio that has some good locations, but also is mixed. So we're marketing it as a portfolio to see what kind of price discovery we can find.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just a follow-up on the TIs on new leases, excluding redevelopment assets, has been running kind of in the $20 a square foot range the last few quarters. I think Kimco used to pride itself on really its lack of TI contribution in prior years. Is that just, I guess, what's necessitated in this environment? Or is that really a function of your shift to sort of a higher quality type of property that's maybe driving increased TI contribution?
Conor C. Flynn: I think it's a little of both. Historically, we have been running as the low cost provider and many of our assets, I think, require some upgrading. So you're seeing that in terms of when we reposition an asset with a new anchor, we want to make sure that we bring the asset up to a competitive level. So we are investing quite a bit in terms of redevelopments as well as some property upgrades to help curb appeal, and the TIs have ticked up a little bit, but I think that's part of our strategy going forward.
Operator: Next question comes from Jason White from Green Street Advisors.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on size. It looks like obviously guys are the biggest in the group. But as you look at some other sectors, there's kind of behemoths in their group. So is there a benefit to even larger scale in the shopping center peer group? Or is size, once you get to your level, kind of irrelevant?
David B. Henry: Well, we think we have 2 benefits. One is the total size and the number of properties we have, but also being national in scale. That helps us with retailers. We're at the top of their list in terms of landlords they want to sit down and talk to and review their expansion plans and their desire to meet their store count. So it does give us a little bit of an edge having so many properties and having so many relationships with these different retailers. It also helps from the cost standpoint on our side. We're more productive and there's more efficiencies in our back office when you spread our cost over so many properties and so many different leases.
Conor C. Flynn: I would just add that I think size makes a difference when you have a controlling interest in specific submarkets. So as you can see when you look at our map, we're trying to get a lot more concentrated around the major gateway markets because we believe that there is significant pricing power when you can control significant submarkets, and that's what we're trying to get to. I don't think that the size necessarily matters in our sector because of the amount of strip centers that are in the population. But if you can concentrate your ownership around corridors, retail corridors that are very successful, then you can use us to your advantage.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: So if Kimco was to, say, double in size, you don't think there's much incremental benefit to the extra square footage added?
Conor C. Flynn: It really depends on where those -- when you double in size, where those assets are. If you own the 3 or 4 corners in the best market, absolutely, then you can definitely use that to your advantage as leases roll and you can see how to upgrade the tenants and push rents. But again, and maybe, it'll add significant redevelopment opportunities when you do control a lot more real estate. But it really is, I think, market specific and what you want to try and capture there, is where the growth is coming from.
Operator: Next question comes from James Bambrick from RBC Capital Markets.
James Bambrick - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Regarding the 37 net leased properties you sold in the quarter, were those the same net leased assets you acquired a couple of years ago? And also does that eliminate your net lease exposure? Or do you have a bit more that you're looking to sell?
David B. Henry: These R&D part of the portfolio, a large portfolio of net leased restaurants we did acquire a couple of years ago that was fairly public. So far, we've sold 42 of those net leased restaurants. Original cost was about $58 million, we've sold them for $70 million. So there were some nice gains in that. We have 29 more to go, 20 of them are under agreement to sell, so we are liquidating those net leased restaurants. But you shouldn't confuse these net leased restaurants with our net leases that we have lots of different net leases with different types of tenants. We just think it's a great time to sell these net leased restaurants and some of these are in secondary markets and the 1031 market in particular is very aggressive right now.
Operator: Next question comes from Nathan Isbee from Stifel.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Some recent press reports have the Safeway consortium preparing to tee it up for an IPO. Can you discuss what you've accomplished there so far and how close you are to an event?
Raymond Edwards: Again, this is Ray Edwards. With regard -- the Safeway transaction [indiscernible] closed in the end of January this year. And the one thing that is public, that is out there, is that we did come to agreement with SUPERVALU regarding the transitional service agreement and the wind down of our dependency on them, so we can be a standalone company. So that's what we're really focused on. Bob Miller and his team are working on merging a 20-store [ph] chain right now and focused really on getting that done. We're very happy with its performance to date. As to what our exit strategy is? Obviously, you think about that every day, but it's really too early to tell where we're going to be and how it's going to end up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Jim Sullivan from Cowen Group.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Sure. Just a quick follow-up question here. Conor, you had mentioned about the acquisition market for secondary markets particularly being red-hot. And I'm just curious -- obviously, it's been a strong appetite across the quality spectrum, but I'm just curious, in your view, if you think that the cap rate -- we're seeing cap rate compression between primary and secondary markets or whether the spread remains where it was, say, about a year ago?
Ross Cooper: This is Ross Cooper. I would say that there is a little bit of compression certainly between the secondary markets and the primary. But at the same time, you're also seeing the primary markets continue to go further lower, as Milton has indicated in prior quarters that he expects. So there is a little bit of compression certainly, but we're also seeing the A quality in primary markets come down a little bit as well. So it's a good time to be a seller in those secondary markets, but it's also a pretty challenging market to be buying in the A and primary markets as well.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I know that can be difficult to assess exactly why this might be happening, but do you see more buyers out there for the secondary markets now than they did a year ago? And there was reference to the yield-driven acquisition strategy. But does there just seem to be more funds teed up who want entry into that product type?
Ross Cooper: Yes, I would absolutely say that's accurate. On our disposition when we're in the market, we're seeing significantly more bidders and all different types of bidders, both private institutions, bidding on properties that a couple of years ago may not have had the same response. So we're very excited about where we are on our exit strategy for the secondary market assets and expect that to continue through the end of the year.
David B. Henry: It may be worth adding that the growing CMBS ability of obtaining financing is helping for the secondary market acquisitions. CMBS is back and financing is available for the secondary assets now.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Frank, and to everybody that participated on our call today. As a reminder, additional information for the company can be found on our supplemental as posted on our website. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki - VP, IR Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman Conor Flynn - President, COO, CIO Dave Henry - Vice Chairman, CEO Glenn Cohen - CFO, EVP, Treasurer
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Citi Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Samir Khanal - Evercore ISI Paul Morgan - MLV George Auerbach - Credit Suisse Jason White - Green Street Advisors Jeremy Metz - UBS Ryan Peterson - Sandler O'Neill Nathan Isbee - Stifel Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Jim Sullivan - The Cowen Group Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets Linda Tsai - Barclays Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Chris Lucas - Capital One Securities Michael Bilerman - Citi Mike Mueller - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corp., Fourth Quarter 2014 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Thanks Dan. Thank you all for joining Kimco's fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, CEO; Conor Flynn, President and Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, our CFO as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that may differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our Web site. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Henry.
Dave Henry: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We are very happy to top-off a great year with solid fourth quarter financial results and operating metrics. Our strong portfolio of fundamentals were led by same-site NOI growth exceeding 4% for the second straight quarter and reaching our highest portfolio occupancies since early 2008. Small shop occupancy also showed a sharp increase as local stores and small national retailers recover from the recession and proceed with their expansion plans. While retailers in general achieved mixed results in 2014, discounters and service-oriented tenants such as health clubs and restaurants continue their aggressive growth in the phase of a shrinking inventory of retail space. As a result, effective rents are climbing in our portfolio and across the entire open air shopping center sector. Lower gas prices, accelerating household formation and continued limited development activity all bode well for the shopping center industry fundamentals in 2015. The omni-channel sales approach is increasingly being embraced by national retailers with e-commerce success depending on brick and mortar stores providing market presence, product showrooms and fulfillment capabilities. Amazon and many other Internet retailers will indeed be leasing retail space in the coming years. Glenn and Conor will cover many of the financial and operating specifics in their comments today. But, I would like to highlight several prominent successes. First, we have now essentially completed our exit from Latin America with favorable cap rates somewhat offset by declining currency exchange rates. Second, after lengthy negotiations we reached agreement and on Monday closed and acquired the remaining 2/3rds ownership of the Kimco Blackstone portfolio of 39 high-quality retail properties. And finally, early last week Kimco together with its consortium partners led by Cerberus completed the acquisition and merger and of Safeway with Albertsons and various other prominent grocers including Shaw's, Jewel, ACME and United Supermarkets comprising more than 2,200 stores. Kimco will hold slightly less than 10% of the merged operating companies and related real estate approximately 50% of which is owned real-estate. As outlined in our earnings release, we have also substantially upgraded our U.S. portfolio with disposition of 91 shopping centers in 2014, while also acquiring 60 high-quality properties during the same period. While our recycling and upgrading strategy is not unique the scale of our actions in 2014 exceeded our peers and the resulting improved demographics and rent metrics of our portfolio are substantial noteworthy and promised to deliver excellent future growth. Looking at our Canadian operations and responding to related inquiries, our occupancy remains very strong at 96% and we are fortunate to have the full guarantee of Targets U.S. parent for all nine of our Targets stores in Canada. Canadian Tire, Cosco, Wal-mart, Home Depot and Metro Grocery stores have all expressed interest in some of our target locations. And it is quite possible that we will end up with stronger tenants and a significant financial settlement from Target USA. Separately, while the lower Canadian dollar does impact property level NOI, we estimate $0.02 for 2015 at current levels. Our initial investment in Canada remains hedged through Canadian dollar mortgages on the individual properties and our Canadian dollar denominated bonds. In addition, our local operating partners continue to do an excellent job leasing and managing the properties. Property values and prices also remain at historic high levels in Canada due to strong demand from pension funds and other institutional investors. During the quarter as Glenn will note we monetized one more Canadian preferred equity investment at a substantial gain. Overall and moving forward across our entire portfolio, it is clear that our emphasis will be on investing capital in our own properties through redevelopment and expansions complemented with several selective new ground-up projects. Conor will discuss in detail these plans, but we are pleased with our progress in growing this pipeline and the associated accretive economics. The third-party acquisition market for high-quality properties is heated and very competitive. As a result wherever possible we continue to purchase the equity interest of our institutional partners when they choose to monetize their investments. In these situations, we have a distinct advantage due to our knowledge and long-term management of the assets coupled with a potential savings in terms of transfer taxes, brokerage fees and mortgage assumption costs. Given the portfolio upgrade, we have completed to-date an improving industry fundamentals. We feel very positive about 2015. Now, I would like to turn to Glenn and Conor with Milton batting clean-up as usual.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Dave and good morning. Our theme from our December 2013 Investor Day was TSR Plus, transformation, simplification, redevelopment and activities from our Plus business. We have successfully executed all these initiatives throughout the year and we are proud that our TSR Plus strategy delivered a TSR, total shareholder return of 32.4% for 2014. Now some to details on our fourth quarter and full year results and some additional color on our 2015 guidance range. As we reported last night, headline FFO per diluted share, which represents the official NAREIT definition was $0.38 in the fourth quarter which includes the $0.03 per share of transactional income related to the monetization of several preferred equity interest in the U.S. and Canada. For the full year headline FFO per diluted share was $1.45, a 7.4% increase as compared to a $1.35 per share for 2013. Our FFO was adjusted, our recurring FFO which excludes non-operating impairment and transactional income and expense was $0.35 per diluted share for the fourth quarter a 6.1% increase compared to last year and brings a full year to $1.40 per share a 5.3% increase over the 2013 level of $1.33 per share and achieving the high-end of our guidance range. It's important to note that we accomplished this despite the $0.05 per share dilutive impact of disposing of higher cap rate assets including a substantial portion of our assets in Mexico and many non-strategic U.S. assets. Our strong performance is the direct result of the significant portfolio transformation, which is delivering solid operating metrics including fourth quarter U.S. same-site NOI growth of 4.3% bringing the full year U.S. same-site NOI growth of 3.3%. Over 70% of the NOI growth is attributable to minimum rent increases. Our combined same-site NOI growth which includes our Canadian operations was 4% for the fourth quarter and 3.3% as well for the full year excluding the negative impact of currency of 90 basis points and 80 basis points respectively. Occupancy is approaching 96% and our leasing spreads were strong with full year leasing spreads of 19.5% and 6.3% for renewals and options bringing combined leasing spreads to 8.8% for 2014. We continued to execute on the simplification part of our strategy. During the fourth quarter we acquired seven assets from joint venture with Dick and sold eight other properties from this joint venture. We also sold 23 assets in Mexico and two assets in Peru for total proceeds of $161 million and have now substantially liquidated our investment in both countries. As previously mentioned upon substantial liquidation of an investment in a foreign country, the impact of foreign currency translation is recognized in earnings. As such we recognized a non-FFO charge of $134.3 million which was applied against the respective gains and losses on the assets sold. This is substantially offset with non-FFO gains net impairments of $107.8 million recognized during the quarter from the sale of 66 operating properties sold, generating total proceeds of approximately $420 million. In addition, as Dave mentioned we closed this week on the previously announced $925 million transaction to acquire the remaining 2/3rds interest of our joint venture with Blackstone. The 39 properties in the venture are wholly-owned. With regard to our balance sheet, we finished the year with solid debt metrics with net debt to recurring EBITDA of 5.5x and fixed charge coverage of 3.2x, the strong levels coupled with over $1.7 billion of the immediate liquidity from the availability on our revolving credit facility and cash on hand provided us the capacity to fund the Blackstone JV buyout. Subsequent to year end we refinanced our $400 million term-loan with a new $650 million term-loan priced at LIBOR plus 95 basis points among the lowest borrowing spread in the REIT industry. This term-loan has initial term of 2 years and 3 one-year extension options at our option with a final maturity date in 2020 providing us maximum flexibility. Our debt maturities for 2015 are very manageable with less than $500 million of maturities and a significant portion not doing for the latter part of 2015 with an average rate of 5.2% on the maturing debt, we view this as an excellent opportunity to reduce our cost of capital. Now to some more color on the guidance for 2015. As we discussed on our last earnings call NAREIT has been strongly advocating that all reporting companies provide guidance in accordance with the official NAREIT FFO definition as part of an effort to have an industry-wide consistency. As such, we are introducing an initial 2015 FFO per diluted share guidance range of $1.45 to $1.53 in accordance with NAREIT request. Our initial 2015 FFO was adjusted per share guidance range is $1.42 to $1.44. The level of growth takes into account the dilutive impact of $0.12 associated with the significant capital recycling and joint venture buyout executed during 2014. We view 2015 as a bridge year where we absorb the impact of our transformation program in order to position the company for superior long-term earnings growth in 2016 and beyond. In addition, the guidance consists the investments made in land parcels for future development totaling over $100 million and our Plus business investments in our Supervalu and Safeway acquisitions, which are currently non-earning, which should provide excellent growth potential in the future. Several of the underlying assumptions used to develop the guidance range include an overall increase in U.S. occupancy of 25 to 50 basis points; U.S. same property NOI growth of 3% to 3.5%; acquisitions of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, which includes the $925 million from the recently closed buyout of Blackstone; and dispositions of $550 million to $750 million. In addition, the guidance range includes a $0.02 per share negative impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar on our Canadian denominated flows. The headline guidance ranging includes net transactional income of $20 million to $38 million, which is excluded from our FFO as adjusted. The net transactional income includes acquisition cost of $6 million. The guidance range is sensitive to timing of acquisitions, dispositions, redevelopments coming online and lease-up and financing initiatives. Our 2015 plan strongly supports our recently increased common dividend level of $0.24 per quarter, which equates to an FFO pay-out ratio in the mid-60s percent range one of the lowest in the industry. Now, I will turn it over to Conor.
Conor Flynn: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning everyone. Today I will give a brief summary of our portfolio metrics, a quick update on acquisitions and dispositions followed by an update on redevelopments. The fourth quarter and full year results reflect our best efforts to reposition the portfolio to a vibrant collection of high-quality, high-growth assets located in dense key metro markets that have the highest growth in population, wages and employment. We are positioned to give our shareholders unmatched safety in terms of tenant and geographic diversity along side stable and recurring growth. The U.S. portfolio achieved an increase in occupancy of 80 basis points pro rata for the year to end at 95.7%. The occupancy gains were primarily driven by the increase in small shop demand as the U.S. small shop occupancy rose 280 basis points from the beginning of the year to finish at 88% pro rata an increase of 100 basis points of our prior quarter. Resurgence in small shop leasing continues as this quarter we completed 66% of our small shop deals with local operators. The three major categories that make up the bulk of our small shop leasing include personal care services, restaurants and medical offices. Anchor occupancy also gained 10 basis points pro rata over prior quarter to finish at 98.3%. Leasing spreads continued to show the strong demand per space resulting in combined leasing spreads of 9.4% for the quarter. The U.S. same-site NOI of 4.3% for the quarter is a strong result driven by significant rent commences, contractual rent increases and redevelopment is coming online. Competition in our key markets for acquisitions continues to escalate with no end of capital chasing high-quality real estate. Acquisitions for the fourth quarter were geared towards off-market, value-added projects where we are able to leverage our strength. Braelinn Village, a Kroger anchored center in Alpharetta, Atlanta suburb has expiring below-market Kmart lease that we believe as a significant redevelopment potential. In addition, we have acquired four development parcels where we plan to build and hold these long-term strong assets to create shareholder value. One is the Whole Foods development in Wynnewood, Pennsylvania that is now under construction and located on the Main Line where we continue to expand our presence along side our flagship Suburban Square asset. The Christiana, Delaware site was purchased from Sears and sits adjacent to GGPs Christiana Mall where retailers can take advantage of a tax-free environment and the site will take advantage of the significant frontage along I-95. In Florida, the Dania Beach development site sits adjacent to our dominant Oakwood Plaza. Nearly 3 miles of frontage along I-95 that comprise these two properties will create a dynamic and signature asset. Finally, we have acquired a development parcel in Houston, Texas near the Woodlands and the new Exxon-Mobil campus that fronts the new Grand Parkway. The location of this asset is what we call a hole in the donut for retailers, as they are eager to capture this new positive growth in this affluent and highly educated market. Notwithstanding the current oil price volatility, our project has generated significant retailer interest at an early stage and we expect to execute leases with anchorage tenant throughout 2015. These four projects amount to projected gross costs of $469 million, where targeted returns between 7% and 8%, a measured development approach where we can take advantage of our local expertise will enable us to build upon our growing redevelopment pipeline. For 2015, we plan to leverage our industry-leading relationships to continue to source off-market transactions. A good example is the recently announced consolidation of the Blackstone JV in line with our stated strategy to simplify the business and further transform our portfolio; this transaction will significantly improve the wholly-owned asset base of Kimco and add a few notable redevelopment projects. Turning to dispositions, in the fourth quarter we sold 41 properties, 29 wholly-owned and 12 in joint ventures for a pro rata share from these sales of $325 million. Pricing for these Tier-2 assets continue to show improved strength as public and private capital chase deals to the very low interest environment. For the year, we completed the sales of 91 U.S. shopping centers for a gross sales price of $1 billion including $249 million of mortgage debt. The company's pro rata share from these sales was $710 million and the blended cap rate on our dispositions for the year was 7.5%. We believe we are in the sweet spot for dispositions and are targeting another $600 million for dispositions in 2015 to effectively complete the transformation of the portfolio by exiting our low growth assets in secondary markets. Our redevelopment program continues to produce significant results. Every asset we own goes through a methodical review process that takes into account all opportunities including current and future, retail and non-retail, so we leave no stone unturned to help create long-term shareholder value. Our real estate is in demand not only from our normal role at expanding retailers, but also new sources including specialty grocers, outlet concepts, European retailers and developers of apartments, medical offices and hotels. For the year, we completed 34 projects with the total gross cost of $68 million with a ROI of 13.9%. These projects continued to improve net asset value and contributed 90 basis points to our same-site NOI this year. As you look to 2015, we target gross projects of $200 million with a ROI of 8% to 10%. We have made significant progress this year. But, there is still work to be done as we continue to evolve and position ourselves as the best in class capital allocator and redevelopment operation. In this next cycle, it will be imperative for us to focus on the capacity to sustain significant income growth when the interest rate environment shifts. As we near our all time high in occupancy, we will look to our redevelopment and development pipeline to generate significant recurring income growth. The demand for space continues to outpace supply as we enter into 2015; we are cautiously optimistic due to the fundamental drivers of our industry. Employment growth, cheap gas prices and consumer confidence all combined to form a powerful shopping base in the U.S. that is ready to ramp-up consumption especially for off-price and essential goods. Our retailer services group continues to provide us with invaluable information and recently found that this dramatic fall in gas prices has been a boon for our grocery concepts. We completed our strategic initiative of increasing our percentage of ABR from grocery-anchorage properties from 58% to over 65% and we will continue to push this initiative in 2015. Our asset class is now competing at a higher level. As we have noticed many of our retailers that straddle the line between open-air shopping centers and the enclosed mall world have been outperforming in the open-air environment. Combining the favorable supply and demand balance, in addition to the safety to U.S. investments provide a nice runway of growth that had for owning well-located open-air centers. As we look to 2015, our strategic goals remain focused on completing our transformation, simplification and expanding our redevelopment efforts to include strategic ground-up developments. And now, I will turn it over to Milton for his closing remarks.
Milton Cooper: Well, thank you, Conor. I believe that our retail estate portfolio is in a particularly sweet spot. The decline in gasoline prices is much, much more important on a relative basis to our retail tenants, the super mall, the drug store, the off-price retailers and many other retailers that sell essential goods and service. It's much more important to them than it is to high-end luxury retailers. I would also note that the major department stores are opening up more off-price units than ever before. There are 35 Nordstrom Rack stores planned over the next two years. Hudson Bay has stated they believe the value concepts will capture much of the growth in retail over the next five years and they are accelerating their expansion of their Saks Off Fifth brand. Even Macy's announced, they will explore in off-price business in addition to their existing Bloomingdale's outlet concept. I also believe that cap rates will continue to decline. The spread between the 10-year treasury rate and cap rate should be narrower. The U.S. has the best legal system in the world for property rights. Global investors and pension funds are increasing their allocation to U.S. real estate, which should create further demand and the dollar is getting much more respect. At Kimco over the past year, we have invested in the future growth of the company. These investments include the Blackstone purchase, a myriad of redevelopment projects and the development sites in Florida, Delaware, Pennsylvania and Texas. But for me personally, the most stimulating part is the bench strength of the Kimco team. I see passion and creative ability and a fierce energy to create value. Our team has dozens of new initiatives and programs to increase our operating income and NAV. And with that, we are happy to take any questions.
David Bujnicki: We are ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. We request that you respect the limit of one question so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you are welcome to rejoin the queue. Dan, you may take our first caller.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi.
Christy McElroy: Hi. Good morning, everyone. As the largest shopping center REIT by market cap and coming into 2015 as a net acquirer and a potential equity issuer, this sort of feels like an appropriate question for you guys. Dave as you mentioned the private market for acquisitions is competitive. You had a lot of success buying out JV partners in terms in the last couple of years. But, historically you have been a willing public REIT acquirer even though you haven't in recent years. So I'm wondering what's your view on where the public REITs are trading versus private market values and is there a scenario where you would consider leveraging your equities to buy another couple of REITs?
Dave Henry: Well, there is certainly a scenario we would consider it. And we do think there continues to be a difference between properties on the private market and how us as a public company are valuing. We think the implied cap rate of our stock is much too high compared to the high-quality properties that are being traded out there on the private markets. So there certainly is an arbitrage that exits out there. But as you know, M&A in our sector is difficult basically there is a process, you end up paying their bankers, your bankers, their accounts, your accounts. These deals are fully shopped. And yes, we have experienced doing it. We have done five over the last I think 15 years and we are proud of those. And we certainly continue to look at opportunities. We are focused however on if we do M&A on portfolios that will enhance the quality of our own portfolio. So the inventory of public portfolios out there that we attract our interest is narrower than perhaps it would have been in the past when we looked at all kinds of the yield. So we will see what happens over time and if things become imply we certainly look. I think it's known that we together with others looked at AmREIT which met that high-quality profile about it. It is noteworthy that a private buyer bought it.
Christy McElroy: Acknowledging the quality bias, would you have a bias towards larger format centers or smaller neighborhood centers if you were to buy a large portfolio today?
Dave Henry: Yes, sure.
ConorFlynn: We prefer the larger formats. I think it gives us a little it more redevelopment potential. That being said we know that if we want to become a more urban portfolio that we may have to acquire some smaller parcels and then look to try and enhance that by acquiring adjacent sites around those parcels.
Christy McElroy: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you. Regarding the guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, how much of that do you think will be acquisitions from JV partners?
GlennCohen: Well, again, you have $925 million that we closed on already this week. So you have the bulk of it that's done that way. We will continue to look for some work. But, I would say that balance of its really going to be one-off transactions that we find probably on an off market basis that might be an asset or two that we can buy out. But, we have done the bulk of that heavy lifting I think go in our – buying out large joint venture partners that are willing to part with their assets that's the norm.
Dave Henry: We continue to have some discussions with some that are interested. So I wouldn't say it's – that we are completely finished. But the bigger ones as we have talked – as we mentioned in the past have told us they like to hold for the long-term. But we are talking to some of the others.
Craig Schmidt: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samir Khanal of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Samir Khanal: Good morning, guys. Just looking at kind of your international market today, I mean you have exited pretty much all of Latin America, I think most of the bulk – to dispose and that was kind of in the U.S. of $600 million in 2015. But, with the soft Canadian currency and can that – is that a market that you kind of think about for the long-term, as you kind of balance the currency risk there and possibly kind of a better opportunity to invest elsewhere?
Dave Henry: We certainly take a look at what we have in Canada and what we should do with what we have in Canada. One of the problems we have had as we have mentioned on these calls over the years is growing what we have had properties prices up there are exceptionally high. And we have taken advantage of it in modest ways. We have continued to monetize our preferred equity investments while we have sold quite a few properties in Canada. But, together with some of our partners we have put properties on the market up there. So I think it's more likely than not that you will see our exposure and our investment platform in Canada to go down over time rather than stay the same.
Samir Khanal: Okay, great. Thanks.
Dave Henry: Thanks Samir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan of MLV. Please go ahead.
Paul Morgan: Hi. Good morning. Just and thinking in about the consolidation in office supply space where you have got more than 100 staples and office depots and as you look at that real estate, I know retailers have been circling a lot of those stores for a long time. I mean how do you think about the mark-to-market within in your portfolio? And then broadly how consolidation of that REIT might play out in terms of – is there enough term left that will be a lot of sub-lease activity or would you be able to recapture and could be a catalyst for redevelopment et cetera?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. It's a good question. The first thing to note is that the two companies will operate business as usual as they go through the FTC process. So as we look out the next three years we have clearly 42 sites that are just coming due. The good thing is that the boxes that these office supply users occupy are in the highest demand in terms of our shopping center space. So 98.3% occupancy in our boxes over 10,000 square feet. And these boxes have come up in the next three years. They are about 10% to 15% below market. So we do believe that they are going to analyze a strategy if they are approved by the FTC that will then clarify what their needs are going forward. But, we believe this is a nice opportunity for us to continue to add specialty grocers to our shopping centers where we can increase our percentage of ABRs from a grocery component. And there is plenty of demand for all the TJX concepts, Ross, Bed Bath & Beyond concepts. If you think about these are boxes that once you add up a dynamic retailer that will cause more traffic it should have a trickle down effect that will impact and enhance the residual shopping center. So we look at it as a net positive, but at the end of the day, as a landlord you are always sad to see another retailer combine because it's one left that it's going to be bidding on that space when it comes available. So even though it's probably necessary for that sector, we do like to think the more retailers is better for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Auerbach of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
George Auerbach: Thanks. Good morning. For the fourth quarter in 2014, it looks like TIs and LCs were about 18% or so the value of your new leases in the U.S. up from about 15% in 2013. I guess how should we expect capital cost to trend in 2015 and 2016 on new leases. And how do you think that impacts the cash rent spreads on your new leases relative to the call 20% spreads on new and 9% overall, that you achieved in 2014.
Glenn Cohen: I think that's probably a common range in terms of going forward, you will still see the tenant improvement allowance and landlord work range from third quarter to fourth quarter and that is going forward for 2015. That being said, we are getting close to our stabilization point of occupancy, so when new leases come in unless it's a transformative used where we are going from a soft good player to a grocery box or a say a bank branch to a restaurant that's where you really see the up tick in the cost that you need to reposition those boxes and that's probably what's driving that up tick in the fourth quarter because we did execute a number of grocery deals as well as restaurant deals.
George Auerbach: Still going forward is 15% a better number?
Glenn Cohen: I think the 10% to 15% is a good range to think about.
George Auerbach: Thank you.
Glenn Cohen: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason White of Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Jason White: Good morning. I was just wondering why 2015 is the right time to be a net acquire and what factors will lead to materially depart from your initial guidance this year?
Glenn Cohen: Well, what I would say is, we had this big opportunity to buy out our Blackstone joint venture which is over $900 million that is the bulk of it. If you look at the balance of what we are doing, we are talking about selling at a mid-point roughly $650 million of assets and acquiring on the other side of that somewhere around another $300 million to $400 million of assets. So again, as Dave mentioned you have a pretty heated market. We are trying to find really good opportunities. But being very disciplined about what we are acquiring. I mean the Blackstone joint venture is the driver.
Dave Henry: Definitely the driver and if you think about it, it was a wonderful opportunity for us because there was no broker involved. We could assume the mortgages without any additional costs. We minimized the transfer taxes and we were able to do a negotiated transaction with Blackstone. And so that those opportunities don't come along a lot and $900 million certainly drive us being a net acquirer in the face of very high third-party acquisition prices. So you are right in general but it's just that the Blackstone deal fell right into this year.
Glenn Cohen: I would also just add that our disposition is a lot smaller this year. So when you think of it, we are coming off of a very large disposition year and that tails off because we are nearing the completion of the repositioning.
Jason White: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Nussbaum of UBS. Please go ahead.
JeremyMetz: Yes. Good morning. It's Jeremy here with Ross. I was just wondering if you can give us a little more color on the components of your same-store growth expectations for 2015, what kind of leasing spreads are you baking in and what about expense growth and then just also how much should the development benefit 2015 results?
Conor Flynn: Yes. In our plan we anticipate redevelopments to have 25 to 40 basis point impact on our same-site NOI growth.
GlennCohen: And on the leasing spread side, we baked in high-single digits. So pretty similar to what we saw for this year.
Jeremy Metz: And on the expense side another year of 3-ish percent?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. It should be pretty similar. I mean again, as Conor mentioned we were trying to get close to our stabilized level of occupancy so those costs should maintain themselves. We'll have to see a little bit what happens with snow removal. But, outside of that it should be pretty consistent.
Conor Flynn: Right.
Jeremy Metz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Peterson of Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Ryan Peterson: Yes. Hi. Thank you. This quarter your same-site NOI redevelopment added 1.4% but you spoken of that being a lower number next year. Is that related to lower yields on upcoming redevelopment or is that just purely timing?
Conor Flynn: No. It's not lower yield. It's actually timing because we are talking as the redevelopment can't mature actually you take off sites that you are taking down because you have to take that income off. So we actually have a number of assets that I talked about $200 million or so coming on line. But then, as you look at our pipeline, we actually are taking off quite a bit as well. So if you add that to the benefits, it averages out to about 25 to 40 bps of improvement on same-site NOI.
Ryan Peterson: Okay, great. That's it from me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Isbee of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Nathan Isbee: Hi. Good morning. Can you please talk about the land purchases without the pre-leasing and how you make that decision weighing the next got to have development versus recent history of music stopping with a lot of land on the books et cetera?
Conor Flynn: No problem. Let me walk you through them. The first one Wynnewood, Pennsylvania that was a forward commitment where we actually purchased the property with an executed Whole Foods lease. So it was in essence a ground-up development where we had the Whole Foods lease in place before closing on the land. And it's again in an area where we want to continue to control on the main line. Christina, Delaware that site was actually a six-year labor of love where we were actually working with Sears originally to entitle the project as a JV partner. And then co-develop it going forward. Well – and the entitlements obviously came to a fruition, Sears did no longer wanted participate in the ground-up development process because of the cash involved. So we were able to execute a purchase option for us and take them out of it, so now we are going to be owning that 100% in developing it going forward. We have been working in that project for a number of years as I said. And we are very confident in the rental – the retailer interest going forward. Grand Parkway that site again is a long – the Grand Parkway site in Houston, it's in a perfect location where if you look at the spacing from all of our retailers, its' really positioned nicely to take advantage of not only the new Parkway that's going to be completed but it also has the new Exxon-Mobil campus coming out of the ground and Woodland is a very affluent, very highly educated pocket of population in Houston. And I think we will really drive significant retailer interest and we have already been seeing more demand even from retailers that have been dormant for a number of years are looking at this site as a real opportunity to get a piece of this new development. And then Dania is an adjacent site next to our 100% leased Oakwood Plaza. This is a Fort Lauderdale Airport really a site that will own from Fort Lauderdale Airport all the way down to Highwood, Florida. So I-95 will be controlled by us really for 3 miles. And we think we have significant synergies by controlling the adjacent parcel. And looking at doing complementary uses that we believe will really enhance our existing position and be a signature asset for us going forward. So each of those ground up development have a very specific story and that's why we believe it's a prudent time to step back into the ground of development process because we have been very reluctant at paying sub-5 caps for signature assets. And if we can develop to a 7% or 8% in a key market where we know we are going to own long-term. We think that we can control the process and feel very comfortable with – in 2017 and 2018 bringing these projects on.
Nathan Isbee: All right. That's helpful.
Dave Henry: I will just –
Nathan Isbee: I'm sorry.
Dave Henry: Let me just add one thing. Although we – there is not a lot of actual sign pre-leases in some of these occasions before we went ahead we knew we had the tenant interest. So we talked to tenants. We knew exactly who wanted to go where before we went ahead with these deals. So yes, technically there is not a basket full of signed leases, but we had the indications from the tenants that they wanted to be in these locations especially Houston and Dania.
Nathan Isbee: All right. That's helpful. I'm going to miss the roller-coaster there on the 95. How much land are you willing – no matter how good these deals are, how much land are you going to put on your books at this point?
ConorFlynn: I think it's a very measured approach. I think it has to be a very compelling case like the ones we talked about. I feel very comfortable on the staffing levels that we have. We look to really add one signature development project per region and feel very comfortable that we are capable of creating value doing that. So I feel, we will take a very measured approach and look for compelling cases only going forward.
Nathan Isbee: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vincent Chao: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just wanted to go back to the first question. You talked about a preference for urban areas and large formats. But, just curious geographically you are looking at potentials, would you stick within the current footprint or are you willing to go outside of that and if you are, how are you really thinking about qualities at more demographics? Is it – what is the criteria that you are looking at there? And then I guess between grocer versus power, obviously, you have both, any specific preference would you really mostly focus on grocery-anchor at this point which seems to be an increasing focus for you?
Conor Flynn: Let me take the first one on the markets. We very strategically identified our key markets and we want to stay to that map. We always analyzed demographics to see if there is an additional key market that we should be interested in going forward. But for the time being, we feel very dedicated to our map and our key markets and that's where we have been focusing on both for acquisitions, redevelopment and ground-up development. And the question on the grocery versus power center, we like both, we actually think there is a little bit of misprice on the power center right now because of the opportunity to add a grocery component to a power center. So if that opportunity presents itself, we usually jump at it and try and work with adding a grocery component and get that cap rate compression.
DaveHenry: I think you mentioned all the screens we would go through everything from the average rents to the particular geographic markets to the types and the size of the assets and whether there is upside in terms of redevelopment. We have not been afraid to buy a large portfolio and then put in the two buckets, a whole bucker if you will. And a sell bucket. So we would continue to look at mixed assortment of assets and then try to tailor to what we want long-term. But, we have spent the last couple of years deciding which markets to focus on long-term and trying to become a little more urban focused and a little more larger asset focused.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Thanks for that. And just one question on the dispositions which you guys talked about cap rates compressing across the board and obviously now it will be more U.S. focus in terms of assets sales maybe Canada as well. Curious, this year I think the guidance was for 8% cap rates under dispositions, how are you thinking about 2015's dispositions should be – if you are thinking about 7 or less than that?
GlennCohen: I think you probably still have it on the low to mid 7s because some of its going to be the – we have a couple of assets that are still remaining in Mexico when you blended all together, so a combined probably 7.5-ish range.
Conor Flynn: As long as the interest environment stays relatively stable, I think we will continue to see the demand there. So we feel pretty comfortable with that assumption.
Vincent Chao: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Sullivan of The Cowen Group. Please go ahead.
Jim Sullivan: Good morning. Thank you. Question for Conor regarding the footprints for the off-priced concepts and the off-priced demand that you are seeing generally. This is really kind of a segue from Milton's comment about expanding demand from the likes of Nordstrom rack and commentary from some of the department store groups that are looking to want to take on more off-priced square feet themselves. And also given what Neiman Marcus just agreed with Sears, I just want to – Conor, when you look at your Kmart boxes and the possibility for redevelopment, re-tenanting. Are you seeing off-priced because of this competitive pressure off-priced footprints expanding or not. And as you think about the redevelopment let's say a theoretical redevelopment of Kmart box, would it be your preference to do a multi-tenant approach in that box or would you be more – would you be just as happy to replace them with a single tenant?
Conor Flynn: Sure. The first one on the square footage, it really depends on the discounter that you are talking about Saks Off Fifth for example is going a little bit larger than say your prototypical TJX or Ross. They are looking for closer to 30,000 to 40,000 square feet. Now, that being said because the competition is so significant to get into certain assets they are willing to go down to 20,000 to 25,000 square feet. So we still continue to see that range of 20,000 to 30,000 square feet as being the sweet spot for the op price discounter. TJX has gone a little bit smaller from 25,000 to 22,000. Ross continues to be right about the same square footage. But, we think that that's really the sweet spot for the discounter today as they try and figure out how to get the most sales out of their box and continue to refine their business model. And as for Kmart redevelopments, it really depends on the assets where its located, what's the best use for the surrounding community. And what's really going to drive the most sales for that shopping center. If you got a single box Kmart that you are redeveloping, my preference is typically to probably chop it up and do a number of different retailers because then you can really enhance the surrounding retailer. The retailer that – so if you can add a grocery concept to it your small shop will then pick-up on that significant traffic increase. And again, the junior acre space today is probably the most active in terms of our industry and when we look at Kmart boxes the demand for the juniors are really what's driving the rents and really what's driving the growth there. So for us it's been a mix but I would say that going forward it will still be drawn a lot of junior box interests.
Jim Sullivan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Rich Moore: Yes. Hi. Good morning guys. I realized that the developments that you are currently undertaking are specific in nature and each as a story. But I'm wondering, do you think there is an industry shift that's sort of being signaled here in terms of the amount of developments that's going to happen in the shopping center sector. And should we think in terms of maybe annual starts for you guys as we look at our models and our thought process for Kimco should we think in terms of $200 million starts a year going forward. Does that make sense?
Dave Henry: I think – certainly think it's fair to say that after six years of virtually no development that there are the green shots out there and especially led by the specialty grocers like Whole Foods, you are beginning to see more development. But these are generally a smaller projects and still just a fraction of the number shopping centers that we have developed, at the peak we were developing 2000 shopping centers a year in the United States and so may be it's gone from 100 to a 200 or 300 now, but it still a small fraction. And nobody to my knowledge is doing these million square foot lifestyle all spec centers that take years to get the entitlements. So I think the inventory is going to be limited, but certainly there has been a turning point and the economics are now justifying new construction in selective markets.
GlennCohen: But, I think Richard in terms of modeling again; we are being very, very disciplined and careful about where we are acquiring that. To think that we are going to put on $300 million, $400 million a year, I don't think that's the case. The projects there is not that many of them that come along. I mean as Conor mentioned Christina property we have been working on for 6 years. And so this is an example. So I think it's going to be more limited than that.
Conor Flynn: Yes. I would agree with Glenn and I would just add to that that the apartment developers are driving land prices up so significantly that that retail is still probably going to be muted in terms of ground-up development going forward. It's going to have to be a very selective cases for what make sense going forward.
Rich Moore: Okay, very good. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Linda Tsai of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Following up on the off-priced topic, when you look at this off-priced space that's expanding Nordstrom Rack, Macy's, is your sense that these retailers actively prefer a shopping center location over a traditional outlet location all else equal.
Conor Flynn: It's really case-by-case on which retailer you are talking about, if it's a pure outlet player that's still loves to be in the outlet center then I think that's still their preference. We are starting to see the bleed happen where typically you would use to see Saks Off Fifth only going in an outlet concept where now they were really active in terms of going to our open air shopping centers. The theme I would say for the Bloomingdale's outlet concept and the Neiman Marcus last call. So Nordstrom Rack has always been a player in our space, so that one is not new. But, I do see that those others are now becoming very, very interested in it, in addition to the Nike outlet and a few others. So that I would say is the starting point, I'm not sure if it's going to fall, it would be a continuous trend and have all the outlets look to it to relocate. But, at pricing where significant – the operating cost in an outlet center today are significant, we can offer a pretty big discount to that.
Linda Tsai: Thanks. And then in light of the RadioShack declaring bankruptcy, I know this was largely anticipated. Any color on how many stores are in your portfolio, are they in the higher quality centers like the office supply stores?
Glenn Cohen: We have 68 RadioShack properties. I can tell you this, last month in January; RadioShack only paid rent on some of the stores. And those are the ones that they thought they want to keep going forward. I think all but two of our stores we got the rent paid. We have been talking with them for the past year as I said we are going to close 200 stores and then we are going to close 1500 stores and most of our stores are not on that list to close. So we are pretty confident that the bulk of that 15 and 2000 stores will be in the open air centers. And a lot of them will be ours. So I think for me – I'm excited that new opportunities are going to come in bring Sprint in there and do a lot of good things in the stores. But, and it looks like as Conor said early on we have had an increase in our small shop based about 280 basis points. So there is a lot of demand, they have good locations, so the ones we get back; I think we will do pretty well with.
Dave Henry: And just to put in perspective though because of our large scale all those stores they amount to a total of 170,000 square feet, I know it's a really tiny piece to a puzzle.
Conor Flynn: And only 0.3%, I think they are so.
Linda Tsai: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Rosivach of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Caitlin Burrows: Hi. Good morning. This is Caitlin Burrows. On the similar topic of bankruptcy, some of the mall REITs have reported so far have indicated potential loss of rents this year. From those bankruptcies as you talk about selling small shop space for local businesses, do you think you will face the same risk or it seems your tenants different right now?
GlennCohen: We have been monitoring for the past couple of years. We heard during the fall of last year a lot of the mall retailers were having issues, especially the ones that are dealing with the teams, they are not going to the malls any more. So they are getting hurt. And so [indiscernible] and folks like that are being struggling. I'm not seeing that with our shop space tenants at all, it's been very strong on that so we are pretty comfortable on our end that we are not going to see a fall like that.
Conor Flynn: I would agree our watch list is continuing to shrink I think RadioShack and the office supply sector has been on everybody's radar for a long, long time. And we feel very comfortable with the lease roll over and the opportunity to backfill those spaces that significantly improved rents.
Caitlin Burrows: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Lucas of Capital One Securities. Please go ahead.
Chris Lucas: Good morning, everyone. Most of my questions have been already asked and answered. But, just on the development pipeline nationally David, are we basically in the clear 2015, 2016 and then 2017 is when you start to think that there is a little bit of a tick up in deliveries and new inventory coming online or is it further out?
Dave Henry: I think your term a little bit of pick up is the right term. We just don't see any V-shape to the recovery of development. There was so many difficulties with so many large projects that got caught and talked on the financial prices that going into large scale development much of which is spec is exceptionally hard. And the economics still aren't there. In many markets rents still aren't back to the levels they were six, seven years ago. So it's very hard to make the numbers work and construction financing is very limited. It's just much tougher in our sector to get going again in major developments. So I think you will see a little bit of a U-turn here with development in our sector and you are beginning to see some of it. But again, we are a long way off, years off from major, major addition to supply. It's interesting that retail per capita in the U.S. has actually come down. I mean that's the first time it's happened in a long, long time.
Conor Flynn: I would just add that the super anchors are really the driver behind a lot of the development in the last cycle. And when you look at the super anchors today Wal-mart is expanding their smaller footprint with their neighborhood concept. If you look at Target, they are expanding their express concept to smaller footprint. Home Depot is not really doing anything new. So a lot of the guys that were out there that were really buying either a piece of land or ground leasing a big portion of a slide to make it feasible are no longer in the game. So if you take them out of the playing field, it's really going to be muted for the next few years. And then we will start to see a tick back up.
Chris Lucas: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Christy McElroy. Please go ahead.
MichaelBilerman: Yes. It's Michael Bilerman with Christy. Either Dave or Glenn, I'm just thinking about sort of capital financing alternatives and Glenn, I think you talked a little bit about in guidance that there is a variety of different financing assumptions in your guidance. I think if you back into the weighted average share count, that's embedded in your guidance it's about an extra 10 million shares, so it would appear as though there is some level of equity issuance either off the ATM or direct issuances in the guidance. So I'm wondering as you think about the big Blackstone deal that you did with negotiated transaction, taking on leverage, being a net acquirer, why not have issued the equity earlier or at least timed it better and not take sort of market risk and maybe just help us understand how you are thinking about equity as part of that funding source both within guidance but more strategically about when to rise it.
DaveHenry: Sure, Michael. So we have a very strong balance sheet and we have a plenty of liquidity and plenty of levers to pull in terms of our access to capital. And again, we remain very committed to maintaining our BBB+ BAA one ratings. Now, as you know, we haven't issued common equity since 2009 although we continually evaluated our capital needs in connection with our operating strategy, our debt metrics or capital plan and where we believe are any of these. But in terms of being able to have more tools, we are going to establish an ATM program and watch how the rest of our capital plan runs throughout the year. But, starting with a net debt to EBITDA of 5.5x, it gives us the capacity to watch and figure where we are best positioned to – if need to issue equity do it. I mean there are other things that are out there, we have our Supervalu position, which potentially could be monetized and add capital to us. So we really want to see all the pieces come together.
MichaelBilerman: But, I guess that's what embedded in there some level embedded in guidance and if you don't do that – you don't do an equity raise, there is upside to numbers that effectively you dampened FFO per share growth a little bit by embedding some level of equity issuance?
Dave Henry: Yes. Again, well, guidance is a range, right? We have run various scenarios some with, some without equity. But, yes, I mean if we don't issue equity you will definitely have upside in those numbers. But, again, we have to balance that with our debt metrics and our desire to maintain our credit ratings where they are.
MichaelBilerman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Jim Sullivan of Cowen Group. Please go ahead.
Jim Sullivan: Sure. Yes, I just thinking of the comments – Conor's comment earlier in the prepared remarks about sustaining growth going forward after this so called bridge year. And then with what David had to say about the likely pace of development returning in the upside and the value creation that provides. I'm just curious Conor when we go back into your presentation the company did at the end of 2013, the internal growth rate talking about 3% plus and a range of 2.5% to 3.5%. And as we are approaching this kind of peak occupancy rate that the company has been able to achieve historically 96 and change. Are you expecting that the redevelopment contribution which of course you will include in the same-store NOI combined with higher spread, do you expect that's going to be able to replace the inability to push occupancy any further and sustain same-store NOI 3% plus? What do you think that we have to assume the same-store is just going to have to come down?
Conor Flynn: No. We do agree with that assumption that that's really what's going to drive it to 3% plus. And this year as the bridge year, we are focused on delivering 3% to 3.5% of same-site NOI and then 2016 and 2017 is actually when a lot of our leases mature that are significantly below market. So we think that's going to be a nice mark-to-market opportunity just to continue our growth either occupancy hits stabilization. You couple that with our redevelopment program and that's really what we are excited about a lot in the potential. Because our low ABR has grown significantly and we continue to think that that's a nice upside for us going forward.
Jim Sullivan: And if I can just add to that the redevelopment contribution therefore should continue to be running at a level substantially above what the development contribution would likely be?
Conor Flynn: That's correct.
Jim Sullivan: Okay.
Dave Henry: And remember market rents are moving for us as occupancies get to these peak level for everybody market rents are jumping a bit. So that will continue to help as well.
Jim Sullivan: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Rich Moore: Yes, again guys. I got kind of a mundane question to ask you. With the commentary you made about the two numbers you want to show now the two sets of guidance you want to show one for NAREIT and one for adjusted. How do you – since you got us on the phone, how do you want us to show this to FirstCall, I mean should we switch now to a NAREIT definition in what we report to FirstCall or do you want us to stay with the adjusted?
Glenn Cohen: No. I think we run our business based on our recurring flows. I mean NAREIT is very focused on headline that's their desire. We run our business and we determine our dividend based on our recurring flows. So we have provided both because we were request to, but we run our business on a recurring.
Dave Henry: I would just add maybe Michael Bilerman who certainly has been one of the stronger proponents of making sure there is a consistent measurement for non-dedicated REIT investors to look at. So that's why NAREIT has been so adamant. That if you are going to give guidance on something make sure you also give guidance on the official. Yes, there is only one official SEC approved definition of FFO. And so that's why we have started to give guidance as well as the recurring guidance. If you listen to David Simmons call, he was particularly adamant about it. We want to attract non-dedicated REIT investors to our space. So if we can do our part with giving guidance on the official definition we are going to do that.
Rich Moore: Okay. To do that I think Dave, we got to show that way too though and –
Conor Flynn: We would agree. We would agree.
Milton Cooper: We agree.
Conor Flynn: We would agree.
Rich Moore: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike Mueller: Yes. Hi. I was wondering, can you talk about what you are seeing on the ground in Houston and then Florida?
DaveHenry: On the ground in Houston was the question –
Mike Mueller: And Florida.
DaveHenry: I will just take it, Conor knows much more specifics than I do. But, in talking to some of our favorite partners and clients and relationships in Houston, they all start-off by saying we want to remind you that this is not the first time we have been to the rodeo. In other words they have been through ups and downs in energy prices and they feel very good about the long-term prospects of Texas and Houston in particular. The economy has diversified. And a lot of the energy projects are very long-tailed projects. These things take 10 years to put an offshore drilling rig actually in there and producing. So there is a lot of capital. It continues to flow into approved projects. Secondly, they remind us, there is a lot of capital waiting to come back in and take advantage of any distress that's there. And we have been particularly pleasantly surprised by the level of tenant interest in our new site in Houston notwithstanding the recent fall in prices. They like that site. They like Houston long-term. And these retailers are going to be there. So with that Conor?
Conor Flynn: I think that Houston has done a pretty good job in diversifying their economy. So clearly it's still tied closely to the – with oil prices. But the Exxon-Mobil campus is fully funded. It's consolidating all their offices. They are going to have over 12,000 employees there. These are all highly educated affluent workers. Woodland is the hardest area in terms of Texas and housing prices maybe average house stays on the market there about for a week before it's gobbled up. And we continue to see occupancy hit all time high in Houston. Our retail occupancy in Houston is higher than our portfolio average and we think that there is huge demand for retailers to continue to expand there. And the Grand Parkway is a new outer loop of Houston, so if you think of where the growth has gone Woodland is actually outside of the Grand Parkway. So the Grand Parkway is almost like in-field location that has the highest income in dense area of Woodlands outside of it. So it's actually starting to fill-in nicely. So with that, we feel very comfortable with the investment in the spacing of the retailers.
Mike Mueller: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our final question comes from Jason White of Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Jason White: Just a quick follow-up as you buy these larger portfolios out of your JVs, just curious how many of those properties is going to fall on the top tier of your portfolio versus maybe some just to have to kind of take with the portfolio and are you intending on selling any of those assets that may not fall within your top tier?
Conor Flynn: Yes. Just as a note, our JV platform was originally developed so that we could access cheaper cost of capital, so we can go after the higher quality assets. So in general as a footnote the JV properties were and have historically a higher quality property than our core portfolio. But, as we consolidated it, many of those properties are in our Tier-1 portfolio now. And as we analyze the JV buyouts, we continue to run our filters through to see which one has fall into our Tier-1 bucket and which one has fall into our Tier-2 bucket, which would then be sold-off. So it's really a fine approach to analyzing not only the asset that we can potentially acquire. But the good thing is as we continue to manage all these assets we know them inside now have a very good idea what we want to do it as soon as we get the opportunity to control it.
Jason White: So that largely immaterial amount of the JV acquisition properties that you would see selling over the next couple of years?
Conor Flynn: That's correct. That's a good assumption.
Jason White: Great. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thanks Dan. To everyone that participated on our call today, as a reminder additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental that's also posted to our Web site. Have a good day today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  David Henry – Chief Executive Officer Glenn Cohen - Chief Financial Officer Conor Flynn – President and Chief Operating Officer Milton Cooper – Executive Chairman David Bujnicki – Vice President of Investor Relations Raymond Edwards – Vice President, Retailer Services
Analysts:  Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christine McElroy – Citigroup Paul Morgan – MLV Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley Jason White - Green Street Advisors  Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets Ryan Peterson - Sandler O'Neill Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Linda Tsai – Barclays Capital Jeremy Metz – UBS Lina Rudashevski – JPMorgan Tammi Fique - Wells Fargo Greg Schweitzer – DB 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Vice President. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Thanks Gary. Thank you all for joining Kimco's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, Chief Executive Officer; Conor Flynn, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Glenn Cohen, CFO. There are also other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. (Operator Instructions) With that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David Henry: Good morning and thank you for calling in today. We are very pleased to report excellent third quarter financial results which highlight very healthy fundamentals in our portfolio. Our operating metrics across the board for the quarter were excellent, led by solid occupancy gains and strong growth in U.S same-site NOI of 4.9%. We continue to be pleased with the improving trends in small shop space and our 15th straight quarter of solid leasing spreads for both new leases and renewals. As we have discussed in prior calls, limited new supply population growth and positive GDP growth have all combined to provide excellent momentum for increases in effective rents, leasing spreads and occupancies across the open air shopping center sector, particularly in high quality properties in primary markets. While retailers in general have had a mixed year so far, there is optimism about the holiday season and many of our top tenants are doing very well, such as TJX, Costco, Home Depot, Burlington, Ross Stores, et cetera. Many of these tenants are continuing to substantially increase their store counts. Restaurants in particular are expanding in great numbers, led by the relatively new fast casual category, which includes Panera Bread, Chipotle, Chick-Fil-A and Smashburger.  While Kimco, like several of our peers, is beginning to invest very selectively in several ground-up developments, new supply is expected to remain muted for several more years and retail space per capita in the U.S has actually declined slightly. While ecommerce continues to impact brick and mortar retailers, most large retailers have found effective ways to blend their growing ecommerce business with their store operations. The Omni-channel concept is a reality and most of us landlords smiled recently as we read that Amazon plans to open a new retail showroom in New York City.  In terms of our overall strategy, we continue to implement our TSR initiatives, transformation, simplification and redevelopment. Glenn and Conor will cover the specifics, but we are on track in terms of selling our Tier 2 properties and selectively adding high quality property acquisitions. Our redevelopment pipeline also continues to grow with new acquisitions and as rising rents make more projects economically feasible.  In Mexico, we are working very hard to close our last, large portfolio sale, which is under contract and which we hope to close in late November. We also have one property remaining in Chile, which is under a letter of intent. All of our other properties in Chile, Peru and Brazil have now been sold. Canada remains a strong and consistent contributor to our earnings, with excellent FFO returns despite the soft Canadian dollar. Occupancy and same side metrics, excluding currency, are very solid and property values are at very high historical levels. There are also several significant redevelopment opportunities in the Canadian portfolio which we are evaluating with our Canadian partners, particular RioCan.  And now I’d like to turn to Glenn to outline our specific financial results for the quarter, to be followed by Conor’s discussion of portfolio results with Milton batting cleanup. .
Glenn Cohen: Thanks Dave and good morning. Our solid third quarter performance is the result of continued execution of our stated strategy. The significant transformation of our portfolio is producing excellent operating metrics, highlighted by strong same side NOI growth, positive leasing spreads and a further lift to our occupancy levels. We’ve also made significant progress on the simplification front. Let me provide some color on the quarterly results.  As we reported last night, FFO was adjusted per diluted share, which represents recurring FFO and excludes transactional income and expenses and non-operating impairments was $0.36 as compared to $0.33 last year, a 9.1% increase. The primary drivers of the growth are attributable to higher NOI delivered by the shopping center of portfolio, coupled with low interest and G&A expenses. FFO as adjusted for the 9 months stands at $1.05 per share. Based on our expectations for the full year, we are tightening our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range to a $1.38 to $1.40 from a $1.36 to $1.40.  The midpoint of the guidance range will represent a 4.5% annual growth rate, a solid result considering the $0.04 diluted impact of disposing of higher cap rate assets, including InTown Suites, our Mexico assets and many of the non-strategic assets sold while using the proceeds to acquire high quality U.S assets in our key target market at lower cap rates. Headline FFO, which represents the official NAREIT definition for the third quarter was $0.39 per diluted share which includes $11.7 million of transactional income primarily from the receipt of a cash distribution in excess of the investments basis and certain land sale gains. Headline FFO per share for the 9 months is a $1.07. As requested by NAREIT, in addition to our FFO as adjusted per share guidance, we are providing full year Headline guidance for 2014 with a per share range of $1.42 to $1.45.  U.S occupancy has increased to 95.5%, up 50 basis points for the quarter and up 60 basis points year-to-date. The bulk of the increase is attributable to positive net absorption with minimal impact from acquisitions and dispositions. Overall occupancy, including Canada and Latin America, is now 95.3%, also up 50 basis points for the quarter and 80 basis points since the beginning of the year. We are increasing our overall occupancy guidance for 2014 to up 80 to a 100 basis points from our previous guidance of 50 to 75 basis points.  The closely watched metric of same site NOI growth is very strong at 4.9% in the US, bringing the year-to-date U.S same site NOI growth to 3.1%. The drivers of this same site NOI growth for the third quarter were strong minimum rent increases, providing 370 basis points of the growth and better credit loss performance contributing 60 basis points. Overall same site NOI growth, including Canada and South America was 4.8% excluding the negative impact from currency of 60 basis points.  The improving third quarter results bring overall same site NOI growth for the 9 months to 3.3%, excluding the negative 80 basis points impact from currency. We are tightening our 2014 same site NOI guidance range to 2.75% to 3.5% from 2.5% to 3.5%.  The transformation of our portfolio is in its final stage. During the quarter, we completed the disposition of 24 U.S assets, generating proceeds of $192 million and recognized non-FFO gains of $91 million. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold an additional 17 properties, providing another $104 million in proceeds.  We have made tremendous progress on the simplification front. During the quarter we sold three properties in Mexico for $110 million and have a contract on nine other Mexican assets which we expect to close by year end. Subsequent to quarter end, we completed our exit from Peru and expect to sell the remaining assets in Chile shortly. We remain on target to substantially complete our south of the border exit by the end of the year. As a reminder, only upon substantial liquidation of an investment in a foreign country can the impact of foreign currency translation gains or losses be recognized in earnings.  As of September 30, the unrealized loss due to currency associated with our Mexico and remaining South America assets was $127 million. This amount will fluctuate with changes in foreign exchange rates and the final impact of currency will not affect FFO at the time it is realized as it will apply to the respective gains and losses on the assets sold.  Continuing with the simplification theme, we reduced the number of joint venture properties by 19 during the quarter, with the acquisition of 10 assets from SEB, which now wholly owned and the sale of nine properties from the (inaudible) DRA and Mexican joint ventures. We recognize the change of control gain, which is not included in FFO of $14.4 million relating to the SEB assets acquired.  Subsequent to quarter end, we acquired seven properties from the joint venture with BIG and sold eight other properties from this joint venture. Overall we have reduced our joint venture properties from its peak of 552 properties to 342 properties today, a reduction of over $3 billion of gross real estate investment.  On the balance sheet front, our debt metrics and liquidity position remained in excellent shape, with net debt to recurring EBITDA at 5.6 times and over $1.4 billion of immediate liquidity available.  Lastly, we are pleased to announce that based on our 2014 performance, our board of directors has approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $0.24 per quarter up from $0.22.50 per quarter, an increase of 6.7% on an annualized basis.  Our FFO payout ratio will remain conservative in the mid 60% range, among the lowest in our peer group. And now I’ll turn over to Conor.
Flynn: Thanks Glenn. Good morning everyone. Today I’ll update our progress on acquisitions and depositions and then cover the operating metrics. Finally, I will recap the redevelopment progress for quarter.  Three major themes emerged this quarter. First, the demand for U.S real estate is robust, with private REITs, public REITs, international funds, private equity and high net worth individuals seeking out the safety and consistency in a volatile marketplace. This demand is driving cap rates lower and a disconnect exists on the pricing of an asset in the open market versus what is currently reflected in the net asset values in the public markets.  Second, in the small shop retailer, specifically the service sector is coming back to open air shopping centers in a higher than anticipated rate, accounting for 92% of the new leases signed this quarter. And third, multifamily development continues to push land prices higher. While this limits retail ground up development opportunities, it is beginning to result in future redevelopment opportunities, where we can take an existing open air center and potentially add a mixed use component to create more value for the long term Kimco shareholder. We continue to position the Kimco portfolio to take advantage of the urbanization effect.  As outlined in our press release, we acquired our partner SEB’s interests in 10 grocery anchored centers, primarily located in dense mid-Atlantic markets. After the close of the quarter, we completed the acquisition of our partner BIG’s interest in seven properties, while selling them our ownership in eight properties. This creative portfolio split adds six grocery anchored centers to our wholly owned portfolio. Six of these seven properties are located in California and one in Long Island. These two transactions continue our simplification strategy by reducing the number of properties in joint ventures, in addition to increasing the percentage of assets with a grocery component to 64.4%, up from prior year end of 58.6%.  Since the beginning of the year, we have acquired 32 properties out of our joint venture platform with a gross value in excess of $970 million making up the bulk of acquisitions so far this year. While we continue to analyze and track high quality opportunities in the open market within our key territories, we remain disciplined due to historic low cap rates and a plethora of capital chasing high quality deals. We will continue to mine for acquisitions with redevelopment opportunities, but anticipate being a net seller in the fourth quarter.  Turning to dispositions, during the third quarter we sold our ownership interest in 24 U.S properties, 17 wholly owned and seven held in joint ventures, totaling 2.4 million square feet for a gross sales price of $263 million, including $35 million of mortgage debt. The implied cap rate for these assets is a blended 7.5% and the company share of the proceeds from these sales was $205.4 million. Cap rate compression across all quality levels continues as investors large and small, domestic and international, are seeking safety in U.S real estate. We continue to execute on our stated strategy of transforming the portfolio by selling the lower quality and flat assets. So far this year we have sold 50 properties in the US at a blended 7.8% cap rate. We continue to take advantage of the ideal market conditions to exit our noncore assets. We anticipate a similar pace of dispositions to close up the year and are on track to complete the transformation and enhance the Kimco portfolio by the end of 2015.  Dispositions this quarter included triple net JV portfolio, a former K-mart boxes that we repositioned with national big box retailers and sold to a public REITs. In addition, the former Frank’s Nursery triple net portfolio in the mid-Atlantic has been repositioned with national junior anchors and sold to a private real estate company. Both of these portfolios were 100% occupied and sold into the hyper competitive triple net market. We will continue to bring other flat triple net properties to the market alongside noncore assets and continue to guide towards a blended eight cap for the year on our dispositions.  While the inventory of available spaces continue to diminish in the retail sector, our leasing team is undaunted as it produces an impressive velocity of deals, filling up the sparse amount of vacancies and replacing expiring leases at higher rents. In the third quarter we signed 188 new leases for a total of 843,000 gross square feet. The impact was evident as our U.S occupancy rose 50 basis points to 95.5% driven by positive net absorption.  Significant to note is that while our anchor occupancy is now at a striking 98.2%, up 40 basis points from last quarter and 80 basis points from the same quarter last year, it has been our small shop occupancy which has soared in 2014. Non-anchor occupancy is now up to 87%, up 70 basis points from last quarter and 230 basis points from the same quarter last year. This growth has been driven by both disposition and positive net absorption.  We are seeing a healthy return of local mom-and-pop businesses mixed with national retailers and franchisors. We executed 173 small shop deals in the third quarter, 53% of which were pure mom-and-pops retailers. Once again the population of small shop leases was heavy on service based industries such as restaurants, saloons and spas, personal fitness and medical practices. 36 restaurant leases were executed this quarter, with 20 of the 36 being mom-and-pops tenants. The other small shop uses driving occupancy include 12 medical leases, 11wireless communication stores, seven hair salons, seven nail salons and four reals estate related services. Health and wellness is now a fixture in the open air shopping center industry as we continue to expand relationships with national and regional tenants such as Aspen dental, The Joint Chiropractic, Orange Theory Fitness, Hand and Stone Massage, Massage Envy, Phoenix Salons and Salons by JC.  Another interesting trend is the recovery in the real estate service sector. Examples this quarter include deals with Sotheby's Realty and Stuart Title. The average base rent on the small shop portfolio is now $23.96, up $0.67 year to date. Our new leasing spreads were a healthy 10.2%, driven by positive spreads for all tenant types including junior anchors, mid shop and small shops. The average ramp per square foot for new leases in the third quarter was $16.98, 26% above our portfolio average base rent. Renewal and option spreads were 6.4%. Interesting to note that for the past two quarters our renewal spreads have been higher than our option spreads, indicating a jump in market rents. Our combined leasing spreads were 7.1%.  The positive impact redevelopment activity is having on the portfolio can be seen in the measurable improvements by a number of our key metrics, most notably same-site NOI where 35% of the growth was attributed to sites with redevelopment projects this quarter. In the third quarter, seven projects were completed with a gross cost of $12.5 million, adding incremental NOI of $942,000 for an ROI of 13.3%. Completed projects this quarter include Glenn Square where we redeveloped a large portion of the sites in anchorage Alaska for Bass Pro. After we positioned the asset, it was sold post quarter end, marking our exit from the Alaska market. Again we remain committed to operating a focused yet national portfolio. Seven more projects were promoted to the active status this quarter, with total gross cost of $9.5 million and a targeted ROI of 12.2%.  We are continuing to expand our redevelopment pipeline and this quarter added over $200 million of new projects to the pipeline. Currently our pipeline totals gross cost of over $1.1 billion, up from $919 million last quarter. We now have $324 million or 28% of active redevelopment projects, $596 million or 52% under design and entitlement review and $230 million or 20% in the evaluation phase.  Our retailer portfolio reviews reinforced the demand for high quality real estate and a significant lack of products in the market today. The supply and demand dynamic is creating a huge demand for high quality redevelopment projects at proven intersections. The value generation at these projects is twofold as we have created incremental NOI, but we have also added credit tenants and in many cases added a grocery component that further compresses the cap rate on the entire asset, leading to a higher net asset value. We now have four former K-Mart boxes that are active redevelopments, three in Florida and one in Saint Louis where we are demolishing the old boxes and adding tenants such as Whole Foods, TJX and Ross. Two of these were negotiated early termination. Analyzing the best use of our capital in the current environment continues to have all roads lead to redevelopment. In closing, I’m encouraged by the progress we have made on our stated strategy as we see it begin to produce results. As a bottom up real estate Company, our passion is to showcase the strength of our people and our real estate. The entrepreneurial culture at Kimco continues to create value for our shareholders and with a laser focus on what we do best, we are seeing it bear fruit.  And with that I will turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Thanks Conor. I will be very, very brief since our numbers speak for themselves. I’m pleased as punch over our team’s performance for this quarter. We are executing and delivering on all metrics and I believe that our transformation has greatly elevated the quality of our portfolio. As a result, I’m convinced that our portfolio is not only much more resilient to downturns, but that we have to lay the foundation to much stronger, long term upside. But what is most, most important is Kimco’s talented team of passionate professionals. They are the principle source of my optimism for our future.  And with that we are happy to take any questions.
David Henry: We’re ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call. We request that you respect the limit of one question so all callers have an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions you are welcome to rejoin the queue. Gary, you may take the first caller. 
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Given the near term completion of the Latin American portfolio sales, I'm wondering how the dispositions for 2015 will look in total when we compare them to 2014.
Glenn Cohen: Craig, it’s Glenn. I would say that the amount of disposition that you’ll see next year will be significantly less probably by about half. Disposition so far including Latin America, they’re in excess of $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion so far. So it will probably be less than half of that next year, primarily obviously focused on finishing up the U.S dispositions that we’ve target. 
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And are you seeing a lowering of cap rates on the stuff you're selling as well as the stuff you're looking to acquire?
David Henry: Yes, we are seeing it compress across all levels. It's pretty apparent that cap rates continue to drift lower regardless of quality. 
Milton Cooper: And part of that is driven by the financing being available for even the secondary assets out there. The CMBS market is back I think the estimates are that there will be 100 billion of CMBS done this year. That’s helping us dispose of the secondary assets. 
Operator: The next question comes from Christine McElroy with Citi. Please go ahead.
Christine McElroy – Citigroup: Hi, good morning, everyone. Looking at expected same-store NOI growth in Q4, would you expect another big impact from redevelopment? And Conor, as you laid out the redevelopment pipeline and everything you're working on, what sort of impact should we expect on a go-forward basis over the next year on same-store growth from redevelopment?
Conor Flynn: Yes, it’s a good question. Re-development definitely has become a bigger impact on the same site NOI figure and we anticipate that to continue. As we’ve shown, we’ve tried to ramp up the redevelopment pipeline. So as we see the deliveries come online, that’s where you are going to see it have the biggest impact on our same site NOI. So Q4 we do anticipate to have another, call it a third of an impact on the same site NOI figure. And we continue to see that being the case going forward as we deliver projects and continue to add new projects to the pipeline. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Morgan with MLV. Please go ahead.
Paul Morgan – MLV: Hi, good morning. Just sticking with the redevelopments, two things. First, you have roughly the dollar volume of capital that was invested that translates into that 170 basis point impact and then you added, if I got this right, a couple hundred million dollars to the pipeline this quarter, I think you said. Maybe that's a pretty big change. What was the catalyst there? Do you have any examples of some of the things that got added?
David Henry: Yeah, there were -- that’s a good question. There were two large projects that were added and that become active that was added. One was a termination with K- Mart in Orlando of a redevelopment project that became active and we have a signed lease with PGA to take a portion of the box and we’re negotiating with two junior anchors to take the remaining portion of that asset. And then a large that we actually enhance the scale and size of a redevelopment that’s under entitlement right now which is Highland Plaza which is located in Staten Island. We’ve elected to make that a much larger redevelopment project and add more density there. We also added both sides of scale to our Pentagon project which is also under entitlement. And we are negotiating shipping entitlements, what was previously entitled as an office redevelopment, we are now switching it to apartments and we are adding size and scale to that property as well. So those are the three major movers.
Paul Morgan – MLV: Did you have the other part?
Glenn Cohen: We’ll have to get back to you to get you a specific amount of what was invested that generated the 170 basis point increase in same site. That's just not sitting here our fingertips. 
Operator: The next question comes from, and please pardon me for any mispronunciation, Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley: That's okay, Operator. It's not the first time, but I appreciate your effort. Hey guys. My question is, you've done quite a bit this year in the portfolio transformations. So I'm curious on how you'd grade yourself on the execution, on the pace, the pricing versus your expectations a year ago. Have they come in on target, better pricing, better pace? I guess should we assume that going forward your transactions will be more opportunistic in nature now that the bulk of the work is done as you mentioned earlier in your call? Do you have any specific strategic goals, perhaps increasing NOI or exposure in certain areas of the country as we look into potential investments for 2015 and beyond?
Conor Flynn: I guess let’s take them one at a time. If you recall we decided early this year to accelerate the disposition. So we give ourselves high marks for actually accelerating the pace of what we’ve done. And we’ve been able to move a lot of assets out into immediately a good market to sell assets. So we think we’ve taken good advantage of the window that’s opened to sell assets. And as buyers get frustrated for the A assets, there are looking at the B assets in some of these secondary cities. So we’ve been able to play well into that. So I think we’d give ourselves a high grade for that. In terms of recycling the capital that’s coming in, we’ve always been very selective about what we are buying in a market where prices are quite high.  And that’s why many of our acquisitions have been from our existing joint ventures where we know the assets and we can save money both with assumption fees and brokerage fees and transfer costs and things like that by negotiating with our institutional partners, who in many case have made a nice profit anyway on these assets. We’ve been selective. We know it’s a good time to be careful in buying assets. We do like to try to go after assets that have redevelopment upsides. So that’s one of the things we look at in an era of low cap rates that’s what we are trying to do. As we get to the end and we think by the end of ‘15 we’ll be largely done the disposition program. So we will have a Tier 1 portfolio if you will that we are very proud of. So the amount of recycling capital will slow down.
David Henry: And on the strategic investments, I think you will continue to see us acquire in our key territories. Boston portfolio this year was a good example of something that we think we can add significant value to and is actually performing ahead of even our own expectations. And then you will see us acquire more adjacent parcels where that we can add significant density to our existing portfolio and play off of assets that we know and love and can use that as to grow our redevelopment pipeline.
Operator.: The next question come from Jason White with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Jason White: I just had a question on small shops. You said that mom-and-pop small shop demand was up quite a bit. I'm wondering if that is truly a change in demand or if it's a change in leasing strategy, whereas you're leasing to those folks now, but potentially you were looking for different tenants before. And then maybe also on the same topic, if you can break down the organic leasing in small shops versus the portfolio change with dispositions.
- Green Street Advisors: I just had a question on small shops. You said that mom-and-pop small shop demand was up quite a bit. I'm wondering if that is truly a change in demand or if it's a change in leasing strategy, whereas you're leasing to those folks now, but potentially you were looking for different tenants before. And then maybe also on the same topic, if you can break down the organic leasing in small shops versus the portfolio change with dispositions.
David Henry: It’s a good question. The actual -- we have actually been targeting both the national franchises as well as the small shop operators because I think it’s important as you look at your offering in your shopping center, that you try and offer something that lends itself to the local community that’s also a little different than the normal names you see in every single strip center that you drive by. It’s a strategy of ours that we think it adds a little something extra to connect to the local community. It’s more of a demand function and we really have been pushing that and believe that that’s a nice way to add an additional offering to our shopping center. In terms of the breakdown of the occupancy versus dispositions, it was about half and half in terms of the small shop occupancy on what was pure net absorption versus disposition. 
Milton Cooper: One of the catalysts for small shops coming back in our opinion is the community banking system has gotten more aggressive about lending to local businesses. They’ve now recovered nicely from the recession. So they are a little more aggressive about letting a jewelry store expand to a second store or a drycleaner expand to a second and so forth. And also as housing recovers a little bit, the home equity lines of credit are being increasingly available. Our sources of capital now too for the mom-and-pops to grow again. 
Operator: The next comes from Jim Sullivan with Cowen Group. Please go ahead. 
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: A couple of questions relating to redevelopment of that pipeline that you talked about, Conor. With a combination of declining cap rates on transactions and apparently very high yields on your redevelopment, appears that there’s a very significant value creation opportunity here. In the supplement, it is indicated that the range of yields on redevelopment is from a low of 8.5 to a high of 16 or so. And I think on the projects that were completed this quarter you talked about a number in the middle of that. I just wonder from the standpoint of calculating value creation, is that 12% to 13% number a number on average that you think is fair to use going forward? And the second part of the question is, you’ve talked about multifamily potentially being inserted or combined with some of these developments. Does the range of yield that you are talking about include any multifamily products?
Conor Flynn: I would guide you that on average it will be closer to a 10% number. Now certain projects obviously will be higher than that. Some will be lower as well. On an average I would guide you to the 10% to use that. Definitely there are a few projects within our pipeline that we have started working on that could add a multifamily. Most of them are in the entitlement phase. We are still analyzing all of our different elements that go into that, what’s the best way to approach unlocking the most value. And those will probably be -- depending on what tact we have for those, if we go out with the ground lease to an apartment developer, that will actually have a higher yield because it’s no cost for us and they will take on the construction and development risk. Or if we decide to do something different, that might also alter the returns there. I think blended as a 10 is still the best way to model our future redevelopment pipeline. 
Operator: The nest question comes from Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Are you seeing any influx of interest from traditional mall tenants in space at your centers? 
Conor Flynn:  We have. That’s been a trend that’s been really been occurring now for probably a few years as it’s happening across all grades of malls. So the A malls are getting to a point where their occupancy costs are so high that they have now started to test the waters in terms of shifting over to open air shopping centers that are surrounding the mall to see if they can see the sales transfer and still make the business make sense. The B malls clearly have come under a lot of pressure and there’s now less leverage from the Simons of the world to be able to I guess keep the B mall tenants in place where they have them in A malls. In order to keep them in the B malls they have that type of leverage over them. So we are starting to see that as well as I would say outlet tenants. Outlet tenants have now started to migrate as well to the open air shopping center. We’ve seen that in one of our assets where we just recently did a Talbot's outlet as well a Chico’s outlet. So you are starting to see a blend come from multiple different disciplines and it's really benefiting the open air shopping center in our opinion.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Who's the most prolific taker of space, Conor?
Conor Flynn: Gap is one that clearly is interested in moving and they’ve seen that that’s worked for them in the past. So they would be probably the most active of that. And there’s, Torrid is also active and a few others that -- the jewelers that come out of the malls as well seems to see some nice sales transfer.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Peterson with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Ryan Peterson - Sandler O'Neill: Good morning. Just one question. Given the retrenchment of the tenure recently, have you guys noticed any change in behavior from your JV partners, either more willing to sell their stakes to you or the reverse, no longer interested in selling them back?
Milton Cooper: Not really. We’ve been proactive about talking with our institutional partners and the ones that have been game to talk we are continuing to talk. And as we’ve mentioned in prior calls, we have certain JV partners that are long term holders and are not interested. I think with interest rates trending down yet again, it just shows that cap rates continue to drift down for particularly the very best properties. Valuations are up and there’s just a lot of interest in real estate as a hard asset and is something that yields comparatively well with other alternatives.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim with Sun Trust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just a quick question on Sears. Could you just provide a little bit of a status report on how your dialogue is going on with Sears and maybe talk a little bit about how many boxes you expect to get back in the reasonable future? One thing I noticed in your disclosure was that it seems like you provided some sub lease disclosure in your footnotes regarding Sears maybe doing some of their own sub leasing to other retailers, if you could talk about that as well. Thank you.
Ray Edwards: Hi, this is Ray Edwards. Kimco has about 30 sites with Sears and K-mart. The interesting thing is of them, over half of them, they have lease expiration coming up in the next three to five years. For us, we also have an additional benefit that three or four locations, which are in terrific locations, they have no further options, for example Staten Island. We have one in LA. We're very excited about our opportunity with those sites. Over the years we've had a lot of dialogue with K-mart and Sears regarding opportunities. We did, a few years ago, do a site in Pompano Beach with them where we bought back the location. We've done that. We are talking to them about some other sites as well. We are actually working with them in a joint venture on an old product service center that we rezoned as potential development site that we've been partners with them for five or six years.  So we go back a long way with Sears in trying to seek opportunities with them. Currently, I think our average rent for the K-mart is about $5.30 a foot. So it's a very low rent. We see a lot of upside in a number of our centers. But on the flip side for Sears, they do have a couple of locations with us that do great sales. While they are closing stores, I think about 140 or so in this fiscal year, most of them through lease expirations that they've had, a couple deals that they've done. But they are trying to trim their properties, but we have sites with them like we have in Bridge Hampton, we're doing terrific sales. That is a great location that will be very difficult to get back for us, but there are other opportunities for us in the marketplace and we're talking to them about some sites to see if we can do some transactions. 
David Henry: It's an open dialogue. This is something that’s been going on for a long period of time and we continue to see them try to sub lease positions where they can get a nice spread on their existing rent. And then where we have tenants lined up we continue to talk to them about potential termination agreements. So we continue to keep the open dialogue and think they will be more coming as we believe it’s a nice pipeline of future redevelopment opportunities for us.
Ki Bin Kim – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: You said of the half that's coming due in three to five years, they don't have options on those? 
Ray Edwards: On four or five they don't have any options. The others they do, but some of those stores, it's very possible we could work out a deal for them not to exercise their option if we have a redevelopment opportunity on them. Obviously they are very flexible about sites and where they want to be in five years.
Operator: The next question comes from Linda Tsai with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Linda Tsai – Barclays Capital: The dynamic that you described on why traditional A and B mall tenants are moving into shopping centers, would you consider this a secular trend that is likely not to reverse any time soon? And then just secondarily, do you see an overall pop in traffic when you introduce these traditional mall-based tenants?
David Henry: It’s tough to know if it’s going to reverse itself. I think that at the current state of where we are in the real estate environment, there’s become -- I think our open air shopping centers have become really the preference for millennials and for others because they enjoy the campus type of environment. As that trend occurs maybe that will continue, but again it’s hard to know whether or not it’s going to reverse itself. Right now we think that our suite of tenants that we deal with on a day to day basis are extremely healthy and are growing and you can see that their sales continue to perform well. We think that as we add different types of mall tenants to that it will enhance the surrounding retail and it will bring a nice dynamic to our shopping centers. But again it’s tough to know if it will reverse. 
Glenn Cohen: And then you have to keep it in perspective on the numbers. There’s about 115,000 neighborhood and community shopping centers and about 1,000 malls. It’s not like the 1,000 malls and the tenants in those 1,000 malls make a huge dramatic shift into 115,000 properties. You’ve just got to keep it in some perspective. 
Linda Tsai – Barclays Capital: And then the traffic?
David Henry: The traffic as I said, it does enhance our property if we can bring something different to the table. It’s nice to be able to mix and match an offering with a Nordstrom Rack of the world but then with also a potential jeweler from an enclosed mall that will enhance the surrounding retail. You really want to look at what the local community is in need of and then provide it to them with the best offering of choice.
 Operator : The next question is from Ross Nussbaum with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Metz – UBS: Hi, good morning. It's Jeremy. I'm just wondering, now that you sold a lot of your lower tier assets and your occupancy is back above 95%, should we see the releasing spreads move into double digit territory next year and what is the current mark-to-market for the portfolio?
David Henry: It’s a good point we definitely have because I would say close to stabilized occupancy in our anchor pipeline. That being said, we do have over 40 anchor leases coming due in the next year without options that we believe are below market. The average base rent on those boxes is well below our anchor average base rent. We still believe our upside is significant because of our below market rents due to the history of the company being a long term owner of shopping centers. We still have some of these K-marts that average base rents of $5 a foot. As we mark-to-market that we think there’s still a significant embedded upside. 
Operator: The next question is follow up from Jim Sullivan with Cowen Group. Please go ahead. 
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: In David's prepared comments, he talked particularly about the demand growth from restaurants and restaurants haven't been as big of a factor in your tenant list as is the case with some of your peers. I'm just wondering to what extent we can expect that to change, whether this is material or whether this is just at the margin. If it does change, to what extent are these deals more TI intensive?
David Henry: I think it’s more of a set the margin right now. The restaurants are definitely still a large portion of the retailer world that’s taking space. They are very aggressive on upfront parcels. They have taken almost a role of financial institutions or banks that used to be the highest payer for the upfront parcel. When those pads become available it’s usually a bidding frenzy between the Chick-fil-A's of the world and others that really want that upfront visibility as well as drive-throughs. You are seeing that continue and I would say that if you look over a longer period, you’ll see that restaurants continue to be a more substantial part of the portfolio. 
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: And where they take in-line space, are the TI dollars significantly higher?
David Henry: Some will take in-line space. Panera Bread is a good example where we’ve been successful in putting them on end caps and putting them in a location where typically pad users wouldn’t locate. But again they have also changed their model a little bit now because Panera is now wanting to include a drive-through. So it just depends on the strength of the real estate that if they want to be in the location bad enough, they typically tend to change their model and make it work. TIs I think is something that restaurants are definitely the heaviest in terms of Tis. It goes -- typically when we have a bake and restaurant, we obviously target to replace it with another restaurant so the TIs aren’t as heavy. But when you do a new build out, there is no question about it, they’re the heaviest in TIs.
Milton Cooper: But the pricing power is there also from the landlord side. We are able to get good rents to offset that. 
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: Okay, very good. 
David Henry: Many of the pad users, many of the restaurants that want the pads typically prefer to ground lease. So the Chick-fil-A's of the world, those are typically ground leases where the landlord costs are minimal. It’s just pad prep. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lina Rudashevski with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Lina Rudashevski – JPMorgan: Hi there. I was just wondering, when you look to 2015, how do you think net investment activity will compare to this year?
Glenn Cohen: Net investment activity, again we think that our disposition side will be significantly less. The acquisition side will probably be less also. Again this year when you look at all the acquisition activity we’ve acquired on a gross, close to $1.2 billion, primarily buying out joint venture partners. I would guess that it’s also going to be scaled back unless there’s a great acquisition that’s very, very accretive. Again the cap rate environment is very challenging today. Everything is very, very expensive and we are looking for assets that have real upside growth in them. Tough to find, so when we look at it say I would expect it to be somewhat muted than what we’ve seen this year.
Conor Flynn: And as rents continue to increase, that redevelopment pipeline we have will continue to increase and that’s our first choice of where we deploy capital.
David Henry: I would just add, we always get our fair share of acquisitions. We seem to be able to continue to leverage our relationships in our long standing history, whether it’s through with retailers or whether it’s through with owners, both public and private. We continue to find our fair share of acquisitions and we still have quite a bit of JV opportunities that we think we can harvest next year.
 Lina Rudashevski – JPMorgan: Okay. And by what magnitude do you think the pace might decrease?
Glenn Cohen: Again, it’s tough to tell. I would think that the -- again on the disposition side. I think it will be somewhere around half. Opportunities come and go. So on the acquisition side it’s a little tough to tell. We haven’t finished remodeling out what we expect to attempt to acquire. But what we’ve been doing is to the extent that we have sold assets and raised whatever capital, we’ve been redeploying that, primarily focused on putting it into our redevelopment programs, some new developments that we’re targeting and then where we can be the buyer of a joint venture partner or buy one-off assets. Tough to figure.
Lina Rudashevski – JPMorgan: Thank you.
David Henry: I would just add that it is opportunity driven and at the current market, we prefer not to issue equity. We try to self-fund our developments and acquisitions because we think we‘re still trading at a discount. So to me that is critical in terms of continuing to push our internal portfolio to the next level by redevelopment and continuing to enhance it. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tammi Fique with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tammi Fique - Wells Fargo: Hi. Just following up on the redevelopment discussion. What are the per square foot capital requirements for releasing the anchor boxes like the K-marts that you discussed? And then maybe along those same lines, what are the expected yields on those projects? Are they within that 10% range that you discussed? Thank you.
Glenn Cohen: The average cost range on the K–marts boxes, depending on obviously the tenants that are going in, because many times we are demolishing it and starting from scratch. So it can range from$70 to $100 a foot depending on the tenant fit out and the amount of spaces that you are chopping off to really reposition it.
David Henry: The point is that we do have to divide the box or we’re not.
Tammi Fique - Wells Fargo: Okay and then the yield –
Glenn Cohen: From a yield standpoint, again we are not doing them if they are only going to yield3% or 4%. We really are focused on doing this redevelopments where they are going to yield 8% plus. 
David Henry: Yeah. To that point we sold two K-marts this quarter where we thought the average base rent was above market and we thought there was limited upside. So we elected to move out of them. .
Operator: The next question comes from Greg Schweitzer of DB. Please go ahead.
Greg Schweitzer – DB: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just going back to some of the leasing trends, on the mall type tenants, what sort of rents have you been getting versus the $23 small shop ABI average?
David Henry: Sorry. Could you repeat that? The mall -- which tenants?
Greg Schweitzer – DB: On the mall type tenants, what sort of rents have you been able to achieve versus the average small shop rent in the portfolio?
David Henry: The mall tenants, yeah, they definitely have been paying significantly higher because they are used to mall type rents. That’s the beauty of it. They can still reduce their occupancy cost but as a whole when retailers look at their rents it's more of an all-in number. They’re looking at their triple nets as well. So our triple nets comparing to the mall triple nets are much, much lower. When you look at the all-in comparison, they can continue to pay pretty high rents in the 25 to 30, but triple nets are lower. So an all-in occupancy cost is still achievable for them in terms of transfer.
Greg Schweitzer – DB: Okay. Then with the continued traction that you've made on the small shop side, particularly with the mom-and-pops, any update on where you see overall small shop occupancy over the next one to two years?
David Henry: Yeah. Our goal is 90%, which I think is very much achievable as they continue to trend and the pace continues. We’re very, very focused on that and it’s something that we are geared off to to try and achieve. We’ve been a leasing company for a long, long time and this is what we do best. So I think we are well positioned to take advantage of that. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thanks Garry. To everyone that participated on our call today, as a reminder additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental that’s also posted to our website. Have a good day today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Conor C. Flynn - Chief Operating Officer, Chief Investment Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sameer Kanal Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Ryan Peterson Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corporation Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Go ahead, sir.
David F. Bujnicki: Thank you, all, for joining Kimco's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer; Conor Flynn, Chief Operating Officer; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties, and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning, and thank you very much for calling in this morning. We are very pleased to report strong second quarter results. Glenn and Conor will provide specific details, but our operating metrics continue to be excellent, led by significant increases in portfolio occupancy, including small shop space, and our 16th straight quarter of solid leasing spreads for both new leases and renewals. With respect to the retail industry overall, the fundamentals remain strong with effective rents and occupancy improving across the board. National retailers continue to expand in the face of population growth, positive GDP, and limited new retail supply. The annual ICSC shopping center convention in Las Vegas in May was upbeat with attendance and the number of exhibitors increasing over prior years. Given the increase in market rents, we are beginning to see the first signs of new development activity, although by no means near the size and scope of the large speculative projects built prior to 2009. In general, national retailers have found effective online strategies to complement their physical store presence, and the top 3 retailers in online sales growth all have physical stores, Macy's, Walmart and Apple. Overall, it is encouraging to note that retail sales per person have increased by 16% from the prior peak in 2008. Consumer confidence now is at the highest level since October 2007, and retailers, in general, are very optimistic about the back-to-school shopping season. Looking at the neighborhood and community shopping center sector itself, the industry is strong and healthy. And we believe most of our retail tenants fall in the internet-resistant category as they generally focus on necessity-based goods and services. Services alone account for 2/3 of consumer spending and are growing. Restaurants, dry cleaners, health clubs, urgent care centers, nail salons are all examples of products and services that are very difficult to obtain in an e-commerce world. In terms of our strategy, we continue to be focused on what we call TSR+: T for transformation in terms of upgrading our portfolio, S for simplification as we exit Latin America and reduce the number of our joint ventures, and R for redevelopment or our pipeline of active redevelopment projects is approaching $1 billion with excellent projected returns. And finally we have our plus business, which very selectively invest in retailers who own much of their real estate. This has been a small but opportunistic and very profitable part of our company for many years and provides synergies, knowledge and experience dealing with retailers of all types. As outlined in our earnings release, we have made notable progress across the board acquiring full ownership of many portfolios of high-quality retail assets by purchasing the interests of our institutional partners in existing joint ventures. Most recently SEB, KIF and LaSalle, with BIG scheduled to close soon. Overall, since the bottom of the recession in 2009, Kimco has purchased full equity ownership in 88 properties totaling $2.3 billion in gross value from existing joint venture partners. Many of these acquisitions were completed at very favorable cap rates due to timing and the cost savings involved in loan assumptions, transfer taxes and the lack of third-party brokers being involved. Supplementing these acquisitions of existing Kimco-managed assets, we have also selectively acquired excellent retail properties from third parties in strong long-term markets such as Boston, Charlotte and Raleigh. Combined with the aggressive sales of secondary retail assets in our U.S. portfolio, now 180 sites comprising approximately 18 million square feet since late 2010, our portfolio has been transformed, with much improved demographics, higher average rents and increased portfolio occupancy. These actions taken together have created a significantly superior national portfolio of excellent retail properties with robust projected NOI growth and significant redevelopment opportunities. For those interested in the status of Kimco's participation in the previously announced pending merger of Albertsons and Safeway, the transaction remains under FTC review, but our partnership is cautiously optimistic of closing the merger by year end. The Safeway shareholders voted overwhelmingly to approve the transaction on July 25. With respect to Latin America, we closed another portfolio sale of 4 retail properties in the second quarter, and the announced sale at the Fibra shop of 3 more retail properties should close shortly. In addition we have a signed letter of intent for 9 additional Mexico shopping centers, which will leave us with only 1 large shopping center in Mexico not currently under contract or letter of intent, although we do have a number of interested parties reviewing this asset. As a result, we continue to be on track to sell essentially all of our Latin American properties by year end. Fortunately, the market for Mexican REITs, known as Fibras, continues to be strong with substantial demand for existing income property type -- of all types. Looking quickly at Canada. Our Canadian portfolio remains a strong and solid contributor to our earnings, notwithstanding the recent softness of the Canadian dollar. Our Canadian properties remain well occupied at 95.9% with leasing spreads of 10.4% and same-site NOI growth of 3.6% before currency. There are also several significant redevelopment opportunities in the Canadian portfolio. And now, Glenn will outline our specific financial results for the quarter, to be followed by Conor's discussion of our portfolio results, and then Milton, as usual, will provide some high-level observations.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. Let me provide some detail on the results reported last night. As a reminder, we use the term FFO as adjusted to represent recurring FFO, which excludes transactional income and expense and nonoperating impairments. Headline FFO represents the official NAREIT definition. FFO as adjusted per share was $0.35 for the second quarter, up from $0.34 last quarter and $0.35 a year ago. For the 6 months ended, FFO as adjusted per share was $0.69 as compared to $0.67 last year, a 3% increase. The key drivers of our second quarter FFO as adjusted performance were attributable to increased U.S. shopping center NOI of approximately $19 million from higher occupancy levels and increased rental rates, coupled with contributions from the significant acquisition activity completed. We also benefited from lower interest expense of $2.2 million as a result of the reduced borrowing costs on our recent debt issuances. These increases were reduced by the sales of the InTown Suites investment and the American Industries portfolios last year, which contributed $11 million of FFO to the second quarter last year. In addition, NOI was reduced by $8.5 million from the sales of the assets in Mexico and Latin America. Headline FFO per share for the second quarter was $0.34, which includes $2 million of transactional income associated with the gains on land sales and promotes earned on the disposition of preferred equity interests. Headline FFO also includes $4 million of transactional expenses related to acquisition costs, and severance related to the wind down of our Latin America operations. The property operations team delivered strong operating results this quarter. U.S. occupancy reached 95%, up 30 basis points from last quarter and up 110 basis points from a year ago. This is the highest occupancy level in 5.5 years, and we believe we have room to improve it further. Combined occupancy now stands at 94.8%, up 30 basis points from last quarter and up 110 basis points from a year ago. Combined same-site NOI growth was 2.8% before the negative impact of currency of 80 basis points. Same-site NOI growth for the U.S. was 2.5%, in line with our internal forecast. We expect stronger same-site NOI growth levels for the third and fourth quarters, based on the strong leasing and occupancy gains over the past year. We are maintaining our full year guidance of same-site NOI growth in the range of 2.5% to 3.5%. We continued to acquire high-quality properties in denser, higher-income markets from third-parties and our joint venture partners. Year-to-date, we've acquired 26 new properties for a gross price of $393 million, and the remaining interest in 25 properties from our joint venture partners valued at $777 million, including the recently closed SEB portfolio. We furthered our recycling program efforts with the disposition of 15 U.S. nonstrategic properties for a gross sales price of $186 million during the quarter. We recognized non-FFO gains totaling $107.8 million during the quarter from property sales and the KIF portfolio transaction. In addition, as a result of our accelerated and shortened expected hold period, we reviewed book values of over 170 properties and took non-FFO impairments of $85.7 million on those assets where we believe the fair market value is less than the book value. Please keep in mind there are substantial non-FFO gains that will be realized upon the sale of the assets which were not written down. We are in the final phase of our exit of Latin America, with under $400 million remaining after the completed sale Dave mentioned. We have a contract for the sale of 3 properties for $96 million, our share, which is expected to close shortly. In addition, we have an LOI for the sale of 9 more properties in Mexico for $167 million, and in negotiations to sell our last asset in Chile. As we have previously disclosed, under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, not until a company substantially liquidates its investment in a foreign country can the impact of foreign currency translation gains or losses be recognized in earnings. As of June 30, the unrealized loss due to currency associated with our Mexico and South American assets was $117 million. The final impact of currency will apply to the respective gains and losses on the sales of these operating properties and will not affect FFO at the time it is recognized. Our acquisition target range for the year is $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, which has been substantially completed. And our disposition target range, including Mexico and South America sales, is $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. We continue to keep our balance sheet metrics and liquidity position in excellent shape. Early in the second quarter, we issued a $500 million 7-year bond at a coupon of 3.2%, using the proceeds to repay higher coupon maturing mortgage debt and unsecured bonds. We ended the quarter with net debt to recurring EBITDA of 5.8x, in our target range of 5.5x to 6x, and fixed charge coverage of 3x. Also, we have over $1.4 billion of immediate liquidity available to us through cash on hand and our revolving credit facility. With respect to guidance, we are reaffirming our 2014 guidance range of FFO as adjusted per share of $1.36 to $1.40, with a bias towards the midpoint of $1.38. The guidance range includes the dilutive impact from the acceleration of dispositions and the exit from Latin America, as well as the positive impact from the significant acquisition activity and refinancing savings. With that, I'll turn it over to Conor.
Conor C. Flynn: Thanks, Glenn. Today I will update our progress on acquisitions and disposition, and then cover the progress on our redevelopments. Finally, I will recap the leasing and operations activity for the quarter. As outlined in our press release, we had a very active second quarter, acquiring a large portfolio in Boston and buying out our partners from the Kimco Income Fund. After the quarter end, we also bought our partner SEB's interest in 10 properties. Since the beginning of the second quarter, we have acquired 46 properties with a gross value in excess of $950 million, primarily in our key territories. The quality and demographics of these assets are excellent, and the blended cap rate is 6.2%. While we are active in the open market, we are proceeding with caution due to historic low cap rates and continue to search for acquisitions with redevelopment opportunities that will allow our skilled associates the opportunity to unlock value for our shareholders. Recent transactions on high-quality assets reflect aggressive pricing, making our redevelopment pipeline an even more attractive use of our capital right now. Turning to dispositions. During the second quarter, Kimco's sold ownership interest in 15 U.S. properties, 7 wholly-owned and 8 held in joint ventures, totaling 1.7 million square feet for a gross sales price of $185.6 million, including $23.3 million of mortgage debt. The implied cap rate for these assets is a blended 7.4%, and the company's share of the proceeds from these sales is $121.5 million. Cap rates continue to compress across all quality levels as the thirst for yield has investors stepping out on the risk spectrum in search of places to put capital to work. I'm pleased with the pace of our dispositions so far this year, as we have sold 37 properties at a blended 7.8% cap rate and are taking advantage of the ideal market conditions to exit our noncore assets. In the first half of the year, we have been a net acquirer in the U.S. But we expect to be a net seller in the second half by completing the sale of multiple portfolios and individual assets that are currently under contract. We currently have 44 properties in the U.S. that are under contract, totaling approximately $325.8 million at an implied cap rate of 8.5%. We have prioritized the dispositions of our low-growth assets and our at-risk assets. An example of this during the quarter includes flat long-term triple net leases, 2 with Winn-Dixie in Louisiana, and 1 with Costco at a center in Ogden, Utah, marking our exit from the state of Utah. Another example is a center we recently sold in West Palm Beach, Florida, that has a Kmart at above market rents in a location where the retail note has shifted dramatically. Bidders on these properties include public and private REITs, pension funds, high net worth individuals, international and 1031 buyers. We are cautiously optimistic that our transformation to a Tier 1 portfolio will be substantially executed over the next year. Redevelopment projects enable us to optimize the operating performance of our core real estate holdings and continue to generate accretive returns on our invested capital. The strength of our real estate holdings provide us with an incredible opportunity to unlock value by understanding the highest and best use and delivering a superior product to fit the needs of the local community. Our redevelopment projects include multiple improvements that will create an environment that engages and focuses on the customer experience, which is critical in today's world. All of our redevelopment projects include a significant change to the footprint of the asset. Alongside adding density, redevelopments also include site upgrades that will reduce capital expenditures for many years to come. With a focus on sustainability and asset repositioning, we have improved site lighting with LED upgrades and gateway controls that have produced energy savings of 18%. We are now integrating mobile irrigation controls, mobile lighting controls, and Wi-Fi enabling our assets to provide our shoppers a greener, safer, and omnichannel-connected environment. Specialty grocers continued to expand and perform above the expectations, giving us the ability to add a grocery anchor to sites that have never before had all the benefits of a grocery component. This blurring of lines across traditional grocery-anchored centers and power centers bodes well for our portfolio. The percent of our portfolio with a grocery component, based on ABR, is now 63.7%, up from 58.6% at the end of 2013. Recent deals with Whole Foods, Sprouts, Fresh Thyme Farmers Market and Lucky's provide a luxury that we previously did not have in our power centers. A specialty grocery will help drive sales to our surrounding retailers, and improve Kimco's net asset value as more and more of our shopping centers become grocery anchored. The retailer demand is significant for these opportunities, and a great example is where we have 2 redevelopments in Florida, Tri-City Plaza in Largo, and Renaissance Center in Altamonte Springs, where the centers are close to 100% pre-leased with Whole Foods, LA Fitness, Sports Authority, Ross and PETCO all before breaking ground. We are continuing to expand our redevelopment pipeline, and this quarter added over $100 million of new projects to the pipeline. Currently, our pipeline totals $919 million, up from $792 million last quarter. We now have $314 million of active redevelopment projects, $344 million of projects under design and entitlement review, and $261 million in the evaluation phase. I am encouraged by the progress we have made to date and believe there is more to come as we comb the existing portfolio for opportunities to recapture boxes that call for a higher and better use, and focus our acquisitions to require a redevelopment component. Before diving into leasing metrics for the quarter, I would just like to say that the U.S. same-site NOI growth of 2.5% did receive a nice pop of 40 basis points from redevelopments that we delivered this quarter. Thanks to our prolific dealmakers, the leasing volume continues to show no signs of slowing down, as we signed 183 new leases for a total of 916,000 gross square feet. U.S. occupancy rose 30 basis points to 95%, driven by a 29 basis point gain via positive net absorption and only 1 basis point gain due to dispositions. This is a great data point showcasing the hard work done by our team to fill up our remaining vacancies. Drilling down. Anchor occupancy increased 20 basis points pro-rata to 97.8% compared to the prior quarter, and a few notable new leases this quarter include TJ Maxx, Ross, Bed Bath & Beyond, CVS, LA Fitness, Fila, Peretas and Sports Authority. Small shop occupancy increased 70 basis points pro-rata to 86.3% compared to the prior quarter and is up 200 basis points pro-rata compared to the same quarter last year. The small shop leasing recovery continues to be led by a mix of service-based tenants and restaurants. Multiple deals this quarter were executed with national small shop operators, such as Chipotle and AT&T, in addition to regional players, including MOD Pizza and multiple deals with franchisees such as Subway and Jersey Mike's. Of note, we also completed 91 deals with pure mom-and-pop retailers out of a total of 161 small shop leases, a good indicator that local business is bouncing back, predominantly hair and nail salons and 10 new medical deals. Our average base rent for small shops on the entire portfolio now sits at $23.75 a foot, up $0.46 from the beginning of the year. I would also like to welcome a new tenant to our portfolio this quarter, Expedia.com. An Expedia franchisee rented a small shop from us in North Carolina, where they plan to staff the space to help customers with their travel needs. We take this as a sign that if it helps their business, online vendors will continue to open brick-and-mortar locations. Our new leasing spreads of 13.3% pro-rata was driven by across-the-board double-digit positive spreads on junior anchors, mid-sized shops and small shops. The average base rents on new deals was $15.93 pro-rata, which is 20% above our current average base rent. Renewals and options leasing spreads posted a 8.2% pro-rata increase, and overall leasing spreads in the U.S. increased 9.7%. In closing, the asset base at Kimco has never been stronger, and our operations team is aligned and focused on showcasing what we do best. If you get a chance to visit a Kimco Center, I hope you notice the difference. We have received 10 city beautification awards this year and our pride of ownership is evident. We intend to give our everyday shoppers the ultimate shopping experience to keep them coming back time and time again. And with that, I will turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well, thank you, Conor. From time to time over the years I have trumpeted the fact that, as compared to other real estate assets, one of the unique attributes of neighborhood community shopping centers is the very, very high ratio of land to total value. The typical shopping center is comprised of a one-story building and 5x as much land as the square footage of the building's footprint. The land component often exceeds the parking requirements, and thus becomes an additional asset. In a growing economy, land is one of the best and least risky long-term investments. It is irreplaceable, indestructible and a natural hedge against inflation. And as the land increases in values, it allows the center's extra land to be set aside for a land bank, as I like to say, for additional investment opportunities. In the meantime, the revenue generated from the improvements covers the real estate taxes and other tariff costs and other carrying costs of the land. Today the opportunities that land banking affords us can take many forms, including the expansion of existing centers, development of our parcels, sales to third parties and possibly mixed-use development. As markets change and evolve, it is incumbent upon us to make sure that we are maximizing each asset's value in order to maximize top shareholder return. In addition to our redevelopment projects spearheaded by Conor, we have on occasion drawn down from our land bank to unlock additional value in a mixed-use context. Where the opportunities for mixed-use projects exist, we are careful to make sure that any non-retail component enhances the primary retail component. It is this synergy that increases the overall asset's value. So for example, in 2 quality centers in Washington, D.C. and Boca Raton, we are working with the best-in-class developers to build residential apartments on excess land that we believe will create more demand for our centers' tenants, and overall, to create a better asset for long-term. Let me be specific. In Pentagon Plaza, just outside Washington, D.C, a 750-apartment project is under consideration. And in Boca Raton, Florida, we are looking at 300 residential units to complement our shopping center. We are also considering a smaller residential project in Columbia, Maryland, which we believe will further enhance our existing retail center. Now in another instance, in the Bronx, in a shopping center that lies in the shadows of Yankee Stadium, adjacent to the Bronx County Courthouse or Bronx Municipal Building, in one of the densest parts of New York City, we built with a partner on excess land that we own behind the retail center, a five-story, 67,000 square foot office building. Our ability to unlock additional value in our current portfolio can play an important part in our future growth. And given the size of our portfolio, and the length of ownership of many of our properties, some have been owned for more than 50 years, I am confident that we will continue to find value-creation opportunities within our portfolio. And with that, we'll be happy to take any questions.
David B. Henry: As Milton indicated, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Paul Morgan from MLV.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: If I heard you right, the 44 assets that are under contract were at an 8.5 cap rate, is that right?
David B. Henry: That's correct.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Is there anything that's higher than what you're blended number has been? Is there anything in terms of the mix that's noteworthy there? I mean, obviously you've been talking about cap rates across the quality spectrum compressing. And as we think about in the rest of the year and into 2015 and look at the quality of what you have that you'd like to sell from then on, I mean, is -- what's the right number to think of?
Conor C. Flynn: It's a fair assumption to say that the cap rate will continue to decrease over time. 8.5% is really the last tranche of assets that we're moving out of from the Midwest. And it's a portfolio deal that we are anticipating to close this year. And once that's completed, the assets that we will continue to look to dispose of will be at a lower cap rate.
Operator: Next question comes from Christy McElroy from Citi.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: With your growing ground-up development initiative, can you talk a little bit more about some of the markets you're targeting and the yield you're underwriting?
Conor C. Flynn: We've started to look at our key markets. For all of our ground-up developments going forward we would develop to hold long-term. So these are our key markets where we already have boots on the ground and a portfolio of assets. And we are looking at potential adjacent parcels. We're also looking at areas where there's a lot of growth, whether it's employment or population growth. So Houston is one that we're looking at right now. Fort Lauderdale is another one that we're looking at, as well as Christiana, Delaware. So those are the 3 that I think we're really focused on to see if we could put together development deals for the next stage of the cycle. And we're underwriting to somewhere between a 7.5 to 9.5 yield.
Operator: Next question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wonder if we could get a little bit more color on the reason you're expecting the anticipated acceleration in same-store NOI in the second half, whether it's leases signed, not occupied, the pickup in small shops or maybe even a little more friendly currency exchange market?
Conor C. Flynn: Yes. No problem, that's a good question. We still have a large cushion between our property leased occupancy and our economic occupancy. There's actually 230 basis points between the 2. So those are deals that are fully baked and are yet to start flowing. And those we anticipate to come online in the second half of the year. We actually budgeted -- each year we do an in-depth asset by asset budget, and we saw that the second half of the year was actually significantly higher in terms of our same-site NOI growth. The other thing to keep in mind is we are coming off a pretty tough comp, up 4.2% in the second quarter of last year.
Operator: Next question comes from Sameer Kanal from ISI Group.
Sameer Kanal: One your leasing spreads, you guys put out at close to 10% on a blended basis here. Looking forward, maybe into next year, do think this is a good run rate? I mean the demand is certainly strong from retailers to maybe push renewals maybe into the low-double digits and mid to high double-digits do you think for new leases?
Conor C. Flynn: The demand is definitely there to continue on that trend. It will probably -- spreads tend to be driven sometimes by one large deal so you need to keep that in mind. But overall, because our portfolio is large, we do believe that our spreads will continue on that trend. The demand from retailers is not subsiding, and we continue to see, really, a good pipeline of new deals, not only on spaces we currently have vacant, but on spaces we plan to recapture. So I think that's a fair assumption.
Operator: Next question comes from Jason White from Green Street Advisors.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on your redevelopment pipeline. I know this is a tough question to pinpoint, but if you can kind of broad brush, when you look at the amount of the spend that's going to be on -- in deferred maintenance type projects versus true kind of expansion projects, can you kind of split that out in what's parking lots and roofs versus actual new square footage?
Conor C. Flynn: We can go in and give you more detail on that and break it out for you. Right now, the way that we look at our redevelopment projects, it's really all-encompassing. So if we have an old Kmart that we need to reposition and demolish, improving the parking lot, improving the site lighting, improving everything at the asset really goes into the redevelopment project. But if it's a smaller scale project where we're taking down only a portion of the asset and expanding it for a junior box, those are ones that really -- the majority of the costs go into the expansion of the box rather than more site improvements. But we can go into more detail there and break it out for you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Ryan Peterson from Sandler O'Neill.
Ryan Peterson: Just 1 question for me. I wanted to ask, given the demand for large boxes and scarcity of that space, is it possible that the economics might start to make sense for you to deepen small shop space and create more big boxes?
Conor C. Flynn: It's a good question. We actually have seen that be a trend, where junior boxes are actually stepping up their rents to be able to make the economics work. We have done it on a number of different sites where we combine small shops and expand out the back of the shopping center. TJ Maxx, Ross are the two that are probably the most active in that space because there's such a lack of new product and lack of supply. So there's definitely that occurring in our portfolio, and we're actually working on a number of those deals going forward as well.
Operator: Next question comes from Haendel St. Juste from Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So you've talked extensively about the captive acquisition opportunities with your existing JVs. So my question is on the cap rate spread differential between open market purchases and these JV opportunities. And I understand every deal is different. It looks like the Boston portfolio and open market deal was acquired at about a 6-ish flat yield, while the recent SEB JV was consummated at a high 6 yield. So wondering, should we view this as a representative spread? And then also, can you talk about potential disposition and redevelopment opportunities within both portfolios?
David B. Henry: Well, first of all, they vary widely. Over the past couple of years, as we've been aggressively talking with our partners, some of these deals are tougher negotiations than others. And the portfolios themselves are very different. You're right there was quite a different spread differential between the SEB transaction and the Boston portfolio. In general, we believe there's around a 50 basis points difference, if you take a look at them altogether. And a lot of that savings is not necessarily a difference in just a negotiating grade. It's the fact that there is a true win-win in these situations. There's generally not a third-party broker involved. There's generally much less transfer taxes involved. We're not talking about mortgage assumption fees. We have the right to do these things. These are very quick acquisitions. We don't have to do a lot of due diligence. We know these assets. We've been managing them. So truly is a win-win in many cases here.
Conor C. Flynn: And on the dispositions and redevelopment question. We will be selling 2 assets out of the Boston portfolio, 3 assets out of the SEB portfolio, and we've already completed 1 of 2 out of the KIF portfolio. And then on the redevelopment question, because we've been managing the SEB and KIF portfolios, we've worked over those assets pretty significantly, and the majority of our redevelopment potential comes from the Boston portfolio. There's a number of out parcels we plan to -- we actually have in the market right now to users as well as some mixed-use components where we have to go through a lengthy entitlement process in Boston, that we are optimistic about, long term, in creating value there.
Operator: Next question comes from Ross Nussbaum from UBS Securities.
Unknown Analyst: Jeremy Mertz [ph] here. Obviously you guys are making some good progress in the small shop space. You mentioned a fair amount of leases of mom-and-pops this quarter. Can you just talk about where you see small shop occupancy going in the next 12 to 24 months? Does it get up to 90%? And also, what do you think is helping drive a bit of the rebound in mom-and-pop?
Conor C. Flynn: It's a good question. I think in 24 months, we should see it get to 90%. We do have a large pipeline of pending deals that will continue on this trend in the upward momentum. We've shifted our focus to the small shop space because we think that's really a large portion of our growth going forward. But we do see still growth involved in the junior anchors and the vacancies we have left there, as well. So we do anticipate that, that will continue. And we see the rebound in local businesses. It's pretty apparent in our key markets that the mom-and-pop has come back in a major way. Hair salons, nail salons, service-based industries, restaurants, family businesses have all come back to our shopping centers. And we anticipate that to continue as the economy strengthens. The housing market seems to continue to improve. And that should coordinate -- that should correlate to more small shop deals.
David B. Henry: I would just add that the community banking system has recovered fully now and are more aggressive about local lending. Most of these smaller businesses rely on the community banking system. So if you're a jewelry store or a local dry cleaner looking for a second, you really need that community banking system to be healthy. And it is now healthy. And those loans are going up and increasing, so that's healthy.
Conor C. Flynn: I would also just add that it's such a local business, real estate, especially for the local users, that in order to target those operators you've got to have people on the ground combing the portfolio for those types of retailers to come into your shopping center. So in order to have that growth, we've really focused on putting more people into the field at the property level.
Operator: Next question comes from Rich Moore from RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You suggested it seems that there'll be about another year, I think, of disposition activity before you're largely through with the disposition process. And I'm curious, what is the volume that you think you have left in terms of, I guess, dollars of disposition activity? And then when you're complete, what do you think your long-term same-store NOI growth rate would look like?
Conor C. Flynn: We still have about a year left to go on our dispositions pipeline, you're right. We have close to 200 assets still to move, and we think that that's going to be right around $1 billion worth of assets. From the same-site growth perspective, we think we're exiting out of our lower growth assets as well as our at-risk assets that weigh us down for such a large portfolio. And we're still targeting 3% for -- 3% plus for a continual growth rate for our portfolio.
David B. Henry: And to somebody's earlier question, we do anticipate the cap rates drifting down from that 8.5% level we've been averaging on this next $1 billion, if you will. So it shouldn't be quite as dilutive as we've had in the past.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Mueller from JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was wondering if we're thinking about development and redevelopment deliveries over the next 2 years, what sort of an annual number are you contemplating? And then how do you see the mix shifting to include more, I guess, new ground-up activity?
Conor C. Flynn: Right now, our focus is really on redevelopment. We've built up the pipeline relatively quickly, and we anticipate $130 million or so to deliver this year, $150 million to deliver next year, $190 million to deliver the year after that, and then $230 million to be delivered in 2017, and then continue to ramp it from there. Our ground-up developments will be additive to the pipeline and should give us a little bit more growth on the out years, because these redevelopments are assets that we can deliver in the near term. While the ground-up development when we go through the entitlement process and the pre-leasing process, it should add growth to our portfolio in the out years.
David B. Henry: What is a great sign for our industry and our company is that rents have moved up enough to justify ground-up development now. So that's a significant milestone in terms of recovering from the recession.
Operator: Next question comes from Jim Sullivan from Cohen and Associates.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Question for you guys regarding this position on Safeway. There was a shareholder vote recently that was in favor of the deal. And I guess as you proceed toward hopefully completing the deal, you have to go through the FTC. I wonder to what extent, and I can understand if you're not comfortable talking about detail on this, but I wonder to what extent the likelihood of some store closings is having, any impact at all on pricing in the market? I.e, if a lot of the Safeway/Albertsons boxes are going to have to come back on the market with stores being closed. To what extent is that inhibiting demand or pricing or terms on deals for those grocers looking to expand in the market now?
David B. Henry: Let me first of all say that there's not any intent to close any stores. What we're working through with the FTC is whether stores have to be divested. And by that, meaning that we have to find other operators that could continue the stores in operation post-closing. And in a sense to keep it a competitive marketplace. So to close a store and cease the operations would not make it competitive [indiscernible]. So the FTC is going to be looking for us to find other buyers that are qualified by the FTC to run these stores. And at this point, there's no planned store closings due to the merging of the companies.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Chris Lucas from Capital One Securities.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: David, just a quick follow up on the comments you made about development. When you think about the timeframe over which this has happened, is that a recent phenomenon where rents have met the threshold where development makes sense? And are there -- is this a national or very specific locally phenomenon?
David B. Henry: I believe it is a recent occurrence, where rents have significantly jumped and particularly these national retailers are beginning to be particularly anxious about meeting the store count that they've promised Wall Street and internally. And I don't think it's related to any particular market. Obviously, there's stronger markets, and some of these primary markets we've talked about before are magnets for retailers that are obviously looking for where there's job growth and good demographics and population growth, is where these retailers want to expand. And I think Conor gave you a good range in terms of Houston, Florida and New Jersey as being the 3 that we're looking at now. But 6 months ago, we weren't looking at ground-up development. And I doubt many of our peers were, either. So it is a significant milestone, in my opinion, that rents have jumped to this level and the economy is doing well enough and, as I mentioned, consumer confidence being at an all-time high compared going all the way back to October of 2007. I mean, that all bodes well, I think.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thank you to everybody that participated on our call today. As a reminder, additional information for the company can be found in our supplementals as posted on our website. Have a good day.
Operator: This conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer and Member of Executive Committee Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Conor C. Flynn - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Tamara J. Fique - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Andrew Schaffer Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jeremy Metz - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division David Bryan Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Linda Yu Tsai - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corporation First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Vice President. Please go ahead.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Andrew. Thank you all for joining Kimco's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning are: Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer; and Conor Flynn, Chief Operating Officer. There are also other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking, and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. [Operator Instructions] And with that, I turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning, and thank you for calling in this morning. We are happy to report strong first quarter results. As usual, Glenn and Conor will provide the details. But overall, our operating metrics continue to be excellent, led by 153 new leases with an average positive leasing spread of 50.7% calculated on the comparable new leases. Our terrific leasing spreads, combined with another substantial jump in small shop occupancy, provides solid evidence of the continued improvement and strength embedded in our core portfolio of neighborhood and community shopping centers. Looking at the U.S. shopping center industry overall, consumers are spending again with March consumer spending posting the largest gain in almost 5 years. Consumer sentiment, as recorded by University of Michigan, also rose in April to 9-month high. Combined with historically low new retail construction, U.S. population growth is now outpacing the net addition of retail space by 3.5x. And a 5-year high of new planned store openings, effective rents are increasing significantly. It is also interesting to note that services now represent slightly more than 2/3 of all consumer spending, off from less than 50% in the 1960s and '70s. This is significant for the neighborhood and community shopping center sector as our properties are all about essential local goods and services. Telephones, dry cleaners, restaurants, hair salons, urgent care centers, et cetera, are all resistant to the inroads of e-commerce. In addition, 94% of all retail sales still take place in the brick-and-mortar world. And there's an increasing list of online retailers beginning to establish physical stores. Even Amazon has opened short-term pop-up stores and has mentioned the possibility of opening traditional retail and showroom stores if they can be differentiated. With respect to Kimco's key goals and objectives for the year, we continue to make excellent progress with our disposition activities in Latin America. With the Macquarie Mexican REIT closing in the first quarter, we have now received approximately $500 million in net sale of proceeds from Latin America over the past year. We continue to be on track to sell essentially all of our properties by year end with signed letters of intent or contracts on almost all assets. In the U.S., as Conor will detail and as highlighted in our earnings release, our recycling and portfolio upgrading initiatives continue at a solid pace with Kimco acquiring high-quality retail properties from both market sellers and our existing joint venture partners. Most recently, we have reached agreement with BIG, an Israeli public company and existing joint venture partner, to essentially divide 21 mutually owned shopping centers into 3 groups, a Kimco-owned portfolio 7 shopping centers comprising 1.2 million square feet, a BIG-owned portfolio of 8 shopping centers comprising approximately the same square footage and 6 assets, which will continued to be owned jointly. This arrangement, together with the LaSalle and KIF acquisitions recently announced, continues our efforts to simplify our portfolio and reduce the absolute number of joint ventures and properties held in joint ventures. Quarter-by-quarter, the profile of our shopping center properties is significantly improving in terms of demographics, average rents, NOI growth and primary markets. Since late 2010, we have sold over 16 million square feet of property and we continue to actively identify and market additional noncore and secondary retail properties. Coupled with our high-quality property acquisitions, such as the Boston portfolio and the 2 large properties in North Carolina purchased in the first quarter, we believe we are continuing to create a superior property portfolio with excellent NOI and redevelopment prospects. Looking quickly at Canada. Our Canadian portfolio remains a strong and important contributor to our earnings despite the recent adverse impact of currency. Kimco's Canadian properties remain well occupied, approximately 96%, and our RioCan partners have identified several significant redevelopment opportunities, which we are evaluating together. And now I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details of the quarter to be followed by Conor's discussion on our portfolio results. And then Milton will, as usual, provide some high-level observations.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, David, and good morning. 2014 is off to an excellent start as evidenced by our solid first quarter results. We are actively executing on our themes from our December Investor Day, transforming our portfolio with high-quality acquisitions and disposing of slower-growth assets from nonstrategic markets, simplifying our business model with the reduction of joint ventures and a continued exit from Latin America while also ramping up our redevelopment pipeline. We remain focused on keeping the balance sheet strong and opportunistically accessing the capital markets and reducing our overall cost of capital. As we reported last night, headline FFO and FFO as adjusted each came in at $0.34 per diluted share, up from $0.33 for headline FFO last year and $0.32 for FFO as adjusted last year, in line with our expectations. The increase is primarily attributable to strong NOI growth generated from the operating portfolio. Also as I've mentioned in the past, G&A is impacted in the first quarter for our annual noncash equity comp award issuances. In addition, we incurred $2 million of severance costs. The increase in G&A on a sequential basis was offset by 2 lease terminations included in income from discontinued operations. Headline FFO includes $4.2 million of transaction income generated from a promote earned on the disposition of a preferred equity position and fees earned from the early repayment of a mortgage receivable. Headline FFO also includes $6.6 million of transaction expenses related to acquisition costs, severance related to the wind-down of our Latin America operations and a noncash equity loss from our additional Albertsons investment made last year. We remain very excited about the prospects of the Albertsons investment as the Albertsons operating team has been executing on its business plan and consistently beating revenue projections. Our Kimco operating team kicked off the year with solid results, delivering combined same-site NOI growth of 2.5% before the negative impact of currency of 100 basis points. Same-site NOI growth for the U.S. portfolio was 2%, in line with our first quarter internal forecast. The same-site NOI growth is fueled primarily by top line revenue growth generated from increased occupancy, which stands at 94.5% for the combined portfolio, up 90 basis points from a year ago, and continued strong leasing spreads. Although occupancy for the U.S. portfolio was modestly lower by 20 basis points from year end, the result of the usual after-holiday season fallouts, U.S. occupancy now stands at 94.7%, up 100 basis points from a year ago. We continue to execute on the quality upgrade of our portfolio and are planning to accelerate the dispositions of slow-growth assets not located in our key territories. During the first quarter, we sold interest in 11 U.S. properties and have 40 U.S. assets either under contract or under price negotiations. In addition, we are preparing another 60 assets to bring to the market. As a result, we are increasing our disposition target by $300 million to a total of $1 billion to $1.2 billion for 2014, including the Latin America dispositions. South of the border, we completed the sale of a 9-property portfolio in Mexico for a gross sales price of $222 million with net proceeds to us of $110 million after repayment of debt. We are actively negotiating agreements for the sale of substantially all the remaining assets in Latin America with the expectation to complete the sales by the end of 2014, further simplifying our business model. As Conor will elaborate on shortly, we continue to make significant progress on our efforts to unwind JVs and selectively acquire choice assets. Turning to the balance sheet and liquidity funds. During the quarter, we renewed our $1.75 billion revolving credit facility, reducing the spread of LIBOR from 105 basis points to 92.5 basis points and reduced the facility fee from 20 basis points to 15 basis points. The new facility, which has a final maturity in March 2019, will provide immediate liquidity at a reduced cost, saving approximately $1 million annually. Also subsequent to quarter end, we issued a $500 million 7-year bond at a coupon of 3.2%, one of our lowest coupons ever. Proceeds from the offering will be used to repay $295 million of bonds that mature in June at a weighted average rate of 5.2%, $98 million of maturing mortgage debt at an average rate of 6.14% and the balance to [indiscernible] pay down outstanding balances on our revolving credit facility. With this bond issuance, we have addressed more debt maturities since 2014. Our debt metrics remains solid with net debt to recurring EBITDA of 5.5x and fixed charge coverage of 2.9x. And our liquidity position is in excellent shape with over $1.6 billion of immediate liquidity. We are pleased to be able to reaffirm our 2014 guidance range of FFO as adjusted per share of $1.36 to $1.40 despite the expected dilution from the anticipated acceleration of dispositions. Our guidance range also takes into account the expected savings from the refinancings previously mentioned. In addition, our previous guidance of same-site NOI growth of 2.5% to 3.5% remains unchanged. As we move later into the year, we will have a better picture of the impact of our accelerated disposition program on 2015 earnings and property metrics. And now I'll turn it over to Conor.
Conor C. Flynn: Good morning, everyone. Today, I will begin by outlining our progress on acquisitions and dispositions, and then cover the progress on our redevelopments. Finally, I will recap the leasing and operations activity for the quarter. We continue to simplify the business model by acquiring JV interests, and most recently announced that we acquired the remaining 60.9% interest in the high-quality KIF portfolio. These assets are predominantly grocery-anchored with strong sales located in our key markets. The 12 properties totaling 1.5 million square feet for a gross price of $408 million translates to a blended implied cap rate of 5.9%. However, when considering the KIF promote we received, the effective cap rate is 6.4%. It's also worth noting that 9 out of the 12 assets are unencumbered. 2 of the 12 assets do not meet our quality and growth criteria and will be sold individually as we continue to stick to our knitting of transforming and simplifying. In the first quarter, we acquired 5 high-quality shopping centers totaling 900,000 square feet, amounting to a gross purchase price of $216 million, including $113 million of mortgage debt at an implied cap rate of 6.1%. These include the acquisition of 3 grocery-anchored properties from the LaSalle joint venture, where we purchased the remaining 89% interest. The 3 properties totaling 316,000 square feet are located in the Greater Baltimore area and have an occupancy level of 97.6% at an average base rent of $19.49 a foot. Included in this package is York Road Plaza, a Giant-anchored shopping center doing over $800 of per foot sales. In one-off transactions, we acquired 2 large well-positioned properties in North Carolina. Crossroads Plaza is the dominant power center, located in the affluent and highly educated Research Triangle of Cary. The approximately 490,000 square foot site is anchored by Ross, HomeGoods, Marshalls, Stein Mart, Michaels, Best Buy, PETCO, Old Navy and ULTA. Combined with our adjacent properties, we now own over 900,000 square feet at this dominant intersection. With the acquisition of Crossroads, Kimco now has 9 shopping centers comprising 2 million square feet in the Raleigh MSA, which is ranked as 1 of the fastest-growing MSAs by Forbes. Quail Corners, located in Charlotte, is a 110,000 square foot Harris Teeter-anchored shopping center. Quail Corners' surrounding area boasts an average household income of over $100,000. And the acquisition offers an additional value creation opportunity with a fully entitled undeveloped outparcel. Turning to dispositions. As mentioned in our recent press release, Kimco sold ownership interest in 11 U.S. properties during the first quarter, including 7 wholly-owned and 4 unconsolidated properties held in joint ventures, for a gross sales price of $63.7 million, including $14 million of mortgage debt and a blended implied cap rate of 9.1%. Our share of the proceeds was $42.1 million. Subsequently after the quarter, 4 additional assets were sold for $18.5 million with $11.3 million in Kimco proceeds. One of the properties that were sold include a few stay alive [ph] assets, the demographics and long-term growth profile were not commensurate with our future portfolio goals. As we outlined at our Investor Day in December, a key driver of our strategy is a more aggressive approach to selling low-growth and noncore assets and reinvesting in our key territories, focusing on above-average growth and redevelopment potential. We are accelerating the company's planned level of dispositions. Currently, we are negotiating contracts for sale of 40 U.S. properties for a gross sales price of approximately $344 million and we are planning to market an additional 60 properties for sale. Redevelopments continue to enhance the portfolio in numerous ways. And 2014 will be a big year for Kimco as we look to add projects to the pipeline in addition to completing and activating numerous projects this year. In the first quarter alone, we completed $24 million in redevelopment projects, providing an incremental yield of 10.4%. Tri-City Plaza, located in the Tampa MSA, is one of the larger redevelopment projects to become active this quarter. The $31 million redevelopment is undergoing a massive repositioning, where we will be demolishing 90% of the square footage and creating a vibrant new offering that includes new buildings for LA Fitness, Sports Authority, Ross as well as numerous restaurants. This exciting makeover will add over $2.8 million of incremental NOI. We are cautiously optimistic that the demand from best-in-class retailers will continue to fuel growth at our top performing assets and increase future redevelopment opportunities. Currently, our redevelopment pipeline totals $792 million, including $260 million of active redevelopment projects, $278 million under design review and $254 million in the evaluation phase. This report is fluid and projects take time to ramp up. Still I am encouraged by our progress over the past year and believe we can continue to deliver projects that will improve Kimco's net asset value while providing a strong incremental return to our shareholders. Moving on to leasing metrics. U.S. same-site NOI growth of 2% was fueled primarily by rent commencements that added $5.2 million in base rent and an improved overall credit loss across the portfolio. The effective snow removal cost impacted our recoveries by a negative 40 basis points. Redevelopments contributed 5 basis points to same-site NOI. We expect same-site NOI to strengthen during the remainder of the year as numerous redevelopments come online, previously executed leases begin to start paying rent and renewals and options are executed at positive rates, a trend that's continued for 15 straight quarters. In the U.S., we signed 153 new leases for a total of 777,000 square feet. Overall occupancy, while remaining flat in 94.5% quarter-over-quarter, reverses a 4-year trend of a postholiday dip. Drilling down, pro rata U.S. occupancy increased 100 basis points year-over-year, down 20 basis points from prior quarter due to anticipated fallout from a few anchor spaces. Anchor occupancy dipped 30 basis points pro rata versus prior quarter. Small shop occupancy increased 40 basis points to 85.6% compared to prior quarter. Year-over-year, it is up 160 basis points. This quarter, small shop occupancy increase is an encouraging sign and was primarily driven by positive net absorption. Activity in the small shops comes predominantly from national small shop operators, regional players and franchisees. But we are starting to see numerous hair and nail salons as well as other local service units come back into our centers. An area that showed strong positive net absorption in our small shop space was medical use, such as physician offices and urgent care facilities. In total, we have 14 new medical deals, which accounted for over 46,000 square feet, paying an average base rent of $21.62 a foot. Medical service use, along with restaurants and personal care services, increase the strength of our small shop population. They're Internet-resistant and drive traffic to the center on a recurring basis. A notable new international retailer we welcomed to our portfolio this quarter in California is Aki-Home, part of the 300-store Japanese Nitori furniture group. Our outstanding new leases of 50% was driven by across-the-board double-digit positive spreads on junior anchors, mid-sized shops and small shops. Some highlights include the recapture of an expired pad ground lease was paying less than $1 a foot and we execute a new lease with the National Optometry at nearly $30 a foot at Evergreen Square. Other highlights include new leases with TJ Maxx, HomeGoods, Sports Authority, PetSmart, CVS and Shoe Carnival, all paying significantly higher rents than the previous tenants. The average base rent of new deals was $16.50 a foot, which illustrates the mark-to-market growth we have embedded in our portfolio that will continue to create future upside for Kimco shareholders. Renewals and option leasing spreads posted a 4.6% pro rata increase. And overall leasing spread in the U.S. increased 8.8% and have now been positive for 13 straight quarters. Overall, we continue to improve the portfolio by consistently executing on our three-pronged strategy of transformation, simplification and redevelopment. Further proof of the strengthening of the portfolio is the steady increase in average base rent per square foot. We reported a pro rata ABR this quarter of $13.18 a foot, a $0.19 increase quarter-over-quarter and a $0.52 increase year-over-year, evidence that transformation is taking shape as we work tirelessly to unlock the value for our shareholders. And with that, I will turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: So thank you, Conor. As you've heard, we are executing on our plan to transform, simplify and redevelop. First, our portfolio transformation is in full swing, most recent example is the acquisition of the Boston portfolio, which closed on April 30. The performance of this portfolio already exceeds our underwritten expectations and we will create greater value than we projected. Now let's take a look at what we achieved so far. Since September 2010, we have acquired 123 U.S. retail properties comprising 14.4 million square feet for a gross purchase price of $2.8 billion. These properties have on a pro rata basis an average occupancy that is over 10% higher than the 158 properties we sold. The average annual base rent per square foot is over 63% higher than the ABR for our dispositions. Demographics are impressive and average household income for the acquired sites is 40% higher and the estimated population is almost 20% higher than the disposed sites. Second, we made very meaningful progress on simplifying our business by reducing the amount of joint ventures. In the second quarter of 2011, we had 552 properties in JVs. That number is now 387, a 30% decrease. This represents a reduction of more than $3.7 billion of gross investment value in joint ventures. And when you look at the amount of real estate value we have purchased from our JVs, it's comparable to buying very large and high-quality portfolios. But we are able to buy these properties with less risk, less underwriting and lower transaction costs than any external portfolio acquisition. Third, we are excited about redevelopment potential. The pipeline is increasing and the projects are perfectly aligned with our transformation to a higher-quality portfolio. We are stimulated by Conor's passion and zeal for value creation and we can't wait for these projects to come online. On the plus business, we're happy with the progress made at Albertsons and SUPERVALU. And we are excited to be a part of the Safeway consortium. The transformation, simplification and redevelopment strategy is no small feat with a portfolio of our size. And I would like to express my gratitude to Dave, Glenn, Conor as well as all the Kimco associates throughout the company, who are working so hard to achieve our goals. And now we are happy to take any questions.
David F. Bujnicki: Andrew, we're ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In terms of the BIG joint venture, what prompted the split-off of properties? And why not just dissolve the JV? Why can't you either own the 6 centers within that entity? And then can you sort of comment just on how you're actively working with other JV partners to formulate an exit?
David B. Henry: Sure. The second part is easy. Yes, we are working with other joint venture partners, the ones that would like to co-own in form or fashion. We're trying to work with them, especially the ones that have high-quality properties, we're very interested in buying those properties. Others that have secondary assets, we've convinced them to put them on the market, sell them to third parties. So we are actively, as Milton mentioned, trying to unwind a lot of these joint ventures. Not to say that these are not great partners and that we haven't built a very good business and created value with them. It's just that, at the end of the day, we had too many, too many partners, too many ventures, and we're unwinding them. And also as Milton mentioned, it's a great source of acquisitions for us. We could generally buy these at an effective cap rate higher than on the market, either using our promote as currency, or avoiding the transaction costs, assumption fees, brokerage costs and things like that. So it's very good economics. That's a good place for us to put capital. With respect to BIG, they've been a very good partner. They're building their own platform in the U.S.. They have other joint ventures. This was an opportunity to basically go through the portfolio and divide it into 3 piles. The first pile separates some of the better long-term assets into a BIG-owned portfolio and a Kimco-owned portfolio. And we negotiated the division of those assets. The 6 we're remaining together have other issues that we'll resolve together, maybe there's leasing or redevelopment to go through it or debt issues or other reasons that they're going to stay as they are for a period of time.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Are these dispositions candidates longer-term?
David B. Henry: The 6? Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wonder, are we looking at a possible shift in the pickup in ground-up development in the strip category? And I know you're pursuing active redevelopments. But are you also thinking about ground-up developments?
David B. Henry: Overall, rents still haven't recovered to the levels necessary to justify a ground-up development. You may see occasional ground-up development in places like Texas or Florida, where you have grocers that are particularly anxious to expand their footprint and are willing to pay very high rents. But as we've mentioned before, the old days of buying 100 acres of land and going through years of entitlement projects with all the preleasing that's necessary to do that just isn't on the horizon anytime soon because the economics aren't there, developers do not want to take the small leasing risk that's involved in these transactions. And the retailers themselves don't have the patience to wait for years to get new stores. They're committed to opening up in their expansion plan in the near future. So they'd rather pay a couple of dollars more a foot to get immediate access to an existing store. All of which is good for us landlords because as we've tried to say during this call, rents are beginning to jump. They're not just going up 1% or 2%. Coming out of the recession now, rents are beginning to jump. And eventually, it will lead to new construction. But for now, we have the benefit of a very constrained supply. Retail per capita in the U.S. is going down for the first time because of population growth is exceeding the new supply of retail. So all of that bodes well for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Morgan of MLV.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Just maybe if you could provide a little bit more color about your investment in the Safeway transaction. From Kimco's perspective, what is the opportunity there? And how would you compare or contrast that with Albertsons and SUPERVALU, not exactly the same situations, and then whether you see some of the shopping centers falling out to you from that?
Unknown Executive: Well, I would say -- I'll take the last part first regarding shopping centers falling out for us. I think what's going to happen is really when the deal does close -- we had so many shareholder approvals and antitrust approval. But the deal is closed. And day 1 is going to be an operations turnaround play to merge 2 companies with 2,300 stores [indiscernible] on that. But like the transactions that we just closed in 2013 and in 2006, where you see we have an operating team in place especially for the retail operations. And from that, add value to the real estate. Right now, the real estate is kind of being used -- not kind of being used as a financing vehicle for the acquisition. But in time, we're going to work with our partners and use real estate to add value to the transaction.
David B. Henry: If you could just please be aware, it's in an approval process now, so we're a little bit limited on how much we can say. We will tell you that the 5 brands we bought from SUPERVALU last year, the early indications are terrific. The comp sales are good and the improvements are very good. So we feel very good about what we bought and we feel very optimistic about the Safeway transaction when it closes.
Operator: The next question comes from Tammi Fique from Wells Fargo Securities.
Tamara J. Fique - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I was just wondering if you could discuss the cap rate spread between expected dispositions and acquisitions for the year, and then maybe your use of proceeds from the incremental disposition capital.
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, no problem. I think the deal -- first quarter is probably a little bit of an indicator that we're going to be ramping up our dispositions, and now we think that overall throughout the year, we'll probably average out to about an 8% cap for our disposition portfolio. We do have a number of different portfolios in the market today. Some of them are in the market as a package but can also be bid on individually. The asset type ranges from, really, power center to grocery-anchored center to triple net leases. So we have been really going asset by asset and taking a deep dive throughout the portfolio to see where we can unlock value, where we can lease up vacancy and keeping that in the parent, and we think there's downside or risk or very little growth in that if we had put that on the market. So we think that overall, the cap rates will probably even out to about an 8% from year end.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes. When you blend it with the Latin America sales that we're doing, you're probably looking at somewhere around a 225 basis point spread between acquisitions and dispositions in total when you put it together. So the more encouraging thing is the disposition activity, that the window is still wide open. If anything, cap rates are falling faster on some of the B properties and secondary assets that you would have expected. So it's encouraging to us that there's good activity and we're doing the best we can to take advantage of it, so that 200 basis point spread that Conor mentioned is probably drifting down to what's a 150 basis spread based on current indications.
Tamara J. Fique - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just the use of the proceeds from the incremental disposition capital?
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, again, in terms of our overall capital plan, again, we -- you see the amount of acquisitions that have gone on, so between acquisitions and redevelopment pipeline, that's how we're fueling our funding requirements. So that's what's going to go.
David B. Henry: For the moment, it's a form of recycling. Clearly, there's no excess either way for the moment.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason White of Green Street Advisors.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I was just hoping you could walk through the composition of the renewal spreads, kind of mid-4% range. If you were to understand, you're typically getting some fixed bump, sort of 10% every 10 years and obviously, a wide range. But if you can kind of walk through the composition of renewal options versus spreads on just kind of one-off renewal would be helpful.
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, the renewal spreads and the renewal as an options posted was 4.6% so it's really a combination of anchor leases, as well as midsize shops, as well as small shops so you're right that there's typically option increases of anywhere in that range, from 5% to 12% of a 10-year basis. But there are some leases that obviously move the needle each way, and we've made a combination, really, of the major renewals, that we've done it. So it was at Staples where they renewed at, almost double their rent in Garden State Pavilion, Marshalls at Torrance Promenade in California, we took them from close to $5.50 up to $14 a foot. Shoe Carnival is from $6 to $9, Home Depot exercise their options out at Town Center East in Signal Hill, which had a 5% increase. So we see it as a range where the -- still the growth driver is in our junior boxes and we think that, that's going to continue. There's just very little supply out there. So these retailers are holding on to the real estate they have because they realize how valuable it is.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the non-option renewals weigh on some of those fixed option spreads a little bit and that's where you get to the kind of 4% range?
Conor C. Flynn: That's correct. There's a few that were -- that sometimes are rolled down. There's a few that when you average it out, it's a 4.6% spread.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Sullivan of Cowen & Company.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes. Looking at your -- the large tenant list, it is pretty interesting that the Kmart exposure has dropped so significantly year-over-year from 50 locations down to 34. I know some of that is associated with sales but obviously, some of it is also associated with recapturing space and redeveloping it. And I just wonder if we could have an update on whether you expect any major movement there or any additional material recaptured. You've done some sizable deals in the New York market, but maybe, just to give us a flavor for how those discussions are going, whether there's any accelerated pace of closings to be expected there or not.
Conor C. Flynn: We don't see any accelerated pace of closing -- closures but what we do see is they're continuing to be active on trying to sublease positions where they think there's value. And that usually sparks the conversation of lease terminations, payments from Kimco to Kmart or Sears. We see that there's future opportunities, we've been waiting patiently for these older leases for a long time. We think that's the big differentiator for us, so we continue to be in constant communication with them and continue to negotiate on a few deals beauty where we think we can create significant value here from releasing or redevelopment.
David B. Henry: And we also even bought an existing center with an existing Kmart lease that's has a short term left in Marathon, Florida, that's a wonderful redevelopment play. So we're not afraid of the exposure where we can underwrite the real estate very well.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Moore of RBC Capital.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: While we're on the topic of store closing, I was curious what your thoughts are on Office Depot and their notice that they're going to close 400 stores over the next several years, 150 this year. Have they notified you guys of any closings? And what do you have expiring, I guess, in the way of Depot and Max leases this year?
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, it's obviously been something we've been monitoring for a long period of time. When you look at the Office Depot, OfficeMax exposure, we have 67 leases, 6 that expired this year and 13 that expire 2015. But you've got to look at it proactively with the whole office supply sector because the Office Depot, OfficeMax closures will impact what Staples decides to do with their portfolio. So we've been monitoring it closely and working on understanding which assets overlap, and we do have upside in those leases that are expiring. We have 10 office supply leases expiring. In the next -- through 2017 that we believe are 69% below market. So we think there are significant upside there. We've already started the process of pre-releasing that and we think that their square footage is ideal for today's junior anchors. You can take a look at whether it's soft goods players like TJX or Ross. There's also a lot of specialty grocers in the market today that are a perfect fit for that 25,000 square foot box, It's really the sweet spot for users today. So we're cautiously optimistic that the closures, that will result in the merger. Will actually result in future outside of potential redevelopment.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And have they given you indication, Conor, of when they might notify you about this first round?
Conor C. Flynn: They have not yet. We've been in discussions and we know that we're going to meet with them shortly we've been in constant communications. So we have a good idea since we have a tracking system of which ones are doing well and which ones have year-over-year decline. So that we've circled which ones we think are keepers and which ones do we think are closures.
Glenn G. Cohen: And I think what's happening also, whether it's Staples, Office Depot, OfficeMax, and it's because they know, like we do, there's a lot of interest in their boxes, that they're going to close doors now in time for them to go out there and see how they can mitigate their liability. I imagine they're getting the calls from the same retailers, that they're calling us, saying, "What's available?" I think they're going to really spend the next couple of months seeing what they think will line up and then call us up and say, "We want to close and we have XYZ for you to help reduce their cost on the long term lease. So I think it's going to be a win-win for both of us going forward.
David B. Henry: For instance, even if they closed all 6 locations in 2014 that are expiring, it's less than 1/10 of 1% though of average base rent. It's just de minimis in the overall picture of Kimco.
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'd like to go back to the Safeway investment once more, but maybe from a different angle. You've made a lot of progress in the simplification of your business in the last couple of years, which is what your investors were -- clearly wanted. Can you help me understand or reconcile the recent Safeway investment with the simplification theme? I'm not questioning your ability to structure a sound financial investment, especially how well you've priced Safeway investment there, but really asking how you thought about balancing the perceptual risk of these kinds of maybe non-core investment versus your simplification goals.
Milton Cooper: That's a very good question. We have always had a basic real estate business, an A+ business, and the plus business we've had for many years on our track record has been superb. So we just see this as fitting in to the plus business, and what excites us about Safeway is that it is -- it's really part of the same consortium that did so well in the other plus businesses, Albertsons, et cetera. So in this we've had, former many, many years, it's not deviation from our simplification strategy.
Glenn G. Cohen: And in terms of the level of capital invested in the business, it's very minor compared to the mother ship, if you will, in our core portfolio. So it's an adjunct, it's synergistic with what we do. It helps with relationships with retailers and there's an opportunity to make a little money on retailer-owned real estate. And it gives us a lot of edge, and it helps to differentiate the company, quite frankly.
Conor C. Flynn: And it gives us a lot of insight on the operations level. It allows us to really understand the grocery business side. This is something that they own quite a bit of real estate just like the previous transactions, and we think there's future upside there for either purchasing and redeveloping or for future developments. So we like being partners with these types of operator because it gives us a ton of information that we normally wouldn't have available to us.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And could you remind us again your exposure to Safeway Albertsons? What percentage of your portfolio that represents?
Milton Cooper: Yes, it's 1.1% of ABR. Again, relatively small.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Schaffer of Sandler O'Neill.
Andrew Schaffer: Now that the New England portfolio has closed, can you remind us the upside embedded within this portfolio and how you plan on unlocking it?
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, we're pretty excited about the Boston portfolio. We've obviously been going through an arduous loan assumption process, and through that process, we actually were able to take over the leasing. And the previous management team, I would say, left a lot of meat on the bone. So during that loan assumption process, we were able to actually outperform our underwriting. A lot of tenants that we had anticipated staying flat instead of exercising their option, actually, exercised their option across-the-board. We've done a lot of new leases at above rents -- that -- above rents that we thought we could achieve. And that's just on the existing portfolio. We have a potential to add 6 or more pads to the portfolio, and we're in the market now looking for pad operators to come into the site. We've also got future redevelopment potential to add significant density especially in the urban markets where these assets are located. So we think that the early indicators are very positive. The cap rate has moved even since for when we put it on a contract to when closed, so that we've actually created significant value already. And we think that's just the tip of the iceberg.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the timing of the dispositions that you see going throughout the year. And after 2014, what's implied for what should be hitting in 2015 as well?
David B. Henry: Well, Mike, I mean, the timing is a little tricky to say the least. It's tough to predict when these things will all close. The additional amount that we've targeted to sell during the year, we expect to close more towards the latter part of the year. So it really does not have a major impact on our 2014 guidance. So we'll have to see how it plays out, kind of refers to my comments that we'll give you a better picture as we go through the year on it. But we really ramped it up. And again, same thing with the Latin America sales, we're happy that we've closed the first piece, we've had a lot of thing in play and under contracts, the timing is a little tough to predict. So it's -- the Latin America stuff is really throughout the year. Yes, Mexico in particular is very tough to predict because you have the government's involved. They have to approve all of these transactions and there's actually been a change in the antitrust commission in Mexico. And -- so just like the FTC here on bigger deals, in Mexico, even on smaller deals, the government has to finally bless it, and that timing is very uncertain. For example, we have a hard contract on 4 assets right now, it's subject only to when the government finally approves that. So that could happen next week or it could be 2 months from now. So unfortunately, it's hard on Glenn because some of this stuff is variable.
Conor C. Flynn: I would just add that on the U.S. portfolio that we have in the market, we have seen bids come in higher on individual assets or sub-portfolios, so that, again, is tough to time because it's -- the whole portfolio, it's trading out at a certain point in time. The sub-portfolios might trade at different times.
Milton Cooper: Yes. I mean, I think the key takeaway, really, is we are accelerating it. So if you go back to our Investor Day, we kind of laid out plans over a 3 to 4-year period. We're now -- we really pushed a lot of it into '14, so the amount of dispositions, as we go forward '15, '16, I think are going to become a little bit more tempered.
David B. Henry: It still remains just a wonderful opportunity. The window is open, and we hope to take advantage of that.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Nussbaum of UBS.
Jeremy Metz - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Jeremy Metz on, with Ross. Your lease commence kept winding out to about 250 basis points in Q1. Can you just talk about where you expect this to be later in the year and therefore, the impact that it can have on your same-store growth, which at 1.5%, started off in a little bit of a tough position versus guidance?
Conor C. Flynn: Sure. Currently, the spread between executed occupancy and rent flowing occupancy is, as you mentioned, close to 250 basis points. We actually think that, that's a future upside for us, and we think that a closer to 100 basis points, it's going to start flowing in Q2 and we see that there's larger redevelopment programs coming online in the second quarter as well as the rest of the year. I mean, half that we've been talking about for a while, which has been Nordstrom and DSW. Repositioning project, that's coming online later this year. At the Greenridge Plaza, out in Staten Island, we have an LA Fitness coming on later this year. Bass Pro in Alaska is coming on later this year. So we haven't changed our guidance same side NOI. Clearly, we were impacted by it. It was almost a perfect storm of snow, currency. So we obviously know that there's future growth is going to happen in the second half of the year. And that's what our budget actually -- our internal budget shows. So we feel pretty comfortable that we can perform and have some significant growth in the second half of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: If you could just go back to Sears. I remember in your Investor Day and some other conversations that a lot of upside in your portfolio does stem from these kind of older, historic leases from Sears or Office Depot leases. Is there some kind of concern that if Sears does go this route of actively re-leasing their own space, some of this upside is inherently kind of capped by them capturing the upside? And what kind of legal or lease language protections do you have in controlling who comes into that sublease space?
Conor C. Flynn: I mean, the Kmart leases are pretty open for them to sign or sublet them. However, I think the issue for them is there aren't a lot of 100,000 square foot to 120,000 square foot users out there. So they got to subdivide the box how many times they need to work with landlords to do that. So I think that the opportunities for them to take their -- the tenants they have and work with them to do a deal that's beneficial for Kimco on that. It's not like we -- they can really do a lot of deals without reaching out to landlords. So I think we'll be involved in the process. We are better suited. They have 1,000 stores. They can subdivide all of these stores themselves. They have the manpower do that. So they'll be working with landlords like Kimco on sites they want to sublet.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes. All of the indicators show that they're not interested in becoming landlords. They're not interested in taking the headaches of the construction risk and they -- you have either sold or look to exit their leasehold positions. So we're continuing to work with them, we think there's significant upside embedded in our portfolio and a lot of the leases that we have left that we showcased in our Investor Day do not have any remaining options left. So there's really not a whole lot of term left for them to sublease to any retailer so we have some protection there where we have to be able to recapture it. So many times, they hand us the retailer that's interested in the space and we do a deal direct and have Kmart go away.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But if they do sublease it, is there a way you guys partake in the economic upside or is that...?
David B. Henry: Well, it's not -- yes, we can definitely -- could be a big part of the economical deal. But you also have to understand is that literally come into leases where they are all under option periods. So they might have 8 5-year options but relative to the process, where you're doing a deal with a tenant, they want a 10-year lease with 2 5-year options, which might not match up with their lease, so that becomes a problem for them. So that problem is an opportunity to try to get involved in the deal and make the transaction that's beneficial for us.
Operator: The next question comes from David Harris of Imperial Capital.
David Bryan Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: After your South American and Central American sales, we're left with Canada as your non-dollar investment area. It's about 10% of the company on a number of metrics. I think -- have you given any consideration to hedging yourself against the effects of volatility at the loonie?
David B. Henry: We -- well, we are hedged in terms of investments in 2 respects. We have Canadian dollar mortgages on almost all of the properties and then the equity that we've invested in Canada has basically been through a Canadian dollar denominated unsecured bond from Kimco. So the investment itself is hedged, the only part of it that's not hedged is the FFO or the income that comes off at every year and for most years, we've been on the plus. This year, for the first time, we've been on the negative side of that. But again, in terms of the total scope of Kimco, it's not much. And the portfolio itself continues to perform very well.
Operator: Did that answer your question, Mr. Harris?
David Bryan Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Not entirely but I'm not sure I want to pursue it on the conference call.
David B. Henry: We can talk anytime, David.
David Bryan Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: I don't know if you looked at the forecast -- most people's forecast for the expectations of where the Canadian dollar is going to go relative to the U.S. dollar over the next couple of years. My number is you're -- about 5% of your net assets are -- so it's actually about 10%, it's meaningful. You're not going to put currency mismatch but your Canadian exposure is not misaligned with your U.S. exposures we've seen with a number of others REITs that have mismanaged their at foreign exchange exposure. But I still think it potentially is a source for NAV and earnings vulnerability as we go forward.
David B. Henry: Again, we've done the very best we can to match the total investment against Canadian dollars. The income, you are right, it is at risk. But we don't think it's that material.
David Bryan Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Well, the NAV is also at risk.
David B. Henry: But remember, if the Canadian dollar weakens more, the Canadian dollars we're paying back in U.S. dollars also weakens. So I would respectfully disagree with that. The liabilities side also is matched to the asset side because we have Canadian dollar bonds and we have Canadian dollar mortgage.
David Bryan Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Yes. But you got more net asset exposure, gross asset exposure than your liabilities, so there is the net asset exposure here to changes in the FX.
David B. Henry: That's true.
David Bryan Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: And at 10%, it's meaningful. I mean, if I'm right on my numbers -- let's say, just probably a discussion offline some time.
David B. Henry: Yes. We can take that offline, David. We got a few more people in the queue that we want to get to.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Lucas of Capital One Securities.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: David, I just wanted to dig in real quick on the new lease spread. The way you describe it, it sounds like it was more than just a single lease that was responsible for the significant bump. And while I recognize that the amount of your leasing volume is relatively small compared to the overall amount of volume you guys did, I just was kind of curious as to, sort of how you're thinking about that new lease environment and specifically, whether or not we are at the beginning of seeing potentially rent spikes of consequence that are broadly based in the portfolio?
Conor C. Flynn: I'll take the first part. I think the new lease population here, it's relative to our peers. It's actually quite large. We have 153 new leases signed in the quarter. So compare this on our peers, that's actually quite a large population. So we are, I think, actively working towards new leasing and see the pop in terms of where the rents are going. We have replaced some of the lower -- what we like to call the vintage leases. One of them was a below market out plot or pad lease. Some of the other larger deals that we do with TJ Maxx, Home Goods, Sports Authority. We were replacing it all, Kmart box, so yes, we've been able to harvest the upside in these new leases that are replacing some very below market leases.
David B. Henry: And I did want to highlight it in my comments because I do think it is the beginning of a spike in the market rents. Things are popping up nicely, driven by a shortage of a space available. When you combine that 35-year low of new construction with the 5-year high of planned new store openings, good things start to happen in terms of rents. So yes, we feel good about what's happening on the new lease and market rents.
Operator: The next question comes from Nathan Isbee with Stifel.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Conor, just going back to your comment about increased leasing to nail salons and other mom-and-pop service tenants, can you talk about how you're approaching the underwriting of these non-national tenants? And is there any change in how you're approaching it or it's just a function that you're not giving them any TIs and just, taking a flyer at them. And then, I guess, as an extension, how do you think about the mix in the -- in your centers between leasing to a more service-oriented, which might get more people to come in versus the national that could pay a higher rent?
Conor C. Flynn: Sure. It's a good question. We look at every small shop lease individually, and it really comes down to the tenant's financial strength. We look at in great detail on what assets are behind them. So we underwrite them appropriately to figure out what kind of TI payment we feel comfortable giving them. Many times, if it's a mom-and-pop tenant that is a first time user, we steer them to a space that's either previously built out for the same type of use. So the risk is to manage quite a bit, because most of the fixtures and the improvements are already in the space. So the cost to have them open and do business is relatively lower. That being said, there's -- we've had a wonderful track record of a mom-and-pop, especially the nail salons, the hair salons. They are tenants in our shopping centers that have done quite well and have been a good investment for Kimco and Kimco's shareholders. And when comparing and contrasting the service for our local users versus the national, it really comes down to the composition of the asset and the demographics that's surrounding asset. You've got to really put together a nice offering that differentiates yourself. You don't want to have the same type of user lined up or next to each other all the way down to little shops because it really doesn't add to the complexity or the offering that you're trying to give to the neighborhood. So you really just have to take a step back and look at a void analysis, what's missing in the market, what's currently in the shopping center, what's doing well in the shopping center, what's complimentary to the mix that's there and what you can do to actually enhance it. So that's really what we look at. It comes down to the individual tenant, when you're looking at the financial strength and then it comes down to the individual assets, the surrounding demographics when you're deciding on what's the highest and best use.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. I mean, clearly, there's some very fine nail salons out there. The one I use is great. But I mean, you can't argue, that was -- the mom-and-ops were clearly a source of weakness in the previous downturn, so?
Conor C. Flynn: That's true, that's true. And the dollars invested in the pure, local mom-and-pops are significantly lower than the national. So we do have a discount rate appropriate to the risk-taking on that small shop tenant. And most of the small shops that are hurt the hardest in the last downturn, wasn't really the nail salons or the hair salons. It was more of the specialty users that were offering something that couldn't compete with the online world and the big-box retailers that just got demolished when the downturn occurred.
David B. Henry: And I would add one comment. The community banking system is coming back and that's the source of capital for most of these small tenants. So you are the jewelry store looking for a second location, the dry cleaner looking for a second location, so that bodes well for us as well.
David F. Bujnicki: Andrew, we have time for one final question.
Operator: The last question will come from Linda Tsai, Barclays.
Linda Yu Tsai - Barclays Capital, Research Division: What percentage of your leases constitute vintage leases? And over the next few years, how much of an impact do you think this can have on the blended rent spread?
David F. Bujnicki: Linda, most of that was covered in our Investor Day, I do have that information, I'll be more than happy to share with you. At my fingertips, we don't have that right now but that's more than something I can give you immediately after the call.
Operator: Please go ahead.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Andrew. Thanks to everybody that participated on our call today. If you have some additional questions that you weren't able to get to on the call, I'll be more than happy to take them all day today. Also, there's additional information for the company that can be found on our supplemental as well as on our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer and Member of Executive Committee Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Conor C. Flynn - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee Raymond Edwards - Former Vice President of Retail Property Solutions
Analysts: Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Kimco's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Andrew, and thank you all for joining Kimco's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, the President and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer; Conor Flynn, our Chief Operating Officer, as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that, we believe, help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations, net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning, and thanks for calling in this morning. We are very pleased to report strong fourth quarter results. Glenn and Conor will provide the details, but, in general, our operating metrics are excellent, led by our U.S. same-site NOI growth of 4.1% for the fourth quarter and 3.8% for the full year. The same-site number, which increased from the prior quarter, together with our substantial increase in occupancy, provides solid evidence of the continued strength and health of our core portfolio of neighborhood and community shopping centers. Looking at the shopping center industry overall. Leasing activity continues to be strong with both occupancy and effective rent strengthening. The International Council of Shopping Centers, ICSC, our industry trade group, announced this week that the U.S. shopping center industry NOI grew 8% in 2013, which, while not a same-site number, represents the best annual growth rate since 2008. Brick-and-mortar holiday sales were also up 2.4% year-over-year despite awful weather and 6 fewer shopping days. Clothing, sporting goods and hobbies were particularly strong and the "daily spend" by consumers is now the highest in 6 years. National retailers continue their expansion plans with more than 81,000 new stores planning to open over the next 24 months. Despite the growth of e-commerce sales, the shopping center industry is benefiting from population growth, very limited new development and GDP growth exceeding 2%. This is translating into occupancy gains, rent increases and NOI growth across our sector. Kimco's own key metrics and operating results are robust and give us confidence that 2014 will again produce solid results across our portfolio. In Latin America, we continue to make excellent progress with our disposition activities. We sold 5 additional shopping centers in the fourth quarter, bringing our 2013 gross sales in Latin America to $1.1 billion. As recently announced by the buyer, a joint venture of Macquarie Mexico REIT and Frisa, Kimco has signed a purchase contact to sell 9 of its remaining Mexico shopping centers, comprising 2.1 million square feet to the Macquarie joint venture. Closing is expected within the next 30 days. In addition, we now have signed letters of intent or contracts on 13 additional shopping centers, 12 in Mexico and our single last property in Chile. Only 5 existing shopping centers in a small net lease portfolio in Mexico remain unspoken for at this time. North of the border, our Canadian portfolio remains strong and a significant contributor to our earnings despite the recent currency decline of the Canadian dollar. Kimco's Canadian high-quality portfolio, overall, remains well occupied at 96.3% and we are benefiting from the continued expansion of U.S. retailers in and into Canada. This week, Walmart announced plans to open 35 additional supercenters in Canada over the next 12 months. Target also announced plans to open 9 more stores in Canada, bringing their Canadian store count to 133. Nordstrom, Saks, Uniqlo and DSW are also on their way into Canada. In the U.S., as Glenn will detail, our recycling efforts continue at a solid pace with Kimco purchasing high-quality retail properties and selling its equity interests in nonstrategic shopping centers. Step-by-step, the profile of our portfolio is improving significantly in terms of demographics, average rents, NOI growth profile and primary markets. Coupled with our redevelopment efforts, which Conor will cover, our new acquisitions and partner buyout activities will provide strong future NOI growth. We are particularly excited about our pending acquisition of the 24-property Boston area of retail portfolio, which should close in March. In addition, we are under contract for Crossroads Plaza, a Class A dominant regional power center in Raleigh, North Carolina; and Quail Corner, a Harris Teeter grocery-anchored shopping center in a high-income suburb of Charlotte, North Carolina. Subsequent to year end, Kimco also closed on the acquisition of 3 grocery-anchored shopping centers in the Greater Baltimore area from one of our institutional joint venture partners. Now I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details of the quarter to be followed by Conor's in-depth discussion of our portfolio results. And then Milton will, as usual, provide some general observations.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. We finished up 2013 on solid footing, delivering very strong operating metrics for the quarter and the full year while continuing our portfolio transformation. As we reported last night, FFO as adjusted and headline FFO each came in at $0.33 per share for the quarter, bringing FFO as adjusted to $1.33 per share for the full year, representing a 5.6% increase over 2012 and achieving the upper end of our 2013 guidance range. Our key portfolio of operating metrics of same-site NOI growth, occupancy and leasing spreads were the highlights of the quarter. Combined same-site NOI growth was 3.4% for the quarter, which includes a 70 basis point negative impact from currency. The U.S. portfolio was the key driver, generating same-site NOI growth of 4.1%. For the full year combined same-site NOI growth reached 3.5%, including a 30 basis point negative impact from currency and the U.S. portfolio delivered 3.8% growth. Our pro rata occupancy rate increased 50 basis points during the quarter for both the U.S. portfolio and the combined portfolio, bringing occupancy to 94.9% for the U.S. and 94.5% for the combined portfolio. These levels represent increases of 100 basis points and 70 basis points, respectively, over the 2012 levels. Leasing spreads were solid with new leases providing an 8.2% increase and renewals and options coming in at an increase of 5.2% for a combined 5.9% increase for the fourth quarter. For the full year, leasing spreads delivered a positive growth rate of 7.7%, comprised of 15.6% for new leases and 5.9% for renewals and options. These excellent operating metrics are the direct result of our transformation and simplification efforts thus far, an improving economy and the hard work of all of our leasing and property management associates. We've continued to be active capital recyclers and the fourth quarter was no exception. We completed the sale of 14 nonstrategic U.S. shopping centers for a gross price of $192 million and a cap rate of 6.7, and quickly redeployed the proceeds acquiring 14 shopping centers in our key markets for a gross price of $248 million at similar cap rate to those disposed of. In addition, as Dave mentioned, we sold 5 more assets in Latin America for a gross sales price of $40 million, including the complete exit of Brazil with the sale of the 2 Brazilian assets. We now have 1 property remaining in Chile, which we expect to complete the sale of during the first quarter of 2014, and 2 small properties in Peru, one which is already under contract. As part of our simplification strategy, we are in active negotiations or available or at LOIs for many of the remaining assets in Mexico. And we expect to substantially complete these transactions by the middle of 2014. In addition to our excellent portfolio of operating metrics, we were successful in improving our balance sheet metrics as well. We improved our consolidated net debt to recurring EBITDA to 5.5x and increased our fixed charge coverage to 2.9x. We took full advantage of the low interest rate environment during 2013, issuing a 10-year U.S. bond at 3 1/8% in May and a 7-year 3.855% Canadian bond in July, using the proceeds to repay higher coupon debt, generating annual savings of over $13 million. Our liquidity position remains in excellent shape with over $1.4 billion of immediate availability and very manageable debt maturities in 2014. We are pleased with our execution and results for 2013 and have a clear, focused strategy as articulated at our Investor Day in December. I've seen this transformation, simplification and redevelopment, TSR, to drive total shareholder return with some extra from the plus business. We plan to deliver on this strategy in 2014 and beyond. Let me provide some color around our 2014 recurring earnings guidance. We are affirming our 2014 FFO as adjusted per share guidance range of $1.36 to $1.40 with a midpoint of $1.38. At the midpoint range, the FFO per share growth is just under 4%. This guidance range is based solely on recurring flows and does not include any transaction income or expense. We expect to achieve this solid growth level despite the dilutive impact from the dispositions of InTown Suites, the American Industries portfolio and the net acquisition and disposition activity during 2013. Several of the underlying assumptions used to determine the guidance range include an increase in overall occupancy of 50 to 75 basis points, combined positive same-site NOI growth of 2.5% to 3.5%, the benefit of reduced borrowing costs and reduced G&A expense. In addition, we expect to continue the transformation and further improvement of the portfolio through significant disposition and acquisition activity. The guidance range assumes the monetization of substantially all assets in Mexico by the middle of 2014 and the sale of U.S. assets throughout the year, yielding proceeds in the $700 million to $900 million range. Proceeds from the dispositions will be used to acquire U.S. shopping centers in our targeted markets with a gross acquisition range of $900 million to $1.1 billion. The guidance range is very sensitive to the timing of the acquisition and disposition activity. Our 2014 capital plan does not assume any new common equity requirements and supports our recently increased dividend level of $0.225 per quarter, which equates to an FFO average yield of 65%. We're the lowest in the REIT industry. With that, I'll turn it over to Conor.
Conor C. Flynn: Thanks very much, Glenn, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will review the progress made on our portfolio strategy, give an update on asset recycling activities and address fourth quarter and full year performance. At our recent Investor Day, as Glenn mentioned, we outlined our portfolio strategies for the next 3 to 5 years, transformation, simplification and redevelopment, to drive total shareholder return. There are significant growth opportunities embedded in our portfolio, such as redevelopment, releasing and management efficiencies, which will continue to drive net asset value. We continue to build on the existing critical mass in our key territories where we have boots on the ground, local expertise and the ability to create value. We believe the current environment highlighted by available capital, modest interest rates and limited supply make this an optimum time to accelerate the transformational aspect of our strategy. We continue to dispose assets where we perceive risks, either in the form of lower growth profiles, below-average metrics or that are located in noncore markets. During 2013, 35 properties were sold for a gross price of $349.7 million at a cap rate of 7.6%. But disposing assets is only one side of the equation. We have also been acquiring larger and higher-quality assets, possessing growing cash flows that are located in strong demographic markets. For the full year, Kimco acquired 23 retail properties totaling $640 million at a cap rate of 6.8%, in line with our communicated strategy of simplifying the business and leveraging our relationships. Five of those sites were acquired from existing joint ventures. One recent acquisition is an off-market grocery portfolio that we structured as a sale-leaseback with Winn-Dixie. We acquired 6 sites punctuated by Marathon Center, a 106,000 square foot high-volume center anchored by Winn-Dixie. Marathon is also anchored by a Kmart, paying below-market rent that expires in 2017 with no remaining options and we are excited about the great redevelopment opportunities this presents. The site is located in the Florida Keys, an area with high barriers to entry and limited new development. We expect our asset recycling program will lead to continued portfolio strengthening and a continued upgrade in quality. Turning to redevelopment activities. During the fourth quarter, we moved 35 projects with a gross costs of $109 million to the asset redevelopment pipeline. Through the second half of 2013, we increased the redevelopment pipeline by $400 million to $778 million, comprising a total of 262 projects. We continue to mine the portfolio for redevelopment opportunities where we can add a grocery component and believe that the large expansion plans of traditional, specialty and ethnic grocery chains will provide numerous opportunities to significantly increase our percentage of grocery anchors in the portfolio. This quarter, we signed 5 new grocery leases, including Publix at Belmart Plaza in West Palm Beach, Florida where we will be demolishing a former Winn-Dixie box and building a new Publix grocery-anchored center. In total, we acquired 11 grocery-anchored assets this quarter, increasing our grocery exposure to nearly 60% of our total portfolio of base rent. While our redevelopment projects have aimed at retenanting our centers with quality creditworthy tenants, our leasing teams have continued to focus on recycling our tenant mix to reduce our exposure to at-risk retailers. In 2013, we reduced our exposure to Kmart and Sears, redeveloping these bases for high-quality tenants at better rents. In Ocala, Florida, for example, we released the former Kmart box to Burlington Coat Factory for 179% rent increase. And at Fairview Heights, Fresh Thyme Farmers Market took a portion of the former Kmart box for a 279% rent increase. Additionally, we reduced our exposure to office supply stores in 7 locations. We are also very active on the small shop recycling front. National restaurant chains, including Chipotle and Panera, are replacing noncredit operators. Medical and personal service industries such as urgent care, weight loss centers, hair and nail salons and massage spas are showing positive net absorption. Indeed, these service-oriented businesses, which are e-commerce resistant, are a growing part of our shopping center evolution. The increase in small shop occupancy continues to be driven by positive net absorption and the disposition of riskier assets. We continue to see significant demand for opportunities in proven retail nodes and high occupancies across the industry are driving rents. Kimco is benefiting from this trend through higher rents for a larger portion of our portfolio as below-market leases mature and anchor boxes are redeveloped for strong junior anchor lineups. Our average base rent per square foot increased in 2013 by $0.41 or 3% from $12.58 to $12.99. And we only see opportunity for healthier increases as 86 anchor leases expire through 2017 with no further options and a 20% spread on mark-to-market. For example, there are 5 Kmarts expiring through 2017 that are 253% below market and 10 office supply stores that are 69% below market. Our 32 Kmart stores represent only 1.4% of AVR at an average base rent of $5.62 per square foot. We have 3 Sears representing 0.1% of AVR at an average rent of $5.56 a foot. As far as J.C. Penney is concerned, we have 4 locations representing 0.1% of AVR at an average base rent of $6.28 a foot. This quarter, in Philadelphia, we recaptured a J.C. Penney box and are redeveloping this space with Burlington Coat and Bob's Discount Furniture where we will be adding vertical transportation for the multistory box. We continue to monitor our tenant watch list as we believe, in this environment, recapturing boxes will create strong leasing spreads and redevelopment opportunities. The recovery of the small shop segment of the business continues to be a positive sign as annual increases and lease trends are creeping back to prerecession highs in our key markets. This segment will continue to improve with the economy as it is closely tied to housing market, job market and consumer confidence. Credit quality is important to us and our large balanced portfolio mitigates individual retailer exposure. Among our top 20 tenants, we have the largest proportion of A-rated ABR among our peers. Still, we continue to monitor our watch list and believes this environment provides unique opportunity to recapture these boxes for redevelopment, resulting in stronger leasing spreads. And now turning to our results. U.S. same-site NOI increased by 4.1% pro rata, representing the 15th consecutive quarter of positive growth. When we include LTAs, as some of our peers do, our same-site NOI jumps to 5.3%. Leasing spreads for both new leases and renewals have now been positive for 11 consecutive quarters. Fourth quarter new leasing spreads were 8.2%, driven mainly by our junior anchor deals and midsized shops. The benefits of our redevelopment projects drove spreads this quarter with retailers like Bob's Discount Furniture and Burlington Coat Factory taking the former J.C. Penney space in Philadelphia at a 64% spread. We've additionally continued to reap the benefits of holding leases in our portfolio with a 20-year-old Stein Mart in Webster, Texas, renewing at a market rent at a 35% spread. Over Kimco's long history, we have been able to adapt to the ever-changing retail environment. And today, we continue to employ a proactive approach to our positioning our portfolio for tomorrow. We maintain a constant dialogue with our tenants and have excellent relationships on a national and local level that help us identify new and emerging trends very early. We are constantly evaluating how we can further improve the appeal of our centers, be it through new amenities, energy-monitoring initiatives, innovative retailer incentive programs and technology, we continue to improve and pilot programs to adapt the dynamic retail landscape. In closing, it is an exciting time for Kimco, and I look forward to providing updates on our transformation, simplification and redevelopment progress, which is well underway and already yielding results. And now I will turn it over to Milton for his closing remarks.
Milton Cooper: Thank you, Conor. I believe we are in the sweet spot in the ownership of retail real estate. There has been virtually no growth in shopping center supply since 2009, while on the demand side, we still have strong population growth. As pointed out by an astute analyst, the 2009 to 2013 period is the first time since 1974 that GLA for shopping centers has declined on a per capita basis. The performance of our value-oriented retailers, discounters, warehouse clubs, grocers and retailers selling essential goods has been strong. Our largest tenant is TJX. They have done quite well and are planning to open 700 stores over the next 5 years. We own over 130 TJX stores in their various formats. And we plan to expand substantially with them over the next 5 years. Among our peers, we are also the largest landlord of Home Depot and Costco stores. Both of these tenants have had excellent results and have strong balance sheets. These tenants are also very positive about our property type. Now it's not to say that the viability of retailers will ever change. Let me remind you that some time ago, an entire retail segment disappeared. I'm referring to the variety stores: Woolworths, Newberry's, G.C. Murphy, S.S. Kresge, gone. Yet all of that space has been replaced: Venture Stores, W.T. Grant, others have also disappeared, but since then, have all been replaced. Overall, we have properties that essentially consist of retailers that are value oriented or have excellent credit, such as Walmart, Target, or retailers that sell everyday necessities, grocers, services such as health clubs, nail salons and dry cleaners. And unlike other industries, we do not run the risk of technological obsolescence. There are some technology companies that sell at huge multiples and a new invention could dramatically affect their existence. Think about Polaroid, think about carbon paper, and more recently, cassettes and CD papers. The quality of our portfolio is getting better and better as we transform it and the best test is the same-store growth in our properties and that has been outstanding. I like where our portfolio of properties is going and I like the way our portfolio of people are developing. We always talk about TSR. We're transforming the quality of our portfolios. And by the way, to sell over $1 billion of low-quality assets at a higher cap rate and to buy higher-quality assets at a lower cap rate and still, despite the dilution, delivered growth in earnings is something to pound our chest about. We are simplifying our business by exiting Mexico and South America and reducing the number of our joint ventures and we're going to take advantage of redevelopment opportunities. Now in addition, what is really unique about Kimco is in our plus business, run by Ray Edwards and myself. Over the years, as you know, we have had a track record of having sizable profits in this business. As of today, our investment in the SUPERVALU shares has added annualized returns of 38%. In our investment analysis, we have received almost 5x our money back and our share of the equity above our course [ph] in the overall venture is still quite substantial. It's not too shabby for a small overhead operation. As we're excited about 2014 and as Conor has outlined earlier, transformation, simplification and redevelopment programs are well underway. And we look forward to harvest the fruits of our execution. And with that, we'll be delighted to take any questions.
David F. Bujnicki: Andrew, we're ready to move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: About 19.3% of Kimco's ABR comes from U.S. markets outside the top 40 MSAs. Just given your acquisition and disposition plans, where do you think that number might be in, say, 3 years' time?
Conor C. Flynn: Well, as you know, we're very focused on reducing that. And I think in 3 years' time, our goal is to cut that in half. It's really to -- we have our disposition pipeline now that targets about 10% of that and so 50% of what you're talking about is we plan to exit in 3 years.
Operator: The next question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Conor, I have a multi-part question on the redevelopment pipeline. What is your share of the $223 million in process and the $778 million total pipeline? How would you characterize the 37 smaller projects in your in-process pipeline? And when you think about anchor replacement versus sort of true redevelopment, how do you decide what to include and exclude from your re-leasing spread calculation?
Conor C. Flynn: Why don't I start with -- the smaller projects on the redevelopment pipeline are typically out-parcels where we're creating a pad or a multi-tenant building, where we're developing it in the parking of the shopping center. Our share of the redevelopments, I can get that for you. It's really -- let me pull it up right here, it's about $409 million of the total pipeline, $409,200,000. So it really -- now a lot of those projects are still in joint ventures and we've shown that we have the opportunity to buy our joint venture partners out in certain cases. So there is a potential to increase that share as we have the kit [ph] portfolio in the market and a few other portfolios in the market. Can you repeat the third or the fourth question?
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So when you think about sort of anchor replacements versus like true revenue-generating redevelopment, how do you decide what to include in your re-leasing spread calculation?
Conor C. Flynn: Our re-leasing spread is very much focused on just the re-leasing of the box. Where it's a redevelopment, we're doing something to the box. We're expanding it, we're cutting it, we're redoing the shopping center. So if it's a pure tenant-out, tenant-in type of analysis, that's a re-leasing spread. Where we consider if we have to do something to the box then it's considered a redevelopment.
Christy McElroy - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So if you're replacing a former Filene's Basement with a Nordstrom Rack and a DSW, that's not included in the re-leasing spreads?
Conor C. Flynn: That one is -- that one is, because we actually -- we didn't do anything to the box. So the box, as it stands and we're actually just putting a Nordstrom Rack in one portion of the box and DSW in the other portion.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Morgan of MLV.
Paul Morgan - MLV & Co LLC, Research Division: Just on the acquisitions, you gave $900 million to $1.1 billion -- I guess, first of all, is that -- I don't recall exactly what it was before that, a higher guidance? And then a lot of the focus has been in terms of the recent activity in the Sun Belt and I'm just wondering is that an explicit target? Or is this opportunity based? And maybe kind of is the cap rate for a high-quality asset in some of those markets in the Sun Belt more advantageous to you in your view than in the Northeast Corridor and the West Coast?
Glenn G. Cohen: Paul, first, part of what we have this we've already lined up things like the Boston portfolio. We've closed on a couple of properties in our LaSalle joint venture. So almost half of the amount that I mentioned, roughly $500 million, has already been targeted. The balance is really going to come based on our pace of dispositions and the opportunities that present themselves. But those targets are based really on the activity we see coming forward and we think that we'll be able to achieve those levels. They're pretty much in line with what we talked about at our Investor Day. And again, it's going to be subject to the level of dispositions that happen.
David B. Henry: We do, Paul, on your second part of your question, we do look at a lot of transactions. The 2 that I mentioned in North Carolina where we are very excited about because we like North Carolina, long term. We like the demographics, we like the prognosis. Both Raleigh and Charlotte are dynamic good markets. And the truth is we can get a little bit higher yield in those markets than we can other places. But we look at all of our key markets actively across-the-board.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I just wanted to get a little more color on Puerto Rico. I didn't hear it in your opening comments. If you could just give a sense for how the NOI trends have been there both in the quarter and then for the full year, as well as rent spreads. And bigger part of that is, obviously, we've all read the headlines and you can see all that stuff. But just really seeing over the past year or 2, if there's been any change in U.S. tenant interest in going down to the island?
Glenn G. Cohen: Sure. I'll take the first part of it, Alex. The same-site NOI growth for the quarter was 5.7% and for the year in Puerto Rico, it was 4.4%. And the occupancy level is up 130 basis points. So it began the year at 96.7% and ended at 98%.
Conor C. Flynn: I'll just mention that our portfolio, that occupancy is the highest it's ever been. If you go to Puerto Rico, you'll start to see that the macro environment doesn't necessarily reflect the portfolio that we currently own. The parking lots are full, the retailers are doing exceptionally well and the high sales that these retailers are producing are attracting other like kind retailers to come down to the market. PetSmart is extremely aggressive down there, Petco as well. Anna's Linens does phenomenally down there. And we're continuing to see more and more retailers contact us for opportunities. But as you can tell, our portfolio is pretty well occupied so it's very hard to find those opportunities in Puerto Rico. And we anticipate another grocer coming to Puerto Rico shortly. We think that, that's a real opportunity to bring a national brand to Puerto Rico.
David B. Henry: From a very high level, Alex, when you read the negative headlines, you have to remember that Puerto Rico is very supply constrained from a retail perspective. It's got a fraction of the retail per capita that the U.S. does. And so shopping centers are generally very well occupied and rents are still on the way up despite the economic problems of Puerto Rico.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, perfect. So as far as all the headlines, I mean, none of it -- the retailers at the end of the day are focused on making money. And as long as they're still making money, they're not dissuaded by any of these headlines.
David B. Henry: Exactly.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I recognize this may be more of a mall question, but can you update us with your general thoughts on how the thread of closures from Sears, Kmart, Penney's play out? And I guess maybe as a follow-up, whether or not you think discount retailers and other box unit -- users are going to look for unit growth by retrofitting those spaces or sort of ground-up construction? And I guess, lastly, is there an investment opportunity in there for Kimco?
Conor C. Flynn: Let me take the last part. We do think that there's opportunity there. We do think that we've been -- I think, we've been monitoring this for a long period of time and everybody has their thoughts on what's really going to happen 2, 3, 5 years from now to those retailers you mentioned. We do think there's opportunities to retrofit boxes if the box is in good condition, if the ceiling height is right, if the space lays out correctly. We've seen that Bed Bath & Beyond will take the entire box and put all 3 or 4 of their concepts into the box. We've also seen it work where you have a Burlington Coat come in and take an existing Sears box. Where I think it gets challenging is if the box hasn't been touched for 50 years. But if you take a few Kmarts, for example, there's really no way to retrofit that box. You've got to tear it down. You've got to start fresh, but that's not necessarily a bad thing because that allows you to really have a blank slate, an open palette to create a dynamic retailer lineup to help revitalize the shopping center.
David B. Henry: And Jeff, I'll comment on the first part. In general, if you look across our industry, Kimco and all of our peers, our occupancy is the highest in our bigger boxes. So when you get above 10,000 square feet, we're all 97%, 98% leased these days. So to the extent that one of these big guys comes more available like Kmart, I think it will be rapidly absorbed by the junior anchors that are expanding. TJX and Ross, together, are going to open 200 stores a year for the foreseeable future. So there's this enormous growth of some of the junior anchors and boxes that we do business with. The Bed Bath & Beyonds are at least 25, 30 stores a year. The Petco, the PetSmarts, the Hobby Lobbys, I mean, they're all growing like crazy and these boxes, as Conor described, in the right situations, can work well for these tenants.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just want to go back to disposition commentary in terms of the pace of dispositions dictating some of the acquisitions beyond the $500 million. Just curious how demand trends are for dispositions of the type that you're trying to complete. Are you seeing a pickup in the interest? Or has some of the uncertainties that have kind of unfolded here over the fall here changed anybody's outlook or appetite?
Glenn G. Cohen: Vince, I think we feel good about being able to sell the assets that we're trying to market. We packaged up quite a few of them, and I think you'll start to see a lot more activity happening really in the second quarter on those. But I think the market's in good shape. The capital markets are in excellent shape. The CMBS market is in excellent shape. So there's clearly capital available and there is demand for the product type today because of its yield.
Conor C. Flynn: Right. So instead, the sun, moon and stars are all lined up in terms of the market right now for that type of products. So where we can expedite it, where we can do a larger package of assets, that's what we're looking at and trying to make sure we execute.
David B. Henry: And then cap rates are drifting down even for the B properties these days.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And at this point, do you think there's a portfolio sale premium? Or do you think it's still better off selling single assets?
Glenn G. Cohen: You will find out.
David B. Henry: We have a large portfolio in the market now, and we are accepting bids on both the portfolio as a whole and the individual assets. So that'll be a good test to it. We'll see.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Sullivan of Cowen.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A question really for Conor on the impact of -- excuse me, the increasing occupancy rates. In prior periods where your occupancy rates have reached these kind of levels, you've typically been able to maintain double-digit leasing spreads on a several quarter basis. And how close are we to getting to that point, number one. And number two, regarding the LTAs, in the prepared comments you noted the increase in the LTAs last year. Is that a trend, do you think, we're going to see for awhile here or not?
Conor C. Flynn: I think you're going to start to see LTAs become a factor as landlords can get more aggressive in trying to recapture some of these boxes. There's such a lack of new supply that, I think, we can be more proactive on that and really see how we can harvest the portfolio and see if we can create more opportunity that way. On your question on redevelopment...
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, the spreads on the re-leasing, I think, you're right on. We've got probably about another, I would say, 96.5%, I think, is our target to hit in terms of occupancy. So we do believe we can raise the occupancy a little bit more. But you're starting to going to see it come from re-leasing spreads. You're going to see it come from small shop occupancy gains. And you'll see the anchor box re-leasing spreads to be strong as well because these boxes that are coming due without any options, there's bidding wars out there now, which wasn't the case a few years ago. So it's an exciting spot to be in.
David B. Henry: And rents are jumping not by 2%, 3%, they're jumping by $1, $2, $3. So that's what gives us some comfort. And rents still aren't back to prerecession levels, so we still have a ways to go.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Sakwa of ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: On Page 7 of the Supplemental, you guys disclosed kind of the lease occupancy and the economic occupancy. It's about 240 basis points today. I'm curious sort of what's that spread been historically? How tight can it get? And kind of over what period of time should that incremental NOI that, I guess, is ineffectively signed and in place but not yet income producing, how long does it take to kind of show up in the income statement?
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes, I mean, historically, it's been somewhere between 150 and 175 basis points and it takes 6 months or so. We signed a lot of leases at the end of the year and those leases, the rentals start flowing when you deliver the space to the tenants, which is anywhere from -- it can be 3 to 6 months. But on general, I would say around 6 months we'll start seeing it flow.
Conor C. Flynn: That's right. And we had a huge leasing volume this past quarter. So as Glenn mentioned, you'll start to see that flow 60 to 90 days past.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And is there anything different about the environment today that would allow that 150 to 175 gap to narrow?
Glenn G. Cohen: We have a very large portfolio. We're signing roughly 2 million square feet of space every quarter. So it really is dependent on the deal volume that you have. But again, if you look historically, that's where it's been. I don't see it really changing a whole lot.
Conor C. Flynn: Really, what we're focused on is trying to expedite the rent commencement date and to try and shorten that deal curve as much as possible. But it does take time to get the tenants in, to get them built and open and operating. So as much as we can, we're going to try and shorten that, but it still takes time.
Operator: The next question comes from Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Milton, you were talking a little bit about the results so far of the SVU transaction. Other than the share price performance, can you talk to us a little bit about whether or not you were able to accomplish some of the goals on the real estate front? And whether as you go into year 2, 3 and the future of that investment, whether you're going to be able to recapture some real estate at what could be an advantageous price?
Milton Cooper: That is the fourth objective and we have had several transactions where we were able to acquire real estate from the vending partners in each case. We had outside appraisals, some of it was fair. But it really has worked for us and I think that those companies are relatively real estate-rich. So bottom line is that our objective is to not only make money on the investment, but to obtain real estate other than bidding for it in the marketplace. And that's we have done and will continue to do, Cedrik.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Sorry, so how much have you been able to acquire so far in real estate from SVU?
Conor C. Flynn: We have about 3 properties we're under contract to acquire in adjacent shopping centers that we own from them and we're looking at some other deals. There are also properties where there are tenants looking to restructure some leases and things like that, that could benefit the long-term value of the property. So the company right now, Cedrik, is focused 150% on improving the business. And they want to work with us, but we don't want to distract them from their main goal of that. But I think at stabilized, we'll be able to work with them, but we don't want them to lose sight of their main goal, which is to create the value in the operating business. So the early stage is hard to get a lot in control.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I guess there's always got to be something and lately I've been hearing more talk that the bank branches at shopping centers are all going to disappear. And I know Bank of America, I think, is #46 on your tenant list, so not a big deal. But I'm curious what you're hearing about bank branches? What you think about that situation? And who might be likely replacements?
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, bank branches have been on a target list for awhile of understanding that they are going more to the ATM and less tellers. A lot of the banks have been putting private wealth management into the bank branches to try and create more value, but they are still reducing the amount of branches across the country. Now those pieces of real estate are typically the best located in the shopping centers. So they command the highest rents and are usually great real estate to recapture because of today's environment with all the restaurants that are very aggressive to wanting to be upfront. Those spaces are typically pads that can be repositioned very easily with significant value creation involved. So it is something we've been watching. I think that trend will continue as technology becomes. More and more people are banking online and are really using technology to go less and less to a bank branch.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just real quick, Conor, is that right that the only real exposure you guys have is Bank of America at 0.4% of rents?
Conor C. Flynn: That would be the largest in terms of the bank branches that we have, but we do have a number of banks across the portfolio. So that's the largest single exposure.
David B. Henry: And there still are banks that are expanding their branch networks. So it's not they're all going down. TD, as an example, has been very aggressive at taking branches from other banks that are downsizing.
Conor C. Flynn: And credit unions, too. Credit unions have seen a big...
Operator: The next question comes from Haendel St. Juste of Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I'm looking at Page 30 here of the Supplemental, see that new leases in Canada were down 8.2% and also down 16% in Latin America. We know you're continuing your exit from Latin America. But was wondering if you could provide some color, more color around demand for retail space in Canada and Latin America? And then in light of the positive commentary you made earlier in your remarks about Canada, when does that translate into positive leasing spread?
David B. Henry: In Canada, we were hit with a couple of things; one is the currency. Obviously, the Canadian dollar has weakened dramatically and if you took the currency impact out of it, we would have had positive same-site numbers in Canada. But in addition, as you know, Zellers closed its chain across Canada, selling most of the stores to Target, but not all. So we do have 2 empty Zellers stores that ended up in the numbers. One of those has been re-leased, so you'll see that turn around in the future. So even though this quarter's a little bit down from what we normally expect, Canada should continue to do very well. And you have to put it in the context that Canada just didn't have the decline that the U.S. had, so it's always been kind of a steady eddy for us. So it's not in a recovery phase, if you will. So we still feel very good about what's going to happen longer term in Canada in terms of same-site and rent growth. Like Puerto Rico, it's supply constrained in a sense that it's only got about 60% of the retail per capita that the U.S. has and there's enormous demand for space by retailers. And you see the evidence of that in development activity picking up mostly in urban locations in Canada. So I think this is a 1-quarter blip, primarily driven by the currency. In Latin America, we've been selling a lot of properties so the numbers are jumbled. Some of our best properties were in the early rounds of what we've sold. But on the ground, we're seeing pretty good tenant demand. Our job is to keep our operating partners focused on the leasing as we move towards closing these properties. As I mentioned, all but 5 are now spoken for. And so within the next 3 to 6 months, they should be closed and gone. So it's a little bit of wind-down activity, which should -- it's not representative of the actual demand for space in Mexico. You probably saw yesterday, they were upgraded to investment grade by Moody's, which, I think, gives you an indication of what's going on in the Mexican economy, which is strong. And both domestic and international retailers are expanding in Mexico. So I think the long term is positive for Mexico on the ground and retail space.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Appreciate that. And just to clarify on an earlier comment about your 2014 investment activity, should we assume the spreads -- similar spreads for this year as incurred last year at 80 bps more or less of dispositions versus acquisitions, is that a fair assumption?
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes, are you talking about in terms of the dilution?
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right.
Glenn G. Cohen: I mean, again, yes, it's probably around 100 basis points.
David B. Henry: Okay. I'd say it's a good solid. I mean, the better properties today are trading at that 6-ish and we're doing pretty good when we sell the stuff we're selling at 7 or maybe even a little higher. So the gross cap rate difference is at least 100 basis points.
Operator: The next question comes from Ki Bin Kim of SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just going back to your earlier comments about e-commerce, it seems like the e-commerce industry itself has slowly changed in the past 5 years. And I guess, first, it really targeted the power center type of tenants, commodity-like items and now they've gone towards more malls. So my question is if you look at your power center portfolio, what percent of the tenant mix would you categorize as very Internet-resistant? And could you comment on the difference in performance between power centers and strip centers in your portfolio today?
David B. Henry: Well, let me take a stab at the e-commerce question. Just about all retailers are affected to some degree by e-commerce and they range from very limited impact like barbershops and grocery stores and things like that all the way up to the electronics and booksellers that have been victims of the e-commerce trend. And a lot of our retailers fall somewhat in the middle. What's encouraging to us is a couple of things, almost all of these better retailers have found ways to blend their own e-commerce online activities with their brick-and-mortar activities and they're getting very good at it. And in many cases, they're taking share away from the Internet-only sellers, if you will, because they can provide delivery services much more efficiently. They're closer to the customers. And in terms of what impact it has on our space, what we're seeing is the bigger retailers are converting portions of their stores to what they call fulfillment centers. So these stores are not only showroom and sales space, but they're also delivery centers. Macy's, I believe, has announced that they've already converted 500 of their department stores, a substantial amount of the space in those 500 stores, to fulfillment centers. So as they take online orders, they take it directly out of the stores. And most of these brick-and-mortar retailers love it when goods are returned because they sell $1.30 to $1.40 for every $1 that's returned to the stores. Sometimes they get a new customer that sees new merchandise and so forth. So that they're finding very effective ways to blend those operations together. Gap is another great example of working well and I think more than 30% of their sales are now online and they've managed to bring their brands all together with online. So right now, it hasn't slowed -- none of this e-commerce activity has slowed down the demand for space. It has shrunk their prototypes. So for instance, Old Navy, I know that it used to have 25,000 square feet. Now, it's more like 17,000 as their newer prototype. But it hasn't slowed down their demand in terms of looking at that space. So we see the TJXs of the world, the Rosses, as I mentioned, the Petco and so forth growing like crazy even as they expand their own online activities. And the saving grace for us as landlords is there's just no new building out there. So instead of building 2,000 shopping centers a year in the U.S., it's down to less than 100 and retail per capita is going down instead of up. So all of that makes it an effective counterweight to e-commerce. Nobody is going to disagree that e-commerce is taking a bigger and bigger share. But the limited new construction, the GDP positive and the limited new supply has more than offset it. And that proof is in the pudding. All of our occupancies are up, our rents are up and so forth. So we're still on a good trend.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Any difference between performance and power centers or the strips?
David B. Henry: Oh, I'm sorry. Well, again, we -- there's issues that we look at in both. I think the neighborhood centers, which are generally what you would call strips, are generally grocery anchored and they're focused right on the neighborhood and they deliver, as Milton pointed out, essential goods and services. So your dry cleaner, your grocery store, your drugstore, your commercial bank is all there. They're probably a little less vulnerable than power centers that have a Barnes & Nobles, that have a Best Buy and so forth. So I wouldn't disagree with the general theory that perhaps the power centers are a little more vulnerable. But the power centers also have these boxes and chains that are growing like crazy. So the demand for space is still strong even in the power centers.
Conor C. Flynn: I would just add that it's becoming a very blurred line between the power centers and the neighborhood centers and the community centers because, today, there are more grocery retailers entering power centers that had never entered them before. So it's becoming more of, rather than a destination-oriented type shopping center, it's really becoming more of a daily shop and so that's spilling over. The sales volumes would increase across the power center. But as Dave mentioned right now, the power center has been doing quite well because there's such a lack of that big-box opportunity that there's bidding war for those types of opportunities when they come available. Where the grocery-anchored center has done well and the grocery stores continue to show that they're Internet-resistant, but they're mostly using their small shops for their growth. So there's opportunity there as well as the small shops have recovered an increased growth through small shop retail.
David B. Henry: One of the most encouraging signs that we have is the number of retailers that ask us about our watch list. So they're trying to get a proactive jump start on retailers that might give back space and they're starting to get worried themselves about the store counts that they have to achieve over the next couple of years.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Muller of JP Morgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a question on disposition guidance for 2014. The $700 million to $900 million, is that just U.S. volume? Or does that include Latin America as well?
Glenn G. Cohen: That includes Latin America. Latin America will be $500 million of it.
Operator: The next question comes from Nathan Isbee of Stifel.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you break out the same-store revenue versus the same-store expenses expectations that's baked into your guidance for next year? And where do you think there's room to drive operating efficiencies you referenced earlier?
Conor C. Flynn: I'll take the operating efficiency question. I think that when you have a very geographic-centric portfolio, you have more time spent at the property than you would if you were geographically diverse or in your secondary and tertiary markets and don't have an office located right at the shopping center. So we're looking to see as we move towards our goal of a Tier 1 portfolio in our key markets, we think we can have more boots on the ground, more touching and feeling and kicking the tires of these assets to see what we can do to generate growth. Can we come up with more redevelopment opportunities? And I think the more time you spend on each individual asset, the more efficiency you have in terms of you're managing your portfolio by having to travel less, keep your expenses low and potentially have a core group managing a shop -- a portfolio of shopping centers in a very strategic area.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So where do you think your margins can go in that?
Conor C. Flynn: I think we can probably look at -- if we look at where the portfolio will be in 3 to 5 years from now, I think our goal is to actively reduce overhead where we see fit. It's a managing a much smaller number of properties, but the NOI is still going to continue to grow. So we think that we can become more efficient. We don't have a target number yet, but we do believe that there's efficiencies in that.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: All right. And the guidance?
Glenn G. Cohen: Nate, can you clarify your first part of your question?
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, I mean, you came out with a 2.75% to 3.25% on the same-store NOI. I'm just curious how that breaks out between revenue and expenses.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, you'll have somewhere in the 2% range would be coming from the revenue line so the expense side -- again, the expense recovery and piece of it is probably another 50 basis points of it and then you add the other components, which are the other rental revenue and the percentage rent piece, which is -- it's a little subject to change. But the minimum rent is the key driver of the same-site NOI growth in that 2.5% to 3.5% target range.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then non the expense side, are you baking anything in terms of reduction for '14?
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, again, if you look at our margins, they've run overall somewhere in the low-70s and their budgets as we roll them up property-by-property bring us to the same level. So when you talk about expenses, you have certain variable costs, things like snow, landscaping and things like that. It depends on how that all comes together. But our recovery side will improve and that's why there's a piece of that, that is in the same-site NOI growth.
David B. Henry: Right. As the occupancy goes up, we recover more of our expenses.
Operator: The next question comes from Christy McElroy of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Actually, Michael Bilerman. Just a question, I don't know who wants to take it. But Milton, you talked a little bit about sort for the plus strategy and low overhead with you and Ray. I'm just curious how active the plus business is internally in terms of other resources that may be at play, about whether there could be more transaction activity? And as you think about the different areas that the plus business has taken over the years, whether it just be sale-leasebacks or bankruptcies or repositioning some underperforming retail locations or financing, how should we think about potential transaction activity in the plus area?
Milton Cooper: I would think that you'll see substantial activity in 2014 and 2015. I think it'll be dramatically increased in there.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And what does that comprise? What sort of -- where is that emanating from in terms of the types of transactions that Kimco would be involved with?
Raymond Edwards: I mean, historically, we've done deals with financing with retailers that we've kind of put on the back burn for the last couple of years that have been very profitable. So that's an area we can look to grow the business again on that. And again, we're still -- we have very strong relationships with the private equity world and the other people in the turnaround world to get the -- it's really at this point for Milton and I to kind of -- which we have been doing the last 6 months or so, reach out to people and let them know we're kind of interested in doing this business again where we're basically on the sidelines the last few years. But we have very strong relationships and I think people want to work with us and they're happy to hear that we're kind of back in business with them.
David B. Henry: It's a compliment to both Milton and Ray that we are probably one of the first calls by a lot of the private equity companies and other major investors and retailers that are under any kind of distress as they try to unlock real estate value. And to your question on are there resources, we do use our regional field network to help us underwrite these opportunities and that's one of the strengths we bring to our partners. We have the ability to tell them what the replacement rents will be. We have an ability to quickly swarm over a lot of properties and help private equity and others underwrite these things. So it's a good marriage, especially when the opportunity itself is a good one like Albertsons and SUPERVALU.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So it sounds like more of those types of transactions where you'll be partnering and taking a smaller piece but be the real estate expertise.
David B. Henry: Be the real estate partner. That's the key, yes.
Milton Cooper: Exactly right.
Operator: And the last question will come from Ross Nussbaum of UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: If I take a couple of the comments that were made on the call, including what was just said regarding the dramatic increase potentially in the plus business and then I think about what is the lower GLA per capita, which is a function of higher population, as well as the increasing demise of whether it's B malls or tertiary real estate, it kind of seems to me that we're entering a new phase for retail real estate in America where we're seeing a huge segregation in the quality and the growth prospects of retail. And I'm just sort of curious if you generally agree with that statement that the next 5 to 10 years are going to be dramatically different than the last, call it, 10 or 20 in terms of how investment returns are achieved in retail real estate.
David B. Henry: Well, I'll take one stab at that. We are seeing an increasing urbanization. The retailers want to follow the population growth and the job growth and we are seeing a desire and the value of properties that are located in some of our key markets, which are higher-density, higher-income areas. And retailers is definitely following those trends and cap rates and values are definitely following those trends, which is why some of these tertiary areas, and as you referenced, the B malls, the second-class properties are probably going down faster than other things. By the same token, the higher quality is holding up quite well. The rents are up. There's a declining supply of it. The retailers are trying to quickly rent space in these areas. So I would agree with you that there's a dividing going on here and we intend to be part of it, which is why we think it's a great time to sell some of our more tertiary assets and buy some of the things that we think are going to hold up well over the next 5 years.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Andrew, and to everyone that participated on our call today. As a reminder, additional information for the company can be found in our Supplemental, which is posted to our website. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer and Member of Executive Committee Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Conor C. Flynn - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Schaffer Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David L. Wigginton - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc Brandon Cheatham - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division Luke McCarthy
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Kimco's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, sir.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Laura. Thank you, all for joining Kimco's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer; Conor Flynn, Chief Operating Officer; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking and it's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, risks and other uncertainties. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that, we believe, help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question, so all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. With that, I turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning and thanks for calling in this morning. We are happy to report another strong quarter of financial results and progress on our key goals and objectives. Glenn and Conor will provide the details but, in general, our operating metrics are excellent and reflect the continued strength of the neighborhood and community shopping center industry. Leasing activity continues to be robust with increasing rent and excellent leasing spreads. National retailers remain committed to significant expansion plans and almost all geographic areas are reporting improving trends and very little new construction activity. Coupled with population increases and positive, if not, strong GDP growth, we expect our key metrics and recurring rental revenues to remain solid as we enter 2014. As an interesting and encouraging data point, shopping center industry NOI growth has reached a post recession high, according to a database maintained by the NCREIF, the National Council of Real Estate Investment Fiduciaries. It is clear that the fundamentals of our business continue to look very positive. With respect to our results for the quarter, we are making great progress on our major objectives. In Latin America, we have now sold, over the past 2 quarters, 24 shopping centers and 84 industrial buildings, aggregating a gross sales price of well over $1.06 billion. We also expect to sell our remaining 7 properties in South America by year-end and we're actively negotiating the sale of 27 additional shopping centers in Mexico. While many of these sales involve multiple joint venture arrangements, we believe, we will have largely completed the sale of most of our remaining Mexico assets by early next year. Our Canadian portfolio remains a strong and important contributor to our earnings. Portfolio occupancy continues to be very high and many U.S.-based retailers are continuing to expand into Canada with Target and Marshalls leading the charge. Property prices are at exceedingly high levels with pension funds and REITs both chasing a limited supply of high quality properties. In the U.S., with our nonretail portfolio at $120 million today, and on track to be both less than $100 million and less than 1% of our total assets by year-end, please permit us to turn the page and concentrate on our recycling efforts, which entail investing in our retail redevelopment pipeline and selective acquisitions of high-quality retail properties in the U.S. and Canada. This has become our top priority now and we are pleased with our success on both fronts. Looking at our U.S. shopping center portfolio. Conor has done an outstanding job, together with our regional presidents, of identifying and growing our portfolio of redevelopment projects. And this activity will be a very important contributor to our earnings in future years. As Conor will detail, in most cases, we can achieve double-digit returns on the incremental capital invested while also creating a higher quality, more valuable property overall. Retailers are increasingly willing to pay higher rents as part of a property redevelopment and renovation plan, and this both increases our projected returns and also makes more redevelopment projects financially viable. In general, we believe that both our redevelopment projects and our joint venture partner buyout activities such as the recent UBS and KIF acquisitions represent the most attractive and accretive use of capital for us. On the acquisition front, purchases of high quality shopping centers in primary markets are becoming more difficult as cap rates continue to decline for the best properties. That said, we are very excited about winning the recently announced large Boston portfolio due to its growth and redevelopment potential and its large presence in the supply-constrained New England market. Conor will provide more details on this portfolio and why we are so pleased to be adding these properties to our Northeastern region. As a final comment, we're continuing to sell our nonstrategic U.S. retail properties in a disciplined and methodical process. Conor and the regional presidents screen each of our properties for long-term risks such as tenant sales, demographic trends, tenant credit, et cetera, as well as markets with lower long-term growth prospects. We have now sold 133 retail properties since late 2010 comprising almost 14 million square feet. This represents a major change in the profile of our portfolio in terms of both quality and markets. Over time, we are determined to continue to enhance our truly great national portfolio of high-quality retail assets in key markets with terrific long-term growth prospects. Now I would like to turn to Conor and Glenn to be followed by Milton with his general observations and strengths.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. Our solid third quarter results are highlighted by the excellent performance of our core operating portfolio delivering positive same-site NOI growth for the 14th consecutive quarter, positive leasing spreads and increased occupancy levels. In addition, we have been very active on the capital recycling front with the accelerated monetization of our Latin America assets and redeploying the proceeds to acquire high-quality U.S. shopping center assets in our key markets, with demographics and household income levels greater than the national average. Now to some specifics about the quarterly results. As we reported last night, FFO is adjusted, which represents our recurring FFO and excludes transactional income and expense in nonoperating impairments was $0.33 for the quarter as compared to $0.31 last year, a 6.5% increase. The key drivers of the growth rate, $10 million increase in NOI produced by the operating portfolio and reduced preferred stock cost of $7 million, offset by the lower nonretail income of $10 million primarily attributable to the sale of In Town Suites and other non-retail investments during that period. FFO is adjusted for the 9-months is $1 per diluted share. And based on our year-to-date results, we are tightening our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range to $1.32 to $1.33 from the previous range of $1.31 to $1.33. Headline FFO, which represents the official [indiscernible] definition, came in at $0.34 per diluted share as compared to $0.29 last year. Current quarter headline FFO includes transaction income of $15 million from the profit participation on the disposition of a portfolio of nonretail preferred equity investments, offset by a $7 million net of tax non-cash equity loss recognized from the additional Albertsons investment made earlier this year. We remain positive on the initial trends and future potential upside from the Albertsons transaction. The Shopping Center portfolio metrics of occupancy, leasing spreads and same-site NOI growth continue to produce positive results. Total occupancy has increased to 94% up 60 basis points from the year-ago and 20 basis points from the beginning of the year. Separately, U.S. occupancy has increased to 94.4%, up 50 basis points from the beginning of the year. U.S. leasing spreads are up 7.3%, with new leases at 13.7% and renewals and options at 8.4%. Our combined same-site NOI growth was 2.3% for the quarter, including the negative impact from currency of 20 basis points and a negative impact of 20 basis points from adding a large development property in Mexico. Combined same-site NOI growth for the 9 months is 3.4% and we maintain our combined same-site NOI guidance range of 3% to 4%. In addition, we have added a new page in our supplemental package, providing further detail about the makeup of same-site NOI, we hope you find it helpful. With regard to capital recycling, we had a very active quarter selling 8 U.S. properties, providing $53.3 million in proceeds, and the sale of 5 retail assets in Mexico, 9 retail assets in Chile and an 84-property industrial portfolio in Mexico, providing aggregate additional proceeds of approximately $260 million. We recorded non-FFO after-tax gains of $81.6 million and impairments of $14.3 million from all these sales and additional U.S. assets under contract. Also, we recorded non-FFO impairment charges of $76.7 million related to 14 Mexican shopping centers, which are part of a pool of 27 assets we are negotiating to sell. We expect significant gains on the other 13 properties, which will be recognized upon close. The gains and impairments from our Latin America transactions are all before the impact of currency, which has been influenced by the current strength of the U.S. dollar. Under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, not until a company has substantially liquidated its investment in a foreign country can the impact of foreign currency translation be recorded in earnings. As of September 30, the unrealized loss due to currency associated with our Mexico and South America assets was $113 million and remains in the balance sheet account of accumulated other comprehensive income. The final impact of currency will apply to the respective gains and losses on the sale of these operated properties and, thus, will not impact FFO at the time it is recognized. Proceeds from the sale transactions were used to acquire 4 shopping center properties in our key markets for $67 million with a balance earmarked to the Boston portfolio and other U.S. assets already under contract totaling over $575 million. We continue to maintain our focus on the right side of the balance sheet as well, taking advantage of the continuing low interest rate environment to lower our own cost of capital. To that end, we issued a $200 million Canadian-denominated, 7-year unsecured bond and a coupon of 3.855% and we paid a maturing 5.18% bond of the same amount, providing an annual savings of $2.6 million. Our liquidity position is in excellent shape with over $1.6 billion available on our revolving credit facility and our net debt to recurring EBITDA is now at 5.4x, which is just under our target range of 5.5x to 6x. As we look forward to 2014, our debt maturities are very manageable. Our next bond maturities don't occur until June of 2014 and we have already repaid $50 million of mortgage maturities due in 2014, subsequent to quarter end. As we look forward to 2014, we're introducing an initial 2014 FFO as adjusted guidance range of $1.36 to $1.40 per share. Please keep in mind that we have not completed our full property-by-property forecast process. The guidance range is based solely on recurring flows and does not include transaction income or expenses, which will be included in NOI FFO. As such, we will provide more specific guidance assumptions on our next call, including same-site NOI growth expectations and occupancy targets, which we expect will continue to be positive. Our forecast includes recurring retail flows reaching close to $1 billion and de minimus recurring nonretail flows of $2 million. In addition, the guidance range takes into account the dilutive effect of the Latin America and nonstrategic dispositions as well as the reduced nonretail flows. Using the midpoint of the 2014 guidance range of $1.38, we yield an increase in recurring FFO per share of about 4%. The ranges depend upon timing of our continued capital recycling activities including the monetization of our Latin America assets, asset acquisitions lease up and redevelopments coming online. Lastly, but of most importance, we are pleased to announce that based on our 2013 performance and expectations for 2014, our Board of Directors has approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend of 0.015 per common share to $0.225 an increase of 7.1% on an annualized basis. Our FFO as adjusted payout ratio remain conservative at about 65%, among the lowest in our peer group. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day on December 12 in New York. And with that, I'll turn it over to Conor.
Conor C. Flynn: Thanks, very much, Glenn. Our third quarter performance continues to evidence the consistent strength of the battle-tested Kimco portfolio, even during unsettling economic times, and highlights the safety of our recurring FFO due to our industry-leading tenant and geographic diversity. Our goal is to make Kimco a pure play North American retail real estate investment company that can provide best-in-class margin of safety and produce consistent and increasing dividends with above-average same-site NOI growth through leasing, redevelopment and accretive acquisitions. I wanted to provide updates on the 3 major strategic initiatives I mentioned on our last call. All of which are aimed at upgrading our core U.S. portfolio. First, we continue to actively scour the portfolio for sale opportunities. Since June 30, we have completed the sale of 12 U.S. centers for an aggregate gross sales price of $205.9 million at an average implied cap rate of 7.6%. Year-to-date, we have executed on the sale of 25 properties for an aggregate gross sales price of $287.9 million with an average implied cap rate of 7.9%. We have an additional 14 properties currently under contract. We believe that the extended low interest rate environment and the strong demand for cash flowing assets makes for an optimal time to pare down our portfolio in a meaningful way. We have identified an additional 60 assets that we are now moving to our disposition list and targeting for sale in 2014. We have identified these assets as low growth or average properties and are below Kimco's average demographics and major metrics. We see opportunity to continue to reshape, redevelop and rethink the future of Kimco. The second update relates to our $800 million redevelopment initiative. Reinvesting in our high quality assets through redevelopment is critical to our future growth in achieving a higher net asset value. This quarter, the Cupertino, California redevelopment passed the last appeal hearing and is now active in garnering significant leasing activity. The existing 114,000 square foot grocery-anchored center will be getting a full makeover and will be adding 25,000 square feet of new retail, a parking garage and a phase 2 pad site, which is being held for future upsides with interests from hotel operators, pharmacies and financial users. The newly remodeled asset will share a new signalized intersection with the future 2.8 million square foot Apple 2 headquarters that will house 12,000 employees. In addition, the anchor redevelopment of our Richmond Avenue site on Staten Island is now complete. And Target, who was on a ground lease, opened their door this month to significant fan fair. The grand opening was a big success and video of the event could be found on our award-winning website and blog at kimcoreality.com. The Richmond Avenue redevelopment still has 2 outparcels under construction for Bank of America and Miller's Ale House and we'll complete the redevelopment and produce incremental NOI totaling close to $2 million for an ROI of 42%. If we ascribe a cap rate of 6%, this project will create over $28 million of additional net asset value. The Richmond Avenue project is just 1 of 5 former Kmart locations that are now in different stages of redevelopment. New anchors for these projects include Target, Whole Foods, TJX, Ross, Burlington Coat and Sports Authority. We currently have 41 active leases with Kmart and Sears, and 2 that expire in 2017 with no remaining options, located in Los Angeles and Staten Island, creating a nice reservoir of future redevelopment opportunities. Since last quarter, we have moved $42 million of redevelopment projects from the planning stage into the active category. The active redevelopment pipeline currently consists of gross cost of $214 million, incremental NOI projected at $21.1 million, with a blended ROI of 10.2%. The $800 million redevelopment pipeline includes $320 million of projects in the planning stage and an additional $275 million of products under evaluation. The third update relates to our initiative to focus new investments in our core markets that are significant barriers to entry with above average growth. This quarter, 3 out of 4 acquisitions were made through off-market transactions, taking advantage of our deep relationships with owners, brokers and retailers to source accretive deals in this highly competitive environment. I would also like to mention the recent Boston portfolio that is now under contract. We believe this portfolio has significant upside with below-market leases, redevelopment potential and includes a few urban locations surrounded by the campuses of Harvard, MIT, and Boston College that could potentially add significant density. Our leasing and development team are clearly energized by the unique opportunity. As for our metrics, I am happy to report the following results. Our U.S. same-site NOI growth was 2.7%, about 80% of that growth was driven by new releases with rent commencement dates that occurred over the prior quarter. Also contributing to the growth were healthy contractual rent increases, the 2.7% same-site NOI growth is the 14th consecutive quarter of positive same-site growth and, excluding redevelopment, our U.S. same-site NOI will be 3.1%. As Glenn mentioned, we have added a detailed breakdown of our same-site NOI to give a clear picture of our portfolio. Leasing volume continues to be strong and we have signed 183 new leases in the U.S. for a total of over 900,000 gross square feet driving our overall occupancy levels of 40 basis points growth and 60 basis points pro rata over occupancy in Q3 2012. U.S. occupancy alone increased 100 basis points pro rata over the same quarter last year. On the U.S. same-site basis, occupancy grew 70 basis points pro rata year-over-year, mainly due to positive net absorption. Quarter over last quarter, overall occupancy was up 30 basis points pro rata and 20 basis points gross. Anchor occupancy increased 40 basis points to 97.4%, small shop occupancy was up 40 basis points to 84.7%, an 80 basis points increase from third quarter of 2012. The increase in small shop occupancy continues to be driven by positive net absorption from the disposition of riskier assets. Our small shop space percentage of total GLA at 24% is amongst the lowest in the industry. Given that demand for large boxes is very strong, and occupancies are high for this space across our sector, Kimco is benefiting from this trend through higher rents for a larger portion of our portfolio. Our combined leasing spreads have now been positive for 9 consecutive quarters. Third quarter leasing spreads were at healthy 13.7%, mainly driven by our junior anchor deals, however, both midsize shops, or those between 5,000 and 10,000 square feet; and small shops, those under 5,000 square feet, reported positive pro rata spreads as well. Additionally, we continue to see the advantage of old leases in our portfolio coming to the end of their term. A former Firestone Tires lease from 1973 paying only $3.21 in Savannah, Georgia was replaced with a Jared The Galleria Of Jewelry at a rent of $25 a foot. Renewals and options additionally posted a positive spread of 4.8%, driven mainly by an old under-market write-in [ph] lease from 1983, paying $30 a foot in Bridge Hampton, New York and renewing at $47 a foot with no tenant improvement allowance or landlord work. This past quarter, we have spent a large amount of time in the field touring over 100 assets and I am excited by the creative and collaborative approach of our team, which is what makes Kimco so special. It's proven that our recycling efforts have driven -- have been meaningful to date and the improved quality of the portfolio has reinforced the pride and ownership among all of our employees. We are now close to 50% of our NOI coming from the following 10 metro areas: 12%, from the New York-New Jersey-Long Island area; 5% each from Los Angeles, Miami and Philadelphia; 4% each from DC and Baltimore; 3% each from San Francisco, Phoenix, San Juan and Chicago; and our average base rent is now $12.92, up 11.2% from our last Investor Day in 2010. While we are pleased with our overall progress, we still have work to do and we will continue to reshape Kimco portfolio and constantly work towards becoming the best in our industry. And now I'll turn it over to Milton for his final remarks.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Conor. Conor's passion and enthusiasm for our business is contagious to all of us. I'm pleased with our overall progress. Our focus continues to be on quality, core markets and simplification. We're trading from Mexico to Massachusetts. The upgrading of our portfolio is in full swing. We have sold over $1 billion of shopping centers since our last Investor Day in 2010. Our investments in SUPERVALU and Albertsons continue to proceed according to plan and we expect that there will be very substantial creation of value. And we also continue to execute on our plan to simplify since the beginning of 2012. The number of properties held by joint ventures has been decreased by 133. The GLA in the joint venture decreased by 19.5 million square feet and our gross investment value in real estate joint ventures has decreased by $1.7 billion. Finally, I can never say enough about the quality and depth of our team. I believe, it's a key differentiator for us. Our 4 U.S. regional presidents manage portfolios so large they can each be independent REITS. Their industry reach and experience is second to none. Collectively, they have 111 years of experience in the industry and 47 years with Kimco. They are working on our portfolio, increasing value and delivering results. It's a very, very exciting time for Kimco. And now we'd be delighted to take any questions.
David F. Bujnicki: Laura, we're ready to move on to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will be from Michael Bilerman of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Dave, can you just go through some strategic rationale in terms of, I can understand Latin America in terms of exiting and simplifying as investors can have their own choice to invest in that market through listed players. As much I love Canada, being a Canadian, couldn't you make the same argument about Canada and just becoming a U.S. pure play and sort of how you think about that dynamic?
David B. Henry: You could certainly make that case, Michael. But we have such a wonderful portfolio up there that's driven very strong earnings and, we believe, there's upside in the portfolio as it stands today, that the market up there is so strong and the rents are going to grow even further than they are today. I mean, our occupancy there, I think, has never been lower than 96%, and it's been a very strong contributor of earnings. And quite frankly, the sale in Canada would trigger taxes that are much more meaningful than the taxes we have in Latin America. So there is a tax consideration, long-term. We also have wonderful public company operating partners up there, such as Riocan and Plazacorp, and both of them are wonderful partners and have created enormous value, over time, above what we've bought. So we consider Canada, those assets, very high quality. Most analysts give us very high marks for our Canadian portfolio. We see continued upside up there. And many of our U.S. tenants are also there. So whether it's Target and Walmart and Home Depot and others, we share a common platform with them for Canada. So you're right in terms of your thesis but, I think, for now we consider it part of our very high-quality international portfolio.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then this decision to completely exit Mexico, because we've heard, over the years, Dave, the same thing about, look, there's U.S. tenants and it's U.S.-based leases with U.S. dollar-denominated leases for a lot of the anchors. I guess, why then, now, completely, deciding to exit Latin America then?
David B. Henry: I would say, twofold. One is despite our passion for the long-term prognosis of Mexico, and what's going to happen there, we were really never able to convince the investor and analyst community of that. And our assets there were valued at a discount. And our multiple, I think, suffered a bit in terms of our -- in Mexico. And then we got hit with everything from drug violence to the Great Recession, which took some of the big loss off of Mexico. Secondly, it's a wonderful time to exit. The capital markets, after many years of being very silent in Mexico, have exploded. And in terms of the valuation of assets, and we have great assets down there, in terms of the number of companies that are either public or want to go public, they're trying to aggregate assets. So we think the timing is good in terms of selling and disposing of the assets. And since we were able never to make a compelling and convincing case, even though we still are strong believers, long-term, in the prospects for Mexico. I don't want anybody to think that this means that we don't think Mexico is a wonderful country with wonderful, long-term growth prospects. It's just that, for us, as a public company, we never really got credit for being there. And it's a good time to go home.
Operator: And the next question will come from Jeff Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up to that. Can you talk about the net proceeds you expect to realize in total from the executed as well as pending sales in Latin America, and what assumptions you've made in your guidance for next year for the timing and, maybe, yield on reinvestment of those proceeds beyond just the New England purchase you've announced?
Glenn G. Cohen: Sure, Jeff. In total, you'll probably see around $900 million, in total. You've seen what we've already produced so far. And proceeds will be used to really buy U.S. shopping center assets. So you have things like the Boston portfolio plus many other assets that are currently under contract that total about $575 million.
Conor C. Flynn: And redevelopment, I think, the redevelopment pipeline is a target for us to really reinvest and it's a great use of our capital at this point.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just to clarify. Were those net proceeds you're saying or is that the -- that's the gross figure you expect to realize in the...
Glenn G. Cohen: Those will be our net proceeds.
David B. Henry: That would be our share.
Glenn G. Cohen: Our share.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's right. And then those reinvestment opportunities, do you think they're are more front-ended in 2014?
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, I think, you have about $260 million that will close in the fourth quarter of this year and then probably about another $300 million -- $350 million that will close in the beginning first quarter of next year.
Operator: And our next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Because my question is on the Boston portfolio, I wonder if, Conor, you could characterize when you can start to capture some of those below market rents when they rollover and then how soon you can start pursuing redevelopment projects on that portfolio as well?
Conor C. Flynn: Yes. No problem. We actually are pretty excited about the lease rollover in that portfolio. It's got above average growth. When we were underwriting the portfolio and touring the properties, we were pretty excited about the repositioning opportunities. There's a few significantly below-market grocery stores as well as office-supply users that are coming up to the end of their lease term and we believe that we can either reposition the asset with a best-in-class grocer at a significant market rent increases. In addition, we see that the small shops have been relatively flat versus markets. So we think that there's upside in the small shops as well. It's a highly occupied portfolio, so it is going to be over the next 5 to 10 years when leases mature that we'll see that growth. But it's a play for us to really see long-term value creation. And that goes for the redevelopments as well. There's a few larger projects that we think are achievable because of significant density that could be added to our urban properties in that portfolio. But then, there's also smaller redevelopment potential that outparcels to a number of properties. So it's a little bit of everything in the property portfolio that we're excited and can't wait to dive into.
Operator: And the next question is from Andrew Schaffer of Sandler O'Neill.
Andrew Schaffer: It's good to see the continued progress in selling out of Mexico and Latin America. But looking at the $190 million of combined losses, potentially taken, I was wondering what controls have been put in place for you to kind of avoid future non-core investments as you put the $400 million of cash towards -- that's currently on the balance sheet.
David B. Henry: Well, you have our commitment to maintain the strategy we have in terms of focusing on core retail in the U.S. and in Canada. Honestly, we actually made a lot of money in the nonretail assets as well. I mean, it is not all a bad news story there. But we recognize that, as a company with a 50-year history and expertise in retail, that's where we want to be going forward. And over time, we want to emphasize our key markets in the U.S. where we have scale and relationships, long standing. We want to emphasize larger scale properties, which can unlock opportunities to redevelop and expand those properties. We're going to become a little more urban than suburban, because that's where the jobs are going, the population growth, that's where the retailers are more productive and that's where they want to pay higher rents. So we do have a strategy that we're committed to long term. And that's where we're going.
Glenn G. Cohen: And the other thing that I would add is when you look at what will remain subject to currency translation, it's really all -- would all be in Canada. And in Canada, we are naturally hedged because we have issued all Canadian-denominated bonds that match our equity portion. So that risk is gone. And we did that somewhat in Mexico. We have MXN 1 billion unsecured facility that is a minor hedge of what's there, but that's what was used.
Operator: And the next question is from Jason White of Green Street Advisors.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just wondering when you look at your U.S. portfolio of 700 and some odd assets and you look at your activity over the last few years of -- from a disposition front, how much of the portfolio do you consider kind of non-core? If you could snap your fingers today and sell a portion, what percentage of the portfolio would that entail?
Conor C. Flynn: Today, it's less than 10%. And we're really focused on growing into the larger assets, the core markets, so we have broken up our portfolio to see where the juice is, where the growth is. And we have over 550 assets that we deem as really strong, long-term core assets with above-average growth. So the lion share the portfolio is, of today, is what we determine as core. That said, we did add another 60 assets that I mentioned to our disposition pipeline. And we're going to continue to be an active portfolio manager. I think, that's now become really, going forward, a big change for Kimco. And once we move through this next 60, it will probably be less transactional volume. But still -- we'll still be actively managing the portfolio looking to see where the retail nodes have shifted, where the demographics have shifted and where we perceive a risk and can exit out of properties that we think may have negative growth.
Jason White - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Are there any themes sort of vintage of the properties you've been selling or are they just kind of property that have been acquired throughout time and there's no real rhyme or reason to any chunk of those?
Conor C. Flynn: It's been a very detailed process. We've gone back through each region and talked about tertiary markets, where we have to either don't have scale in a certain market, where we only may have 1 asset or 2 assets in a certain market, and we see that the growth isn't up to Kimco's standards. Again, if the retailers that are anchoring that property are not producing high sales, we consider that a risk and think that it's time, potentially, to exit those properties. We also look at the trade areas. We want to see where the growth is coming from in demographics. So it's been a very detailed approach. And so, each time we go through the disposition pipeline, we also take a look at the existing portfolio to see, should we consider adding more or should be consider taking away more.
Operator: And our next question is from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm curious, on the Boston portfolio, it sounded like you're saying you had some street retail in there to in addition to what you characterize as urban. And I'm just curious whether you do or you don't, I would, of course, like to hear that, but what do think of the street retail concept. It's obviously gotten very hot here recently and is that something you guys are looking at or would consider looking at going forward?
Conor C. Flynn: It is hard to describe if it's street retail, because it's -- it is urban because it's located in the Boston metro area, but it does has have its own parking fields. Really, the 2 most urban properties would be the Trader Joe's that's really has its own parking field as well as the Whole Foods next to Boston College, which also have its own parking field. So we typically like to have control over the parking fields, so it enables us to create larger redevelopment potential. Street retail, I think, is very limited in terms of your opportunities to create value, long-term. It's really more of just a releasing effort on street retail. So we enjoy having urban properties but that have critical mass that'll allow us to create value over time.
Operator: And the next question is from David Wigginton of DISCERN.
David L. Wigginton - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: Just following up on the earlier Canada question. I wanted to get a sense of how you view the high and continually, I guess, rising Canadian household debt levels in the context of your strategy for the market. And I guess, do you think the embedded growth you mentioned is potentially at risk as a result of that?
David B. Henry: Well, the Canadian economy is actually holding up quite well. And does not have some of the long-term issues that the U.S. has, particularly in the real estate area. It's under retailed by metrics that you would look at for the U.S. that has about half the retail per capita that the U.S. has. It's very difficult to build in Canada at the end of the day. And so for the future, we see continued demand exceeding supply up there. And we continue to see Canada as an attractive expansion market for U.S. retailers. You're seeing a whole slew of retailers go to Canada and have a wonderful expansion opportunity Nordstrom, among others, going up there recently. So we're excited about where Canada is going. We're excited about our own portfolio, which is very high quality and if you're ever in the area, we'd be happy to take you for a tour. They're good long-term properties. There've been great performers. We were very fortunate to buy them at a time when cap rates were very high and the currency was weak. So we have some very large embedded gains in our Canadian portfolio and it's producing very strong earnings, very strong FFO for us. And that growth should continue.
David L. Wigginton - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: How does the tenant base there compare to sort of your U.S. tenant base?
David B. Henry: They're similar properties. These are largely open-air properties. We do have some enclosed properties, but they're largely open-air, both grocery-anchored and big-box centers spread across, as you know, Canada has 6 major cities and they're primarily located in these 6 areas. But it is a national portfolio. And as I mentioned, we've got some very wonderful operating partners that are very good at what they do.
Operator: And our next question is from Brandon Cheatham of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Brandon Cheatham - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: On the capital recycling plans, for the net proceeds you expect to get from Mexican assets. Just on the acquisition front, given where cap rates have come over the last 3 or 4 months, are there any markets where you're hesitant to enter into and kind of how do you expect to add value with those proceeds?
David B. Henry: We look very hard at acquisition opportunities. And I think, Conor hit it on the head when he said our first preference is off market and negotiated opportunities that had come from long-standing relationships and the size of our company, we do have -- we do look at an awful lot of things. And then, we screen these opportunities on a couple of factors: One, whether these are markets that we're already in and we like the long-term demographics and trends of those markets. And then, we look at the properties themselves, whether we believe that there's great embedded growth of the NOI. And whether there's redevelopment possibilities and other things that can really drive some earnings for those properties. So we know, it's a good time to be careful. And we are trying to be careful in underwriting in depth these opportunities. But we do see a lot, and we're fairly confident that we can redeploy that capital into high quality properties with some upside.
Glenn G. Cohen: The other advantage we do have is the regional framework that we've set up. So we have all these people on the ground in their particular regions, who are scouring and talking to brokers, private property owners, and the like and that's when we've been able to source many of the deals both on a -- whether it be broker or a private negotiated stand [ph].
Brandon Cheatham - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So I guess, overall, uses of those proceeds -- expectations haven't changed.
David B. Henry: Right. We do believe we can redeploy this capital at good long-term NOI growth patterns.
Glenn G. Cohen: Plus the redevelopment pipeline.
Operator: And next we have question from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I think you touched on this a little bit earlier with specific transactions slated to close later this year. But if we're thinking about 2014 as a whole and thinking in terms of your pro rata share of, say, acquisitions and dispositions, do you think you're a net acquirer in 2014 or do you think it's a wash or do you think you're still a net seller?
Glenn G. Cohen: Michael, I think you're going to see us be a net acquirer by somewhere in the $150 million range, when we put it all together.
Conor C. Flynn: Net acquirer in the U.S.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes, net acquirer in the U.S. Yes.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In the U.S. -- what about overall though, if we're thinking about that?
Glenn G. Cohen: Overall as well. We're going to take the proceeds from the Latin America sales, as well as the sales from the U.S. assets we're selling and redeploy them, primarily, into the U.S. assets that we've already earmarked.
David B. Henry: And free cash flow.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes.
Operator: And next we have a question from Ross Nussbaum of UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can we talk a little more philosophically about your investment management program and I'm wondering if you think just as though the market never really gave you full credit for the Latin America investment, do think that the market doesn't fully recognize the benefits of the investment management program? And I know you've already been reducing some of that exposure. But is it reasonable to assume that over the next couple of years, particularly as you have -- a number of those relationships, where the debt is maturing, that you're going to step into 100% ownership and continue to take full ownership and simplify from that perspective?
David B. Henry: Yes. I'll take them one at a time. Yes, I do believe the market doesn't give you full credit and does give you a bit of a discount, depending on the amount and the magnitude of the joint venture. I think, you've got some of the highest quality companies in the REIT world that do have specific joint ventures. In our case, we have awful lot of them. We have over 2 dozen institutional partners in various forms and we have all sorts of programmatic joint ventures and commingled funds and we recognize that, perhaps, we have much too many of them and you have seen us reduce that number and you will continue to see us reduce the number of joint ventures and partners over time and we think that's a good thing. That doesn't mean we think joint ventures are bad, joint ventures can lead to opportunities and, certainly, has helped us in terms of incremental earnings from fees and from notes and things like that. Secondly, there is that intangible that we have found and discovered, that certain partners want out at certain times. And we are able to take advantage of that and get, what we believe is, a discount with them owning a partial interest and saving on brokerage fees and assumption costs and things like that. So we're able to take advantage of that. And UBS is an excellent example. Because our cost to buy back a bigger share of that portfolio, cap rate was over 7%. And those assets would trade we think as 100% owned assets, a 6% or even lower than a 6%, so there was value created through the acquisition of that portfolio. So those opportunities, we continue to look for and we're proactive about finding those. And we've done a good job, I think, finding those opportunities. So over time, philosophically, you'll see us have less joint ventures and we believe that will help in terms of the multiple and so forth.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And in terms of dollars, I mean, we're talking here, I mean, there's over $10 billion of assets at play of which you've got, in some cases, 15% stakes in or 33% staked in. I mean, are we going to be talking over the next couple of years here of $5 billion plus of what would effectively be acquisitions from that built-in pipeline?
David B. Henry: No. No. In the first place, out of that 10, Kimco probably owns more than 40% of that 10 to start with, on average. And you have the debt, obviously, to boot. So to start with our average ownership being 40%, you take out the debt and so forth. And we do have partners that we value very highly, such as GE Pension and Prudential, which have made it clear that they are long-term holders, they're not interested in buying out. And some of the larger ones that have expressed an interest, such as UBS and, several years ago, DRA, we have consummated those transactions. So the future opportunities, I think, are going to be smaller but we're working at that. And again, I think one of the goals is to take those 2 dozen institutional investors down to perhaps 5 or 6 for a longer time period.
Operator: And the next question is from Samit Parikh of ISI.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Hate to keep asking about the transactional activity next year and how it relates to your guidance. But just to clarify, so if you said $900 million of net proceeds and $150 million of a net acquire, you're probably acquiring a little bit of $1 billion here. But given the lower cap rates on the acquisitions, it's probably a net push on the transactional activity, relating to NOI. Can you sort of go over the other drivers that get you to the guidance range to next year. Internally, what you're thinking, since you have to deal with dilution of the hotel portfolio completely coming off and other dispositions earlier this year?
Glenn G. Cohen: Right. So, Samit, we're going through our final review of all of our properties. But embedded in there will be redevelopments that come online, contractual rent funds [ph]. Interest cost savings from the refinancing that we've done as well as bringing these acquisitions on at a particular time. So we think when we put it all together, we're comfortable with this initial guidance range that we put out. But as I mentioned, we will give you more detail on our next call, when we have finalized the review of our 800 properties.
David B. Henry: And I would just add, historically, we haven't had the large dilution you might have expected when you take into account that we have sold nonretail assets that were not producing income such as our large urban portfolio in Philadelphia and others. So as we sold those assets, we got cash in that wasn't earning for us. Secondly, as we've wound down our preferred equity portfolio, we've been fortunate, including this quarter, to get large profit participations, which is real cash, which can be used to buy new properties and offsets that dilution. And then, the third, over the last couple of years, the home run investment in Albertsons produced quite a bit of distributions to us that was real cash. And that goes into the kitty as well. And then we have our free cash flow of $100 million or so a year. So you put all that in the blender and you don't quite have the dilution you might think about on paper when you're selling at 8-ish and buying at 6-ish.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So just to clarify the last question, that the 136 to 140 range next year, that include probably some promotional income activity from some of these sales?
Glenn G. Cohen: No. There's no transaction income or expense in those numbers. This is purely coming from the operating portfolio and the management of G&A costs and interest costs.
David B. Henry: My point was we've gotten cash that we have now used to invest [indiscernible] income producing assets.
Operator: And our next question is from Nate Isbee of Stifel.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Dave, just going back to that discussion about unwinding some of your joint ventures. You are marketing a small portfolio here in the mid-Atlantic that seems to be, what I would call, real high-quality core assets, they are joint ventures. And is that property-specific issues? Are -- is that the pricing disagreement with the seller and are -- as much as it's been an opportunity for you in past, is it getting harder to come to an agreement with some of your joint venture partners?
David B. Henry: No. I think -- the specific ones, you were right. You're referring to our -- is a situation where we've agreed with a partner. It's probably best just to put them on the market. There was a bid asked on several of them and there was an asset that we didn't want to buy. So it's -- we agreed to put those on the market.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So I mean, it's not like you did the DRA, you did the UBS and as you get farther in this process, you're trying to get more detail?
David B. Henry: No. In some cases, you have a partner that does want to go home, but you can't quite agree on price. And so, those properties are market. But at the end of the day, you have one less venture and one less institutional partner. And I think, part of it is you'll get some nice price discoveries out of this too. And you'll see that these things are going to trade at a very low cap rate.
Operator: And our next question is from Chris Lucas of Capital One.
Christopher R. Lucas - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: David, just a basic question about the transaction environment, which is, could you just give us some color as to how cap rates have trended over the last 6 months and what the opportunity set has looked like in terms of the change in volume of deals available?
David B. Henry: I would make 3 points in general and then open it up to others. The very high quality properties continue to be very competitive. If anything, cap rates continue to go down notwithstanding the [indiscernible] rise in interest rates. Ever since May, there's been no fall off [indiscernible] Competitive nature for [indiscernible] quality properties. Secondly, in terms of the B properties within [indiscernible] perhaps markets, there has been pick up in [indiscernible] unable to buy the A properties and the yields are a little higher [indiscernible] very positive leverage available. And as more debt [indiscernible] for B properties, so see the assets that we've been selling good assets, call it 8.5 average down to 7.5 average or so cap rate [indiscernible] down on the B assets [indiscernible] Third point, I wanted to make is, I think, beginning in May, with a prospect [indiscernible] sellers think, maybe the train's starting to leave the station, though I think a few more properties are coming to market [indiscernible] in the market as people try to make sure that they catch these high prices. But I think, they'll see the number of assets in the market continue to go up [indiscernible] that lead for [indiscernible] opportunities, that said, the demand side remains high, the pension funds [indiscernible] life insurance companies, sovereigns, the REITs and so forth, real estate is back in favor. [indiscernible] assets, whether it's cash yield [indiscernible] costs, still at historic lows. The NOI is down. Cap [indiscernible] still seems reasonable compared to [indiscernible]. I think you're going to see a good dynamic [indiscernible] in both for buyer or seller.
Operator: We have our next question from Luke McCarthy of Deutsche Bank.
Luke McCarthy: I know you just talked a little bit about in your early comments that, I guess, in general, across the board, at least domestically, things are very strong geographically. Can you just talk about where you're seeing relative softness and is that where we should expect you to focus your dispositions. And then, secondly, given what you just said about cap rates and that potentially making things, I guess, a little bit more challenging on a deal-by-deal basis as an acquirer, can you talk a little bit about the sustainable level of redevelopment we should expect from you guys as you kind of recycle that capital moving forward?
Conor C. Flynn: Sure. Why don't I start with the first part? We see the highest growth recently in the Northeast and the Mid-Atlantic from a same-site NOI growth perspective, and that's really why we're so excited about the recent Boston portfolio. It's because we've got a track record. We've got boots on the ground. We've got a Boston office and we've always wanted to expand that portfolio. It's just been very hard to find accretive acquisitions in that territory. So that area, I think, is one for us that we've earmarked as a very high growth potential and we see it consistently, quarter over quarter, producing significant results. The next portion of the question, on where we're targeting dispositions? It's really going through each and every region. The regions are very large. So it's hard to give you a specific territory that we're exiting. But in general, what we're doing is we're focusing on the core MSAs that are healthy, that are growing and we're looking to see, okay, where are those assets located better? No longer in the growing markets that we see as potential downside risk and then exiting those markets. So you'll see us exit out of areas where we think there's a tertiary market or if our retail sales have started to either flatten out or go negative and we'll continue to prune the portfolio in that regard.
David B. Henry: I would just add one comment on the redevelopment side. As we've mentioned earlier, as rents start to jump, and they are jumping. They're not going up 2% or 3%, they're going up $1, $2, $3, more redevelopments become financially feasible or viable. And that's what's triggering a lot of this. Redevelopments that didn't make sense 2 or 3 years ago now makes sense because the retailers are hungrier, they're willing to pay higher rents. And so we are optimistic if that trend line continues, you will unlock other redevelopment in our portfolio with 900 properties. We have a lot of inventory and when rents get to the right level and the demands gets there, it triggers even more redevelopment opportunities for us.
Operator: And the next question is from Michael Bilerman of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Glenn, yes, there's been a lot of numbers thrown out, on all the transaction activity. I'm just wondering if you can just be a little bit specific in what you disclosed in the press release in terms of what's been sort of announced the $230 million of sales, the $270 million that's under contract in Boston, call it, $400 million of Mexico and Lat Am. Conor talked about 60 assets that are part of the disposition plan. You also talked about $610 million of acquisitions, of which I assume $270 million is Boston. Maybe, you can just be very specific in terms of what is your net share of acquisitions and dispositions in the fourth quarter, and how much is embedded for next year? Because obviously, that plays into sort of where numbers will shake out. And then just secondarily, what top down assumption have you used for same-store in coming up with the forecast of 136 to 140?
Glenn G. Cohen: So first, let me just clarify the $900 million of proceeds from Mexico. $400 million of that will be in 2013, of which over $325 million of it is already closed. So the balance will come -- $500 million or so will come in 2014. As I mentioned, also, we will close on about another $260 million of acquisitions in 2013 during this quarter. There's another $350 million of properties that are under contract, including the Boston portfolio. But net-net, when you look to 2014, we're looking at somewhere, in total, around $800 million of acquisitions, of which we've already identified $350 million of it. So that's there -- and as far as a same-site NOI growth level, as I mentioned, we're going to give you that at the next call, because I want to finish doing it and we want to give you a very good, accurate number. But I am very confident that it will be positive and remains positive.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So from a transaction activity then, if you're -- you have $500 million left to go, either later this year or into next, but then from an acquisition perspective, you have $1.1 billion that's left to close. Am I not thinking about that the right way? I'm trying to think from the...
Glenn G. Cohen: In total, yes. In total, you're right. We're going to close $260 million this year and around $800 million next year.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And you are only getting in $500 million...
Glenn G. Cohen: Of which more than half is already identified.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. But you're only getting in $500 million in net cash. So you're going to be spending $600 million...
Glenn G. Cohen: No, we also have about $300 million or so of retail assets that are part of the 60 assets we announced that we would be selling, that's going to come in as well.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So in addition to the $500 million...
Glenn G. Cohen: But we still have a little bit left of the nonretail.
David B. Henry: A few nonretail assets that we expect to close some before year end. We have free cash flow, so we have other sources of cash.
Glenn G. Cohen: And we have some more closings of sales in the fourth quarter as well. So you'll get to the net-net, Michael, of roughly a $100 million of a net buyer when you're all said and done, $150 million of a net buyer.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: From this point, from basically fourth quarter through '14, $100 million of net, which is easily funded through free cash flow.
Glenn G. Cohen: Correct.
Operator: And our next question is another follow-up from Samit Parikh from ISI.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to see if you could comment on the economic situation in Puerto Rico and what your thoughts are on if that could have an impact on sort of, midterm, maybe next 3 to 5 years, consumer demand and what impact that could have on sort of your exposure out there?
David B. Henry: Well, I'll give you just high-level to start with, I mean, Puerto Rico has been in an official economic recession for almost 5 years now. And notwithstanding that, because the island is so under retailed and because, culturally, the Puerto Ricans just love to shop, our retailers have done well. Our shopping centers have done well. And the rent growth is real there. And the list of retailers that want to open up in Puerto Rico notwithstanding the economy and the fiscal situation of Puerto Rico. The tax proposals that would have meaningful -- meaningfully impacted both landlords and tenants have been muted and taken back off the table recently. So that dark cloud seems to be not as dark as it was. So I think, longer term, we're very happy with what we have in Puerto Rico. And we feel good that retailers will continue to do well. And occupancy will continue to be high. And it will be a good contributor to earnings.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Do think that there's any [indiscernible] increased income taxes and maybe sort of crackdown on the -- taxing some of the underground economy over there and what that could do to disposable income?
David B. Henry: Again, some of the more Draconian proposals have been tabled. So that was what the niche group were afraid of, whether they're successful cracking down of [indiscernible] that's very difficult to do, [indiscernible] Mexico or other places. And I think, embedded in the culture of Puerto Rico, [indiscernible] love to shop and the tenant [indiscernible] as well. So yes, it's certainly something we watch and we monitor and we participate in the industry lobbying efforts to make sure that the movement [ph] doesn't hurt us too bad. But I don't think there's anything meaningful that [indiscernible] there that [indiscernible] to be fair.
Operator: And this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Laura, and to everyone that participated on our call today. As a reminder, Kimco will be hosting an Investor Day on December 12 in New York city. Details for this event are available on our website at kimcorealty.com. We look forward to seeing you there. Finally, additional information for the company can be found in our supplemental that is also posted on our website. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer and Member of Executive Committee Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Conor C. Flynn - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brandon Cheatham Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Kimco Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Bujnicki, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead, sir.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Yusef. Thank you all for joining Kimco's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Glenn Cohen, our Chief Financial Officer; Conor Flynn, our Chief Operating Officer; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. And finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question so all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. We are pleased to report a very strong and eventful second quarter. In addition to solid financial results, we've made excellent progress on many of our long-standing key goals and objectives. First, let me officially welcome and introduce Conor Flynn, our Chief Operating Officer. To those on the call who may not have met Conor over the years, Conor has now passed his 10-year anniversary with Kimco in a wide variety of regional operating roles, most recently as President of the Western region. Conor brings to the senior team a wealth of field experience, including leasing, property management, construction, asset management, redevelopment, acquisitions and dispositions. Conor is a proven manager and leader, and we are very happy to have him join us here in New Hyde Park. Giving up sunny, seasonal and exotic San Francisco to relocate to New York shows Conor's dedication and commitment to Kimco. I encourage everyone who has not met Conor to spend some time with him as opportunities arise at industry events, analyst roadshows or property tours. Glenn will provide financial details for the quarter this morning. But in general, we are very pleased across the board in terms of exceeding our income projections and delivering very strong operating metrics. Overall, our industry maintains its quarter-by-quarter recovery. Retailers continue to grow their expansion plans and, coupled with a 35-year low in new supply, effective rents are moving up materially. Consumer spending and retail sales are also doing well despite the sequester and the beginning of rising interest rates. The annual ICSC meeting in late May in Las Vegas was very positive, with attendance up significantly and a net increase of 100 exhibitors in the convention hall. Planned new store openings continue at a 5-year high, and most retailers remain optimistic about 2013. In retrospect, and with full credit to Glenn, our timing on our $350 million 10-year bond was wonderful, and we were also very happy with the 7-year $200 million Canadian bond we issued 2 weeks ago. The new Kimco bonds, together with last year's preferred stock offerings and our steady stream of mortgage refinancings, have created substantial interest rate savings for years to come. During the quarter, we also achieved several important milestones. Permit us a small celebratory dance as we note the final closing of the InTown sale, which, together with a large number of other nonretail property sales, results in a current total of nonretail assets of approximately $180 million, representing approximately 1.5% of our total assets. We truly believe that the nonretail aspect of the company is now almost completely behind us, and our energies can be totally focused on delivering strong operating metrics and significant improvements in the demographics and profile of our high-quality retail property portfolio. We're committed to continuing our recycling efforts whereby low-quality, secondary market assets will be sold and replaced with high-quality properties in our core primary markets. Our scorecard to date, selling 121 properties since December 2010, totaling approximately $900 million, while concurrently adding 66 properties, totaling approximately $1.5 billion, reflects our commitment to this ongoing program to upgrade our portfolio. With respect to Latin America, we closed on the previously announced sale of Kimco's interest in a portfolio of 9 shopping centers in Mexico for a gross sales price of $274 million. In addition, the pending sale of our industrial portfolio in Mexico to Terrafina for $600 million remains on track, with Terrafina shareholders voting to approve the transaction on June 17. As a final note, we also sold our interest in 9 of our 16 South American properties last week to Patio, our primary operating partner in Chile, for a gross sales price of $50.2 million, which includes existing debt of $35 million and a solid gain. We anticipate the remaining 7 South American assets will be sold by year end, 5 of which are currently under agreement. The second quarter was also noteworthy with respect to the purchase of a number of properties and joint venture equity interests from existing institutional partners. The previously announced purchase of UBS Wealth Management's equity interest by a new Blackstone/Kimco joint venture was completed based on a gross purchase price of $1.1 billion and a nice accretive cap rate. During the quarter, we also acquired essentially full ownership of 2 large properties, Marketplace at Factoria and Canyon Square Plaza, from existing joint venture partners for a gross purchase price of $146 million, while also increasing our ownership stake in both the Kimco Income REIT, KIR, and the Kimco Income Fund, KIF. As Milton has noticed -- had noted before, our large joint venture portfolio represents a reservoir of opportunities to acquire high-quality properties on a negotiated basis, whereby we benefit from having managed and leased the properties for many years and being able to easily assume any existing debt. Now I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details for the quarter, to be followed by Conor's in-depth discussion of our U.S. portfolio results. And then Milton will, as usual, bat clean-up with several general observations and trends.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. Our positive second quarter results are a continuation and testament to the strategy we articulated and have been executing since our 2010 Investor Day. The quarterly results are highlighted by solid operating metrics, the monetization of the nonretail assets and further capital recycling. We have used the proceeds toward the acquisition of higher-quality assets and joint venture interests. In addition, we continue to reduce our cost of capital and maintain a strong balance sheet with excellent liquidity and access to capital. Let me provide some detail around the quarter. As a reminder, we continue to use the term FFO as adjusted to represent recurring FFO, which excludes transactional income and expense and nonoperating impairments. Headline FFO represents the official NAREIT definition. As we reported last night, headline FFO and FFO as adjusted came in at $0.35 each per diluted share, up from $0.34 for headline FFO last year and $0.31 for FFO as adjusted last year, representing a 12.9% increase for FFO as adjusted. Headline FFO includes impairments of $15 million related to undeveloped land under contract and $15 million of transaction income, including marketable security gains. The drivers of the FFO as adjusted growth are primarily attributable to a $7.7 million increase in NOI at the property operating level and reduced debt and preferred stock cost of $7.6 million compared to last year. The operating team delivered strong operating metrics. U.S. occupancy increased 60 basis points, bringing it to 93.9%, and combined occupancy reached 93.7%, a 40-basis-point increase from last year. Our U.S. leasing spreads were 16.7%, with new leases coming in at 28% and renewals and options at 13.7% for the quarter. Our U.S. same-site NOI growth was 4.2%, and combined same-site NOI growth, which includes Canada and Latin America, was 4%, representing the highest levels in the past 6 years. This solid performance is the result of our continued effort to upgrade the portfolio through our capital recycling program. Since mid-2010, we have sold 121 properties with an occupancy of 85% and an average base rent of $8.72 and replaced it with 66 assets with an occupancy of 95.7% and an average base rent of $14.28 in our key markets, with population levels 20% higher and income levels 30% higher. We've also benefited from a portfolio that has hundreds of leases that are over 20 years old with below-market rents and an improving economy during a period of minimal new development. We are focused on the review of each asset and where we perceive significant risk. We will market those assets using the proceeds for future acquisitions of wholly-owned properties and joint venture interests for properties which we already manage. With regard to capital recycling, we sold 20 shopping center assets, of which 9 were in Mexico, generating proceeds to the company of approximately $125 million. We recognized $39 million of non-FFO gains on the sale, offset by impairments of $16 million. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold 9 assets in Chile, leaving us just 7 assets remaining in South America. As for the monetization of nonretail assets, we are just about done. With the sale of InTown Suites and other nonretail investments during the second quarter providing proceeds of $177 million, and the sale of 2 urban assets and certain nonretail-preferred equity investments after quarter end for an additional proceeds of $40 million, the remaining nonretail book value is down to approximately $180 million. We recognized approximately $36 million of impairments on the sale of the urban office properties. We are working on the sale of another $100 million of nonretail assets by the end of the year and, as Dave mentioned, with that, the discussion of nonretail will be history. We have been very proactive on the right side of the balance sheet as well. In May, we tapped the U.S. bond market, raising $350 million at a coupon of 3.125% for 10-year money. And then in July, we executed a $200-million, 7-year Canadian-denominated bond at 3.855%. The proceeds from these issuances were earmarked to repay significantly higher coupon debt, including a $100-million bond at 6.125%, a $75-million bond at 4.7%, an upcoming $100-million bond at 5.19% and mortgage debt with a weighted average of just under 6%. The Canadian proceeds will be used to repay a 5.18% $200-million bond in August. These transactions, coupled with the significant cost savings generated from the $635 million of perpetual preferred stock redeemed last year and replaced with lower coupon preferreds, has provided a portion of the FFO growth. Our liquidity position remains in excellent shape, with over $1.6 billion of immediate liquidity available and less than $150 million of debt maturing for the balance of the year. We remain committed to our BBB+, Baa1 investment grade ratings and expect to continue to operate with a consolidated net debt to recurring EBITDA level between 5.5x and 6x, currently at 5.8x, and a fixed charge coverage of at least 2.5x, currently 2.9x. We are pleased to report that based on the strong first half performance, we are raising our FFO as adjusted per share guidance to $1.31 to $1.33 from the previous guidance range level of $1.29 to $1.33. Please remember, our guidance does not include transactional income or expense, but does include the loss of income from InTown, which was quite profitable. Using the midpoint of $1.32 would represent a 4.8% increase over last year. The guidance estimate incorporates the sale of InTown, as I just mentioned, which has a dilutive impact of approximately $5 million per quarter, or $0.025 for the balance of 2013, and the benefits of all of our refinancing activity. In addition, we have increased our forecast for same-site NOI growth to a range of 3% to 4%, up 50 basis points from the original estimate of 2.5% to 3.5%. It is worth noting that since 2010, we have successfully grown our FFO as adjusted per share each year as we executed a significant recycling program which has yielded a stronger, higher-quality portfolio, exited nonretail assets and significantly improved our balance sheet metrics. And now I'll turn it over to Conor for his inaugural earnings call as COO to discuss the shopping center portfolio.
Conor C. Flynn: Thanks, Glenn. I'd like to thank, Milton, Dave and the Board of Directors for the opportunity and confidence that they have placed in me. Our second quarter portfolio performance is not only indicative of the solid market fundamentals in our sector, but also highlights our successful efforts to improve our portfolio and previews where we are headed in the future. We have improved the quality of our portfolio by focusing on 3 major initiatives: first, actively managing the core portfolio and exiting out of investments that have significant risk; second, reinvesting in our high-quality assets as we continue to see double-digit returns through redevelopment efforts that will enhance and reposition our portfolio for long-term stability and growth; and third, investing in our core markets that have significant barriers to entry with above-average growth. U.S. same-site NOI growth of 4.2% was fueled from leases signed with high-quality retailers. Also contributing to the growth were healthy contractual rent increases and improved overall credit loss across the portfolio. The 4.2% same-site NOI growth in the U.S. is the highest reported since Q3 2007 and is the 13th consecutive quarter of positive same-site growth. Notable rent commencements include: 2 Walmarts, a Target, 3 leases with TJX, 2 Weis Markets, 2 Michaels, 5 ULTAs, a Kohl's, a Bed Bath & Beyond, a CVS, a Giants, a Trader Joe's, a Whole Foods and a Nordstrom Rack. Our leasing and asset management team continues to focus on adding best-in-class retailers, who in turn improve the portfolio quality. We signed 185 new leases for a total of 698,000 gross square feet, bringing the overall occupancy levels up 40 basis points higher than 1 year ago for both gross and pro rata share. In the U.S., pro rata occupancy increased by 60 basis points from a year ago. On a U.S. same-site basis, occupancy rose 30 basis points pro rata mainly due to positive absorption. Second quarter versus first quarter, our overall occupancy was up 10 basis points pro rata in gross. Anchor occupancy was up 20 basis points to 97%. Small-shop occupancy was up 30 basis points to 84.3%, a 100-basis-point increase from the second quarter of 2012, which demonstrates the improving health of our small shops. However, activity in the small shops is still primarily driven by national small-shop operators, regional players and franchisees, so there is still work to be done and, thus, opportunity to improve. Our new leasing spreads of 28% was attributed to positive spreads on every single lease signed above 5,000 square feet. Other highlights include a new lease at our redevelopment project in Fairview Heights, Illinois, where we are replacing a 15-year-old Kmart with a 28,000-square-foot Fresh Thyme Farmers Market. In addition, we signed 2 new leases with ULTA, and Hobby Lobby signed a new lease this quarter to replace a former Syms in Miami, Florida. Renewals and options leasing spreads posted a 13.7% increase, our highest ever, which included a 40-year-old Kohl's lease that expired in Salem, New Hampshire that was paying $1.47 and renewed at $13 a foot. Overall leasing spreads in the U.S. increased 16.7% and have now been positive for 10 straight quarters. The redevelopment pipeline is my passion project and is now a focal point for future growth. During the quarter, we toured over 100 assets, and I'm excited by what I saw and the opportunities that are embedded in our portfolio. We have added significant projects for the future value creation in every region. 19 projects became active this quarter for a total cost of $30 million and a targeted ROI of over 10%. Anchors driving these projects include Walmart, Bass Pro, CVS, Burlington Coat, LA Fitness, PetSmart, ULTA and Dollar Tree. We now have $165 million in active projects, $179 million in the planning stage and have identified another $460 million of future redevelopment projects that are now under evaluation. 20 new leases were signed this quarter that were either combining space or splitting boxes for new retailers, which make up the lion's share of our new deal costs. Redevelopments produced a strong return on invested capital in addition to higher residual values that are harder to quantify. A dynamic new retailer can drive traffic to the asset or increase the frequency of visits and have a trickle-down effect on the surrounding tenants. A redevelopment creates a more attractive and safer environment that brings down operational expenses as a result of improvements in site lighting, waste management, solar energy and other technologies that decrease the retailer's total occupancy costs. We are mining Kimco's large portfolio for opportunities like these, small and large. Our best-in-class operations team allows us to differentiate ourselves from our peers and provides both shoppers and retailers with more tools to be successful. Our focus on technology, sustainability and creativity inspires us to push the envelope and to look at our properties and ask, "What more can we do?" We have been working on unlocking new sources of revenue by developing a national ancillary income strategy focusing on revenue-based advertising, kiosks and vending programs. We are looking to expand our solar program and other tenant energy services and build out Wi-Fi networks and web portals that would enhance the tenant and shopper experience. We are reducing occupancy costs by investing in lighting technology that will cut common area spending. We are streamlining utility management bill processing and enhancing mobile tools for property managers so they can now snap a photo with their iPad and send it directly from the site to a qualified vendor and quickly receive a bid, reducing paperwork and expediting repairs from the field. These are just a few things we were working on as our scale allows us to be creative with pilot programs, when, if successful, are then expanded nationally. Dave mentioned our acquisition activity in the second quarter, which continues to reflect prudent use of our capital by purchasing partnership interests and assets that we have lived and breathed for a number of years. On the dispositions front, we've sold 11 properties in Q2 for a gross sales price of $71.6 million at an implied cap rate of 7.7%. We are taking a fresh look at our disposition list and are now taking it a step further and focusing on inherent risk at the property level. We have had 3 more closings since the end of the quarter, with another 16 properties under contract. Actively managing the portfolio, anticipating risk and predicting the shift in demographics and retail nodes will continue to shape the portfolio. And I will now turn it over to Milton for his closing remarks.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Conor. Our entire management team is excited about their interaction with Conor. His enthusiasm for retail real estate and his creative energy to enhance value through redevelopments is absolutely contagious. Conor's passion is redevelop, redevelop, redevelop, and I think it's a great menu. When a center can be expanded at double-digit returns, it is not only a superb use of capital, but it increases traffic and enhances the value of the existing center. We have almost 900 properties that will provide Conor with a wonderful canvas to work with. Now having said that, our portfolio has undergone a dramatic transformation. When Kimco first started back in 1958, we were acquirers. The strategy was that whatever we owned would, over time, substantially increase in value as the country grew, suburbs grew, inflation grew, et cetera, et cetera. So by way of habit, we were acquirers and accumulated large portfolios for both public and private companies. Over the past 3 years, we have kicked the habit and our strategy has been much more refined. We have been selling where we perceive risk, and we buy higher-quality properties with growing cash flows. And we've started to see the benefits of this strategy in our metrics. I would like to also give you my thoughts on valuations. When a common stock or any security is bought, its multiple depends to a great extent on future growth from the business. When a property is acquired, there is an Argus run for 5 or 10 years, and the cap rate depends upon the growth and future rental streams. And it follows that a portfolio should be similarly valued. Our portfolio has had 13 straight quarters of increases in same-store growth, and so far this year, our same-store growth has been outstanding. And we believe we can continue to deliver strong recurring growth into the foreseeable future, and hence, an increased valuation. Now additionally, we've always had an opportunistic bed by creating values out of opportunities with retailers with strong real estate, referred to as our plus business. Our plus business has created substantial value and profits that can be reinvested into high-quality shopping centers with recurring income. In this connection, we are pleased with the results of SUPERVALU and confident that the new management will increase the value of almost 8.2 million shares that we acquired in March. We are excited, we are motivated and we are moving forward to our goal of being a world-class retail REIT with growing cash flows and growing dividends. And now, we'd be delighted to answer any questions.
David F. Bujnicki: Yusef, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christy McElroy with UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Glenn, can you discuss what your bond issue might have looked like if done today from a pricing standpoint? Can you provide some sort of general comments around the changes you've seen in the financing markets over the last 2 months and whether or not you've seen any impact on private market transaction pricing? I know there's a couple of questions in there.
Glenn G. Cohen: Sure, sure, Christie. Well, certainly, the one big difference for sure is just look at the base treasury rate. When we did our bond, we issued when the 10-year treasury was 196. Now you're looking at basically a 260 treasury. And spreads have definitely widened out a little bit. I mean, our spread on that deal was 125 over. Today, we'd probably be around 140, 145. And if you asked me that 2 weeks ago, I probably would tell you it was about 160. So markets move pretty quickly on that side of the world, but it's definitely gotten better and you're seeing more traction. But rates' all-in coupons are definitely higher. The Canadian bond is a different -- it's a different market. It's a smaller market there. Those are done as private placement deals. So again, we feel pretty good about what we were able to do. That market is probably around the same where it is today. So we're probably, on a 7-year deal, somewhere around 180 over. As far as it relates to transactions, we really haven't seen a drop-off in transactions because of it. You still have a pretty wide spread between really where 10-year treasuries are and cap rates from a historic basis. So it really hasn't slowed things down. The CMBS market is open. The bank market is open. The bond market is open. So for right now, it looks pretty healthy to be able to conduct and to transact.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: While I recognize you're never done with the culling of the portfolio, I wonder where you think you stand with the recycling of the retail portfolio at this point?
Glenn G. Cohen: Craig -- I mean, again, it's something that we continue to look at. Conor and I have -- these 2 months here, we've spent a lot of time looking at the list, working through it and making further decisions about it. There's definitely more that we want to sell, but the amount of ABR that those assets make up, it's pretty -- getting to a level point where it's pretty modest. The assets are smaller. But you're going to continue to see us sell assets, and you're going to -- I think, as you look out 2, 3, 4, 5 years, it just becomes part of the fabric of the business. We are going to continue and analyze where properties, in our view, have risk. And if we see a declining NOI in the future, where the population growth is going the wrong way, you're going to see us market those assets. It's just a different view and a different look at how we view the portfolio today.
Conor C. Flynn: I would agree. I think that actively managing the portfolio is something that's just become a fabric of our company. And going forward, we're just going to continue to take a look at the shifts in retail nodes, the shifts in demographics, and continue to analyze each and every site individually and look to see if it's opportunistic to exit.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm just wondering -- I've sort of got a sense that we may be shifting into a little bit heavier redevelopment mode as opposed to a buying and selling mode. But thanks for the feedback.
Conor C. Flynn: That's accurate. I think we're definitely -- you're going to see us shift much more into reinvesting in our properties and taking the funds that we can generate from our dispositions and reinvesting into our existing portfolio and redevelopment pipeline.
David B. Henry: Craig, we've basically concluded there's 2 wonderful ways to invest capital. One is in redevelopment, where it's so accretive and so incremental to our earnings; and secondly, buying out joint venture partners because we're able to achieve better-than-average cap rates on those acquisitions. Because we're buying partial interest, we can assume the debt, there's no broker, it's negotiated off-market and so forth. So both of those are wonderful places for us to invest capital on, and that's where we've been concentrating.
Operator: Our next question comes from Samit Parikh with ISI.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: David, can you just sort of remind us what's left now in Latin America? You said you've sold -- subsequent to the quarter, you've sold 9 assets in Chile. So there's 7 left there, and sort of what the value, you believe, of the -- I guess it's remaining retail assets there are in Mexico, as well, and sort of what your thought process is in terms of the timing of probably disposing of those assets, going forward?
David B. Henry: Yes. Well, let me take it in 2 pieces. We're definitely committed to exit in whole in South America. And of those 7 remaining assets, 5 are essentially spoken to. The 2 in Brazil are still formally on the market and being marketed by Brookfield. But we think we're close on them. The biggest asset we have in South America remains our multi-story mall in Viña del Mar, and we have a tentative deal on that, and that should happen over the next couple of months. So that will essentially clean up South America. Mexico, the market continues to be wide open in terms of the acquisition appetite by the Fibras, or the Mexican REITs, both existing Fibras and Friba want-to-bes, I guess I would say, and we continue to get some nice offers on the remaining properties we have, which are roughly, depending on how you count, maybe 35 shopping centers plus some net lease properties. Plus, we have our Kimco land fund. We've got a one-off industrial property still that wasn't included in the Terrafina sale. So we've got some multiple stuff down there. So we are looking at offers on those. We have not signed any agreements on those in terms of contracts. But it remains an intriguing window of opportunity to sell Mexico assets at cap rates, quite frankly, we didn't think we'd see on an exit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just a follow-up to Craig's question. But as Milton said, Conor, you have a pretty big canvas to be looking at, and I guess, just in the U.S., you have, I think, about 70 million square feet of retail space, and 70% of that is in your top 40 metros. I know you're focused -- or I guess I'd say you seem focused now more on being better rather than bigger. And then when you think about 3 to 5 years forward, do you expect to see similar metrics for Kimco's portfolio? I mean, will they be equivalently sized or equivalently concentrated? Or do you expect to sort of change that mix over the next 3 to 5 years?
Conor C. Flynn: Yes, I think you're going to see us continue look to acquire larger assets that have more meat on the bone, is what we like to say, or more redevelopment opportunities. Those -- really, when you have the acreage involved in a site that's quite large, you have a lot more opportunity to focus on creating value on the property. I think you'll still see us selling out some of our smaller tertiary markets and looking to invest in high-quality properties in our core markets and with a constant analysis towards value creations. So I think going forward, we may not change in GLA, but our site count may change, but as a focus of -- toward the lower assets with higher potential for redevelopments.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And you're not -- put differently, you'd be substantially smaller than being in 40-plus metros?
Conor C. Flynn: I think that's accurate.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes, jeff, it's Glenn. I would say we plan to maintain our national presence. That is something that's very important to us. So you may see us shrink some of the markets that we're in, but the national presence and the diversity and tenant mix that we offer, we think, is a real differentiator for us. So we don't expect that to change.
David B. Henry: It's all within the context of upgrading the portfolio. So it's going to be higher and higher quality over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cedrik Lachance with Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I just want to follow-up, actually, on that question through the national presence being important to you guys. What -- can you be specific, I guess, in describing what you see as the benefits of this large national presence versus -- would be the benefits of being more concentrated into, let's say, a dozen markets?
Milton Cooper: Cedric, it's Milton. I'm going to take a shot. It's a good question. And let me say first, from my perspective, national diversified portfolio geographically tenant mitigates risk. In my mind, it gives to me a measure of safety from a point of view of what may happen in a particular month. But most important, the national platform helps our business in this sense. If a retailer wants to -- if a foreign retailer wants to come to the United States, interested in non-mall locations, what a better place to start than Kimco? And it also is an advantage, Cedric, to our plus business. Because when retailers have issues and come, and we have -- in the SUPERVALU, in the -- all of the Save A Lots, we're being compensated and we get opportunities nationally. So the national platform is in a wonderful advantage in that connection, Cedric.
Conor C. Flynn: I would just add that on our portfolio reviews with our retailers, we're really focused on the regional players that are looking to become national. Sprouts Farmers Market is a good example, where they've started out west and are now growing nationally, and we can offer -- and we can show them an opportunity list that is really unmatched by our peers. And we're the largest landlord for a lot of these tenants as well, so that becomes opportunistic when we're going through renewals or looking for opportunities for these retailers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Kimco has been very active buying centers from the joint venture partners. Can you comment on how big of an opportunity this will be going forward?
David B. Henry: Well, we still manage a combined portfolio of almost $10 billion, of which about 60% is held by all kinds of third parties. We probably have 2 dozen institutional and other partners remaining, some of which have indicated an interest to be -- to dispose of their interest. So we continue to have discussions. I'd say UBS was particularly large, so I don't anticipate -- or we don't anticipate a very large one like that. But we are due -- in discussions with some of the moderate-sized partners, and we hope to bring them to fruition in the near future. And as I said, it's probably, next to the redevelopment, #2 on what we want to do. So we're being very proactive in this.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Cheatham with SunTrust.
Brandon Cheatham: It's Brandon Cheatham. I also have Ki Bin Kim on the line. Just was wondering if you guys could comment real quick on -- with the rise in interest rates, how that's changed valuations, and specifically, if you could break out any differentiation between the high-quality assets that you guys are looking to purchase versus the low-quality that you are looking to sell?
Milton Cooper: The first metric that you have to look at is the difference between buying a bond, the 10-year treasury, and an income-producing piece of real estate. The major difference is that with inflation, at the end of 10 years, the purchaser of bond is lucky to have purchasing power of maybe 60%. In a shopping center, you not only have a growing asset but residual values are higher. And historically, while there is a direct connection between cap rates and interest rates, there are limits. There was a time when the prime rate was 21%, treasuries were double-digits. But during that time, cap rates did not go above 10%. So they have been kept in a band that's much narrower than the fluctuation of interest rates. And you have an addition, the benefits on a portion of your cash flow and buying real estate assets tax-free by way of depreciation. So historically, while there is a connection, it's not a direct connection.
David B. Henry: And I would also add, there remains fierce competition for the A -- the prime-quality assets out there. So the east hills [ph] of the world have seen no real slow down in the competitive bidding for the very high-quality assets in primary markets, and those cap rates have definitely continued to be less than 6 for many of those high-quality assets. Also, the general trend towards favorable pricing for even the B assets continues. There's just more money chasing these B assets because there's been frustration out there that people can't acquire the A assets. So the cap rates have continued to drift down into the B category. So as a very general comment, I'd say stuff we sold that was clearly B or B- a couple of years ago were in the 9s, now they're in the 7s. So -- and we haven't seen that back up at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Isbee with Stifel.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You've had some success over the last year or so. It seems it's becoming more regular pulling some of these older leases out of the bag with well-below-market rents that you've been able to redo at much higher rents. And you have made reference to the 1,000 leases in your portfolio that are older than 20 years. Can you stratify, perhaps, as we look out over the next few years, how many of them potentially are coming due, just to give a sense of what type of growth it could provide to the portfolio beyond just the favorable macro momentum?
Glenn G. Cohen: Nate, it's a little tough because many of them have options in them. So it really depends on when they're exercised, whether they're exercised or not exercised. So it's a little bit tough to really pinpoint it specifically. But we know, and as you've seen quarter-after-quarter, we get them. I mean, the Kohl's example is a great one. I mean, it's a very old lease at under $2 a foot. You bring this to market. So it's a real benefit of the age and size of the portfolio. Well, Nate, I'm going to out on a limb and give you one example just to make you feel good. We have a property in the city of New York. There's a 100,000-foot tenant who is paying probably a rent that with taxes is almost flat, 0 or negative. And on that 100,000 feet, I think we'll go from 0, negative just to $20 a foot in 2017. That's the one example I can give you.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. I mean, of those 1,000, how many would you say are coming -- or don't have any renewal options left?
Conor C. Flynn: I think it's about 500. So we're running that analysis, and we're digging into the expiration schedules to see where the options are. Some of them have fair market value options or are escalators involved that -- what we can take a deeper dive into. But it's about 500 of the 1,000.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JP Morgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If we're thinking about the non-retail asset sales, which are wrapping up, what you're doing in Mexico and just the non-core U.S. properties, and then kind of match that up against what you're doing with the JV buyouts, third-party acquisitions, on a look-forward basis, does it feel like you're going to be a net acquirer going forward for the balance of the year and, say, 2014?
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, I would say, for the balance of the year, we're probably going to be a net seller if it all comes out the way we think it will. Coming into 2014, what we'll -- we'll give you a better feel for it probably on the next call, but my guess is you'll probably be a net acquirer somewhat in 2014, but it's going to -- Mike, it's going to be about us looking at assets that aren't just based on what that initial cap rate is. It's really about where we see growth and opportunity in those assets. You're not going to see us buying large, large portfolios of assets that we think have issues with them. It's really -- we're going to be very, very judicious and careful and disciplined about what we're acquiring.
David B. Henry: That said, I would add, besides ramping up the redevelopment, which takes capital and proactively trying to buyout partners, we continue to have opportunities to buy assets in the marketplace, some of which are intriguing to us, and some of these we may be able to negotiate off-market. So I'm a little more optimistic on the acquisition side given our history and our nature. So I'd say we'll probably be at least even this year. But we'll see.
Milton Cooper: Well, if you take Conor's passion, he's outlined, over time, $750 million of redevelopments at double-digit yields. That, over time, augurs a very healthy increase in our yields and in our flows.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question with Samit Parikh with ISI.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Dave, I just wanted to ask the question on those -- the low-market leases in a different way. In your opening remarks, you said 35-year low in supply effective rents moving up. Your trailing 12-month blended spreads in the U.S. are around 10%, which really isn't that far off from the 2005, 2006 days. So given that you've been saying that you don't expect much supply to come on in the next few years, do you think blended rent spreads over the next 2, 3 years for Kimco should surpass the prior peak?
David B. Henry: It could well. I personally continue to be fascinated by this lack of new supply. Historically, on average, roughly 100,000 shopping centers out there in the U.S., there's been a new supply of about 2%. Today, we're at a run rate of 0.1%, and it is not expected to increase substantially above that level for several years. The old days of buying 50 to 100 acres and going through years of entitlements and environmental fights and then pre-leasing and then getting construction financing, I -- we just don't see that coming back anytime soon. So although we're all looking at second phases and some redevelopment, it's still not material in terms of substantially increasing the supply of space. So at -- couple that with a 5-year high of retailers opening up stores. 80,000 new stores are going to open up over the next 2 years, so that's really quite amazing demand that we can work with. So we're optimistic that the industry is healthy. We're definitely on the recovery track. We're, of course, subject to some very high-level macro events because we're all about consumer spending and consumer confidence, but that said, the fundamental supply versus demand is shifting back in our favor after a very rough 3 or 4 years.
Operator: Our next question is also a follow-up question with Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: The first part is, I always find that the same-store NOI and rent spreads don't necessarily translate down to FFO as I guess I would expect. Can you tell us how much of your portfolio the same-store NOI metric applies to and maybe perhaps in broad strokes how that's calculated for NOI and leasing spreads?
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, from a leasing spreads standpoint, it's a little tough because it depends on when the rent commences. So signing a new lease and having it commence is a different time period than what's embedded in your same-site NOI number because the same-site NOI number is a cash basis. But if you look at our same-site NOI growth, it is roughly -- and I don't know, I think the same-site NOI was up about $7 million. We do it -- we have a disclosure which breaks down the dollars, so maybe that can help you with your model.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Yes, I'll dig into that a little deeper. And maybe just as a follow-up, when you look at leasing spreads and -- I guess this is a question more about whether or not it's possible, Glenn, is that when you guys do the comparisons, for example, on the trailing 4 quarters on new leasing spreads in the U.S., I think the numbers are new rents are 18% and the prior rents are 14%. Are you able to unearth what the TIs were on the previous deal? And the reason I ask is just because if we amortize in the TIs on the current deal, it's about $4 a square foot. So if you think of it like an economic rent versus the prior rent, it would almost appear flat, and I think probably a more interesting analysis would be kind of net of TIs.
Glenn G. Cohen: We haven't done -- we really haven't done that, Jeff. If it's something that could help you, we -- I'm sure Dave Bujnicki could go over some of the details with you after the call.
David B. Henry: And also, if you amortize it over the initial base term, yes, you can get a little nervous about that. But most of these have options built in, and so a reasonable way to look at that is to amortize those TIs over a much smaller period of time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with UBS, another follow-up question.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Conor, just wanted to follow-up on your comments on redevelopment. It sounds like you've identified about $0.5 billion. Milton mentioned $0.75 billion about -- of redevelopment projects, potentially. How does that -- sorry if you've mentioned this, but how does that break out in terms of what you're expecting for annual redevelopment spend? And in your opening remarks, you also mentioned some things that sound like -- more like renovation CapEx. So if you could just sort of talk about what you expect to spend in terms of redevelopment spend and then renovation CapEx? And can you also remind me, in your same-store NOI growth, does that include or exclude the impact of redevelopment?
Conor C. Flynn: It includes it. I'll start with the last question. And just going through the redevelopment pipeline, the projects that were added, which Mr. Cooper referenced earlier, is that we're looking at every single asset, and it can range inside the projects. So the specifics of the ones that became active this quarter, it's an LA Fitness being built in Staten Island, it's a Burlington Coat being built in Florida, it's a relocation and an expansion for ULTA Cosmetics, it's developing a PetSmart in Puerto Rico, it's downsizing a Best Buy and then adding an ULTA, it's splitting boxes, it's also adding outparcels in California and redeveloping and adding significant GLA on a few other properties. So the range of scope of what you're looking for in a redevelopment project can vary greatly. And I think on the timing side of it, it can be very lumpy. There's -- if you've ever done a rehab project even in your own house, you know how the timing of it can be very hard to pinpoint. But on our analysis of active projects, we tend to think that those will be at -- that we are spending money on currently, that those flows will hit in the 1- to 3-year period. And then the ones that are in the planning phase will hit in the 3- to 5-year period. And then the future ones will be 5 to 10 out. So that gives you a little bit of a perspective of the timing of it.
David B. Henry: I think it's also fair to use Milton's wonderful word, "reservoir of opportunities," when you look at our very large portfolio of shopping centers that Conor has taken a hard relook at and has found many more redevelopment prospects than perhaps we've found before. So you've seen a rededicated, reenergized look at this stuff, and it's yielding results.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So if I think about it in general terms, just sort of annual starts and annual spend, I know it can be lumpy, but over the next few years?
Glenn G. Cohen: Christy, it's Glenn. You probably should expect us to spend somewhere between $100 million and $150 million a year. And again, depending on how -- to Conor's point, it gets a little lumpy. If it's a bigger project, we might spend more. But I think that's at least a target range to start with.
Operator: Our next and last question comes from Brandon Cheatham with SunTrust.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: This is actually Ki Bin. Just a couple of quick cleanup questions. One, what is your small-shop occupancy? What was it at the peak on an apples-to-apples basis? And I...
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, the small-shop occupancy, we started only tracking it maybe 4, 5 years ago. We think, at its peak, it was right around 90%, so that was its peak. Today, we're sitting at around, what, 84.3%? So we feel that there's definitely more upside to come there.
Conor C. Flynn: That's correct. I mean, I think you're starting to see the small shop health really improve. Even if you look at our spreads on just the small shops, over 60% of them were positive, which is a very, very unique factor for us because it's been flat to negative in the past. So we're starting to see that health metric improve.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So we can model this -- as I model this -- low-single digit positive? So most of the positive leasing spreads were on the 10,000 square feet and greater space? Is that right?
Conor C. Flynn: That's correct.
Ki Bin Kim - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a last question. You guys have gone through a lot of capital recycling and it seems like you probably have more pull-through to reinvest. How do you -- so how does that impact your acquisition parameters? And should we expect that you guys are going to buy more higher-quality, somewhat stabilized assets? Or would you actually be willing to take on more of these at-risk, or you can add value on acquisitions?
David B. Henry: We do intend to be very disciplined. Just because we have some more money coming in, we're not going to be particularly aggressive. We're disciplined. We do look for properties that have, a, very high quality; and b, growth embedded in the asset. And we are looking as best we can for off-market opportunities, where we leverage relationships of Milton's or others to get those kinds of deals. And again, we refer you back to the opening, where our first place to put capital is into our own properties, where we can get wonderfully accretive incremental yields. Secondly, buying out partners where the cap rates are generally above market. And then third, looking for these selective opportunities where there's good growth and very high quality.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Yusef. And we appreciate everybody that participated on our call today. As a final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our website at kimcorealty.com. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 17:15:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer and Member of Executive Committee Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Michael V. Pappagallo - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Kimco's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki, Vice President. Please go ahead.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Sue. Thank you, all, for joining Kimco's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. We are pleased to report very solid first quarter results as well as continued progress on our key goals and objectives. As usual, Glenn and Mike will provide details and color and Milton will close with some general observations. Perhaps due to the recovering housing market and record stock market highs and fund inflows, the consumer continues to spend despite the sequester and the ongoing fiscal stalemate in Washington. Retailer store opening plans have reached the 5-year high and, when coupled with virtually no new supply of retail space, effective rents are beginning to escalate in many geographic regions. Most industry analysts believe that retail development will remain limited for several more years, which bodes well for continued improvement in shopping center metrics including occupancy, same-site NOI and leasing spreads. Looking at first quarter results. We are particularly happy with the same-site NOI growth of 4%, a 5-year high and our 12th straight quarter of positive same-site NOI growth. Leasing activity was also strong, with close to 700 new leases, renewals and exercise options and leasing spreads of 13.5% for new leases and 2.7% for renewals and options. Small store occupancy also continues to recover, with certain regions like the Northeast especially strong. With respect to some of our key goals for 2013, the InTown sale remains on track for a late May, early June closing, following a lengthy loan assumption process. Yesterday, we also sold the New York City nonretail property for $7.3 million. And we have another New York nonretail property under firm contract for $38.5 million, which should close in June. In addition, we anticipate selling in the second quarter several of our large remaining nonretail properties in other geographic areas. In Mexico, one of our joint ventures has executed a firm contract with closing subject only to Mexican government antitrust approval to sell 9 of our existing shopping centers for a gross price of approximately $271 million, representing a substantial gain to Kimco. As mentioned on our last earnings call, the real estate capital markets in Mexico have surged and we are taking advantage of sharply higher prices to sell some of our assets. We anticipate additional sales if the markets remain strong. In South America, regarding our portfolio of 15 properties, we have reached either a tentative agreement to sell our equity interest to local operating partners or we have retained third-party sales agents to market the properties. We expect disposition activities will be completed by year end with a modest aggregate gain. Our reasons for selling remain as discussed last quarter: lack of scale and expensive tax structures limiting our economic returns. In the U.S., our joint venture with Blackstone to acquire the UBS Wealth Management - North American fund position in 39 high-quality shopping centers is scheduled to close over the next 30 to 60 days. We are also very pleased with the closing of the Cerberus-led SUPERVALU transaction, which reunited the Albertsons stores our venture already owns with the Albertsons stores formerly operated by SUPERVALU, while also purchasing 4 other supermarket branch: Acme, Jewel, Shaw's and Star Market. And making a direct investment in SUPERVALU in its post-closing operations including Save-A-Lot stores. We are pleased to note that our SUPERVALU shares have materially appreciated since the closing. Other U.S. investment activities since the beginning of the year primarily involved opportunistic purchases of joint venture equity interest from 5 different institutional partners, totaling $53 million. As Milton has mentioned, our third-party asset management portfolio, totaling roughly $10 billion, remains an excellent reservoir of off-market opportunities to acquire full interest and control of high-quality retail properties. During the quarter, we also acquired the second phase of our large grocery Anchorage shopping center complex in the high income community of Wilton, Connecticut. Owning both bases of the property provides us with maximum flexibility to renovate and expand the property. We also remain committed to upgrading our property portfolio and transitioning towards larger properties in more densely-populated Kimco core markets, where we expect superior job growth and higher retailer productivity and rent. Our scorecard, since the fall of 2010, consists of the disposition of 112 properties totaling $854 million and the acquisition of 64 properties totaling roughly $1.5 billion. The market continues to improve for B properties and secondary markets and we expect to close numerous additional sales over the balance of the year. Finally, and given its importance to our tenants in the shopping center industry, I would like to comment on the Main Street Fairness legislation. After passing 2 test votes, the Senate has scheduled a final vote on the legislation for Monday at 5:30 p.m. Unlike the cloture vote, which required 60 votes to advance the Main Street Fairness bill, Monday's vote requires 51 votes to pass the Senate and move on to the house. We are cautiously optimistic but, again, respectfully request the kind word of support from anyone who has a direct relationship with a U.S. Senator. Putting our retail tenants on an equal footing with e-commerce retailers is simply long overdue. Now I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial results to be followed by Mike and Milton.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, thanks, Dave, and good morning. We are very pleased to have 2013 start off the same way 2012 ended, on very positive footing. Our first quarter results are a clear product of the execution of our business strategy, focused on improving metrics at the property operating level, further recycling of capital to acquire up quality assets and maintaining a strong balance sheet with plenty of immediate liquidity. Let me provide some color on the first quarter results. As we reported last night, FFO as adjusted per share came in at $0.32 as compared to $0.31 for the same quarter last year, in line with our expectations. FFO as adjusted excludes $5.2 million of transaction income, primarily from a disposition of a nonretail preferred equity position and $2.5 million of transaction costs primarily related to the acquisition activity. As a result, our headline FFO per share came in at $0.33 per share versus $0.31 per share last year. The operating team kicked off the year with above-plan results. We delivered combined same-property, net operating income growth of 4%, including a positive 20 basis point impact from currency. Our U.S. same-property NOI growth was 3.7%. This is our highest quarterly increase in same-site NOI in over 5 years, fueled by an improving economic environment and the upgrading of the portfolio. In addition, we continue to see positive results on the leasing front, evidenced by the strong leasing spreads delivered. Although U.S. occupancy was modestly lower by 20 basis points from year end, the result of the typical flow out of the holiday season, occupancy remained at a solid level of 93.7%, 90 basis points higher than a year-ago. We spent a good portion of the first quarter teeing up transactions as we continue to pursue capital recycling. We expect to conclude the InTown Suites sales during the second quarter, netting proceeds to us of approximately $90 million. The impact of this anticipated sale has already been incorporated into our guidance range. We have other nonretail dispositions in the works and expect that by the end of 2013, the nonretail asset discussion should be a thing of the past. We have continued to work the retail shopping center portfolio as well, signing contracts for the sale of 14 properties for an aggregate sale price of, approximately, $111 million. And as Dave mentioned, our contract for the sale of our interest in 9 assets in Mexico, which is expected to yield proceeds of $94 million in the substantial non-FFO gain. Proceeds from these sales, totaling close to $300 million, are anticipated to be used to reduce debt and acquire assets in our key target markets. As you know, another of our stated objectives has been to further simplify the business model. To that end, we have acquired the remaining interest in 4 more properties in our key target markets from our various joint venture partners and increased our ownership percentage in another JV program. We expect to continue to explore opportunities to acquire properties from the joint venture programs over time. On the capital front, we have made a significant progress on the refinancing of maturing debt both on the consolidated balance sheet and in the joint venture programs. We refinanced our 8.58% $1 billion peso facility to approximately USD 80 million, with a new 5-year floating rate peso facility at a spread of 135 basis points over the Mexican 28-day rate, which today equates to an annual rate of, approximately, 5.7%. This loan is prepayable without penalty at any time, giving us plenty of flexibility. In addition, we paid off a $100 million 6.125% bond, leaving us with just $175 million of U.S. bonds maturing this year and a CAD 200 million bond which matures in August, which we expect to refinance in the Canadian bond market later this year. On the nonrequest mortgage front, we have closed 6 transactions and have executed term sheets on 9 more deals, totaling over $513 million. The weighted average interest rate savings is approximately 170 basis points compared to the debt being replaced. Our liquidity position is strong, with over $1.2 billion of immediate availability. As a result of the positive operating performance delivered for the first quarter, we are increasing our same-site NOI growth expectations by 25 basis points, bringing it to a growth range of 2.75% to 3.75%. In addition, we are increasing the lower end of the 2013 guidance to $1.29, bringing the FFO per share as adjusted guidance range to $1.29 to $1.33. At the midpoint of the $1.31 per share, this represents a 4% growth rate compared to 2012 and, as I mentioned, incorporates the sale and impact of InTown. Please keep in mind that our guidance range does not include transaction income or expenses. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for a more in-depth look at the shopping center portfolio.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning. The first quarter portfolio performance reflects the combination of solid market fundamentals in our sector but also the specific actions we've taken over the past couple of years through recycling of the portfolio and investments made to create value in our core asset base. The U.S. same-site gross number of 3.7% was driven essentially by growth in minimum rents as leases signed over the past year began to hit the books as our tenants opened for business, as well as improved overall credit loss across the portfolio. The occupancy levels, in total, were 70 basis points higher than a year ago and 90 basis points in the U.S. That movement reflects the combination of positive absorption, the aggressive disposition of underperforming assets and selected acquisition activity. On a U.S. same-site basis, the occupancy rose 30 basis points with the balance being the effect of the acquisition and disposition activity. As Glenn stated, we saw a marginal decline in the leased occupancy since December of 20 basis points, a similar first quarter pattern over the past few years. I would note that, for the space under 10,000 square feet, half of the fallout was due, not from mom and pops, but the closure of 9 Fashion Bug stores as a consequence of Ascena Group's acquisition of their parent company and decision to shut down that chain. Overall, small shop trends continue to improve, albeit slowly. We're encouraged that the new deal spread, even for the smallest spaces between 0 to 5,000 square feet, has turned positive this past quarter. Overall, the new leasing spread again posted double digits and renewals and options also remained sturdy with the overall 3.8% increase. With overall leasing spreads positive for 7 straight quarters, it's apparent that we're in a self-sustaining recovery in rental rates. All of these metrics reinforce a much more favorable leasing and operating environment. That isn't new news for the best properties and best markets, yet where I'm more encouraged is the pickup in action for assets that have had little since the slower emergence from the days of the financial crisis. And one example is our center in Anchorage, Alaska, one of the last developments from our former merchant building program. We secured a Bass Pro Shops lease for a new 75,000 square-foot store that will scrape and replace over 58,000 square feet of existing vacancies. Retailer demand continues to be strong and is now advancing for opportunities to come out of the ground with new projects. While Dave points out that new retails development will remain limited by historical standards, we do have a couple of opportunities that seem to be coming together. One a Phase 2 land of a property we built in Boise, Idaho years ago; and another at a prime location in Christiana, Delaware near the mall. Things aren't fully baked but are getting there. And I offer this examples simply to indicate that well-positioned real estate in established retail corridors is getting the attention of retailers as in-place inventory is filling up. That said, the focus continues to be what we can do at existing properties in terms of redevelopment and expansions and investments there still yield the highest relative return. One other type of investment we're making is strengthening the operational backbone of the business and thinking creatively about the future. Some of the initiatives are described on our website, including the energy management and sustainably programs and leasing programs, such as the KEYS and a fast-track finance program, as well as social media outreach. But we've drilled it down even further. And we're thinking how we approach the management of properties and tenants with new standards for property visits and capital planning, tenant communication practices and better internal coordination. We're also piloting a Wi-Fi deployment and data analytics that will support tenant strategies and enhance our prospecting tactics at certain of our larger centers. Lastly, as Dave reported, much of acquisition activity in the first quarter involved either partner buyouts or the purchase of adjacent GLA of existing shopping centers. In effect, investing with a much lower degree of risk due to our knowledge -- in-place knowledge of the asset. And while it may appear that we took a breather on the disposition side, we have closed 2 property sales since the end of March. And between the 14 others under contract and 4 accepted offers, we also have an additional 22 in the market today. And with that, I'll turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. I would like to comment on several distinguishing Kimco attributes to wit: size, tenant mix and geographic diversity. These attributes provide downside protection and upside opportunities. We are a national company with a national platform. We are the largest landlord to Home Depot, Target, Costco, Walgreens, TJX Companies, just to name a few. With such a large number of leases, retailers are inclined to review our portfolio to possible expansion opportunities and work closely with us. Through our geographic diversity, the bulk of our revenues come from locations at the top 30 MSAs in the country which have strong demographics. Our national platform also helps us underwrite transactions in any part of the nation. As a result, we are a valued real estate partner in the SUPERVALU transactions and other ventures because of our ability to evaluate assets quickly throughout the country. I continue to be optimistic for our SUPERVALU investment and feel confident that the management team can replicate the remarkable success of our original Albertsons investments. And now I'd like to comment on cap rates. There's a wonderful blog entitled, "Look Ma, No Inflation" by that REIT seer, Ralph Block. Ralph postulates that gold, silver, oil and other commodities are selling far below the February 2012 peak. Future inflation is likely to be in the 1% to 2% range rather than 2% to 3%. And if inflation declines by 1%, cap rates should similarly decline by 1%. And the softening in prices should help the consumer and certainly help retail real estate. Now what defines quality real estate? My definition of quality real estate is real estate that has a safe, sustainable, growing cash flow over an extended period of time in good markets. With the 12 straight quarters of positive same-store NOI growth, improving leasing spreads and occupancy levels, our portfolio has outstanding quality and should warrant low cap rates. As I've said before, I believe the REIT is nothing more than a common stock that must comply with certain tax requirements. And in evaluating common stock, the most important metric is management, management, management. And management must understand the importance of maintaining a balance sheet that always has access to capital. And through our improved fixed charge coverage, net debt-to-EBITDA level, strong liquidity position, we have accessed debt and preferred stock at reduced costs. Secondly, we have to be fast on our feet-work to seize opportunities. And this has always been part of our DNA. And third, to continue to strive to be a low-cost provider. We treat the shareholders' money as though it were our own. And I believe our culture continues to meet all of these fundamental tenets. We're gratified by the first quarter results and feel confident that we can continue to create value for our shareholders. And my thanks go to a superb team of associates. And with that, we welcome any questions.
David F. Bujnicki: Sue, we're ready to move on to the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christy McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the comments about the more frequent buying in of joint venture interest in properties. Is this an active strategy where you're sort of approaching your partners to communicate that you're a willing buyer for the right properties and the right price? Or will we just continue to see someone one-off occasional, opportunistic purchases? I'm just kind of looking for some color on how aggressively you're pursuing these purchases.
David B. Henry: Christy, we are trying to be proactive. And as we've noted before, over time, management changes, strategies change of our institutional partners and many have expressed their willingness to reduce their investment in some of these joint ventures. For us, it's an off-market, opportunistic opportunity for us and there's a win-win in many of these transactions. We manage these portfolios now, so we know them very well. And an opportunity to do a purchase on a negotiated basis is a wonderful thing for us and it simplifies our platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quentin Velleley of the Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just on your relationship with Blackstone, they purchased Valad and you had advised them on the Centro deal and, obviously, they had just recently purchased the UBS stake. There's been media speculations on discussions that you had for purchase of the Brixmor portfolio earlier this year. Can you maybe comment on that speculation?
David B. Henry: Well, I loved Milton's response to the Wall Street Journal reporter, where he said we talk to lots of people. And, in fact, there are not many retail REITs we haven't talked to over the years. And that's about all we want to say right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan of Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: With SUPERVALU done, could you talk a little bit more about the transaction and kind of how you expect your role to play out near term? And kind of whether maybe contrast it with the Albertsons experience? And kind of maybe what your role near-term versus kind of a longer-term perspective will be?
Milton Cooper: Well, the SUPERVALU transaction is very exciting to me. I'll just take a moment, Paul. There are 2 pieces of real estate, just as an example, that SUPERVALU has. One is a Star Market in Boston on Boston Street. By the way, that Star Market stayed open all night to serve food and refreshments to those injured in the Boston Marathon. That site in Boston, a successful store, but there were offers in excess of $25 million by people who want to build a high-rise apartment house. A second illustration is a Jewel store in Chicago in the Gulf Coast. And there is a huge multi-use retail office and apartment complex planned. So there is a business that's turning around that has been more abundant and some of the results were very encouraging with, I think, increases in the meat department, Ray is with me...
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes, 18% in certain stores just by improving the meat department and bringing people in.
Milton Cooper: So that I feel very excited about what the ultimate result is. And as I said, I feel we can replicate the fantastic result we had in monetizing Albertsons.
David B. Henry: And I would just point out. That of the 900 stores that we acquired under these 5 banners, 45% are either owned or long-term ground leases. So it is real estate rich from an owner's perspective.
Michael V. Pappagallo: I mean, I just -- also, one thing I'd point out is we have 26 locations: 19 under the Albertsons, Jewel banner and then 7 or 8 of that are SUPERVALU. That we think are going to directly benefit from the new ownership and the operations. So our 26 shopping centers directly will benefit in our -- and have a better credit and the tenants do better in those locations.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can you monetize the real estate, while at the same time trying to optimize the recovery in the brand? I imagine a lot of those stores are also some of the most productive. To what extent can you be aggressive on the real estate at the same time as...
David B. Henry: Well, I think what happened in '06's acquisition was it wasn't until '09 and 2010 that we monetized it. And the reasoning was we wanted to prove the case out in how we are going to increase the value of the stores. Because as the operations improve, the ability to monetize that real estate increases dramatically. So at this point, they're just focused from the company to improve the operations right now.
Operator: The next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess this is a question for Mike. The leasing activity and the spreads at Kimco seem to be peaking at a time that's later than a lot of your peers. Is there any thought on why that is?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Craig, it's tough for me to marry it up against other -- our peers in trying to do a relative analysis. But from our perspective, we -- our spreads are very often driven by the larger locations or available spaces that are substantial REIT below market. And what we are finding is that in the natural rolled -- rollover of leases that we are -- seem to be finding an increasing number of opportunities where we are capturing below-market rents in our process. So I don't know if it's necessarily peaking, but we are continuing to see, to some degree, an acceleration of these recaptures of below-market rents. And that, I think, in turn, reflects that fact that the retailer demand is increasing. There is more opportunity for us to rollover very positive rates.
David B. Henry: And Craig, one other point. We have over 1,000 leases, where the contract rents were entered into over 20 years ago. That's a built-in natural base to increases over time.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: There's something to be said for age?
David B. Henry: Not much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: This is a question for Dave. Dave, you've been pretty vocal for quite some time on the Internet sales tax. And while it certainly make sense for large retailers, the Amazons of the world and folks like that, when you think about it, whether the future of retail is incubating new concepts, whether they open up as a temp tenant or perhaps start online and then grow and then, hopefully, take space in one of your centers. Why would the bar be set so low, at $1 million, versus a $10 million threshold just given the complexity of dealing with -- complying with all the various tax jurisdictions across the country, whereas a local operator in one of your centers doesn't need to compete for that. Wouldn't you guys want to promote more incubation of more retailers that, ultimately, do cross the threshold, have to pay tax and move into one of your centers?
David B. Henry: Let me challenge the assumption that the benefit of this would be mainly the national retailers. The small mom and pops have been absolutely devastated by competition from e-commerce. You'll see it in the occupancy statistics of all of us public retailers REITs, our vacancy factors are much higher in small stores. And that's directly the result of e-commerce competition. As an example, for instance, if you are a small jewelry store and somebody comes in and prices an engagement ring and you have to charge the sales tax and, meanwhile, they get the color, the carat, all of the quality stuff and go dial up Blue Nile and they can save literally hundreds of dollars. And it's another cut to that local jewelry store. I can't tell you how many local small businesses have been impacted by both this concept of showrooming, where people come in, for instance, a children's footwear store, where mothers will ask the clerks to measure the shoe sizes of their children and then look at the merchandise and write down serial numbers. And then leave and go order it from Groupon or one of these other e-commerce things to avoid paying the tax. ICSC has statistics about shoppers, when they go online, if that Internet retailer is beginning to charge sales tax for whatever reason, they will shift to another. And so it is very important to the local stores. The startups will do just fine. And the -- our local tenants would love to have $1 million exemption on the first million dollars they sell. I think it's, quite frankly, too high, but it's a compromise in terms of the legislation to get it done.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. But the -- I mean, the Groupons the Zappos, those guys are already big enough that they would have to pay the sales tax. I'm thinking about a small start-up selling whatever wears. For them, it is costly. That's why the millions seems very low, $10 million seems a bit more appropriate, so...
David B. Henry: It's not that costly. As part of the legislation, software will be made available for these people to very easily do it. Amazon already offers a service to collect the sales tax for Internet e-commerce guys. So it's just making a level playing field. Why should an Internet seller located in some other place that's selling to a state that collects sales tax not have to pay that sales tax on the residents who purchase it? Remember, this isn't a new tax. They are already obligated to pay a use tax, the purchaser. So it's just that nobody pays it. So there's an obvious advantage. So yes, we feel very strongly about it. All of us, retail landlords, feel very strongly. And if you think I feel strongly about it, call up Mr. Simon. It's just long overdue.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a question on the development commentary about the supply thing. Well -- but also trying to tie that back to sort of the comments about the retailers opening stores at a faster pace than in quite a while. And also the improving B market. I mean, from all those comments, can we just reasonably assume that retailers would prefer to move into a B quality asset or a secondary market at this point versus paying up for development in maybe a better market?
David B. Henry: I'd still -- I personally believe that is the case. Because many retailers were hurt with these development projects in the last recession, that were partially built, bankruptcies, foreclosures, that they weren't able to deliver the projects on time. And this time around, retailers simply don't want to wait several years while these projects get entitled, arrange for construction financing, do preleasing. And rents have not returned to the previous levels necessary to make the economics work that well. So I still believe it's going to be quite a few years before you will see any kind of significant ramp up of activity. And the retailers are looking for space that either retailers are struggling with and are willing to give back or, perhaps, a secondary location just to get open right away and meet their store count right way.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like it's more of a speed kind of issue. And, obviously, they had some history with the development projects, but speed-wise, that's just meeting their needs more. I mean, because, obviously, you have another set of risks associated with secondary and B class properties, different from development risk. But so it sounds like they're still preferring that. Okay.
Operator: The next question comes from Samit Parikh of ISI.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to reference back to something you said earlier, the 1,000 leases that are very low rents with upside. Can you quantify sort of what percentage of your ABR those 1,000 leases represent?
Glenn G. Cohen: Don't have the answer at our fingertips, Samit, but we can certainly get back to you with that.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can I get one more in, then?
Glenn G. Cohen: Absolutely.
David B. Henry: Yes. I think we already get granular on these calls, right? Go ahead.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Glenn, just a question for you on the financing. What's your -- how are you -- are you leaning towards, at all, sort of calling some of your bonds that are maturing later this year and early next year that -- where you can probably issue a new tenure at -- on a low mid-3s? And looks like you guys don't really have any maturities in the corporate bond area beyond 2019.
Glenn G. Cohen: I don't see us calling our bonds. I mean, again, the make holds and yield maintenance that go with them, it's very, very expensive. It's real cash that's got to come out of our pockets. And if you look at our overall coupons, outside of the bond that we issued in 2010, we don't have a coupon that's got more than a 4 or 5 handle on it. So I think we're going to take it out as they come. As I mentioned, we have $175 million of bonds that mature this year. We have a lot of activities that we've all talked about in the pipeline in terms of disposition. We want to let the capital plan come together a little bit more of a -- have a better feel over the next 90 days or so. And then we'll make determinations about when and if to tap into the U.S. bond market.
Operator: The next question comes from Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I'll try a multi-part question on Mexico. In regards to your disposition that you just completed, could you share with us if you explore or if you have explored a public exit over all Mexico? What was the cap rate on this transaction that you just completed and -- I'll start with these 2.
David B. Henry: Yes, a multiple-part question. Well, let me take the second one first. The cap rate was a 7%, 9% on actual 2012 NOI. So that's one aspect. As we looked at what's going on in Mexico and as we mentioned on the last quarter, the surge of capital market activity and the increasing value of our real estate has generated a number of discussions here. We did look at maybe joining the crowd in terms of taking our platform public. But as you know, we are not an operator in Mexico. We are an investor, if you will. We have multiple operating partners. And so we feel the best execution, to the extent that prices stay this high, is to sell into these public companies or people that want to become public. So it's just an excellent window of opportunity for us if the markets continue this strong.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: And are your partners potential buyers of your assets?
David B. Henry: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow up for a second on Mexico. You've obviously chosen the course for how you want to monetize these assets. Does this particular buyer that you are selling the 9 assets to, is that buyer a potential buyer for more assets? Or was that sort of a group in the portfolio that was picked maybe out of the total of 52 by these guys?
David B. Henry: They are an active opportunity for other purchases.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, Dave, does it -- one of the things I'm curious about. Does it make it hard to get rid of the entire Mexican investment if you piecemeal it sort of, I mean, this guy picked 9 interesting projects, but that leaves you with maybe 43, I think, if my memory serves me. And then maybe somebody else picks some others. I mean, does it make it hard to get out of everything if you don't just do this sort of maybe more all at once?
David B. Henry: No. It's working just fine. And the level of interest is quite amazing. And once this deal closes, we can give you more color on who the buyer is and who our operating partners are that joined us in the sale here. So but the answer to your question is no. We have an opportunity to sell in whole or in part to multiple interested buyers. I'd like to -- if I could just interject a previous question about how many leases, the 1,000 leases over 20 years in age. It's about 14% of the gross annualized base rents that we disclosed.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christy McElroy of UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Ross Nussbaum here with Christy. Dave, a question on the Latin America asset sales. You referenced the lack of scale and the expensive tax structure as some of the reasons why you're looking to dispose. And, I guess, the question I have is, weren't the tax structures known going in? So, I guess, what changed with respect to your understanding of the tax structures that would have motivated the sale? And the second part is, how did the tax structures that you had in Latin America differ from what you have up in Canada? And why isn't that an issue up in Canada?
David B. Henry: Okay. First of all, Latin America is 2 parts. South America is what we've referenced in terms of the reason we're going home as we don't have scale and the taxes are tricky and expensive. And quite frankly, the development returns are not as high as originally projected. So the rents have come down a bit. The costs to develop have not. And the taxes are quite significant. If you take a country like Peru, it's about 29% on the actual gross revenues after expenses. So it makes your return. So if you thought you were developing towards 13, you're really developing to a 10 or a 9. And then you take the country risk on top of that and the currency risk and so forth. So it's just, we couldn't ramp up because the risk reward wasn't there. And we don't have scale. And so we decided to really focus on other aspects. Mexico does not have that same level of tax issues. And it's much more comparable to Canada, where we pay very little in terms of tax on current income. There is a capital gains tax on the way out that's quite substantial in Canada, a little less so in Mexico. But, again, the returns in Mexico have certainly justified that -- or the after-tax returns have justified the investment in Mexico, whereas South America, they did not.
Operator: The next question comes from Quentin Velleley of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, it's Michael Bilerman. Mike, so that 15% of those leases 20 years and older, what's sort of the mark-to-market, then, if we were to look at that 15% of NOI and you were to mark them to market, how much upside, or how much NOI upside would there be?
Michael V. Pappagallo: The -- it's a pretty wide range. But what I'd suggest is if recent history is a guide and I recognize it's 40% of rents and there is going to be -- there are generally renewal options in many of these longer-term leases. But we would suspect that these larger longer-term deals have anywhere from, say, 10% to 30% uplift on the existing load and maturing base rent. That's what we've been experiencing in the last 2 or 3 years as these older lease rates roll off and we put new tenants in there. So the question for us, or the challenge for us, isn't so much the uplift. It's regaining, recapturing the space and gaining liquidity. Sometimes bankruptcies and early terminations, paying off the existing tenant to get the new tenant in is one strategy. Other times, it's sitting and waiting. Other times, it's of a particular tenant [indiscernible] wants to downsize because of a strategic change in their business has also an opportunity. So these are the -- those are the primary drivers or primary things that cause us to capture these below-market rents earlier than their contractual maturity.
David B. Henry: Michael, just as one small illustration. We have 100,000-foot lease at probably $2 of rent in Staten Island, expires in 2017. We will get probably $2 million a year on that instead of a couple of hundred thousand. And there are other illustrations. And it's with a more dynamic tenant.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Quentin and I will make sure we have that in the model.
David B. Henry: Put it in. Put it in. Count on it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Since there are no further questions, this concludes our Q&A session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Sue, and everyone that participated on our call today. As a final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our website at kimcorealty.com. Thanks so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer and Member of Executive Committee Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Michael V. Pappagallo - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee Mike Melson - Managing Director of Latin America Operations
Analysts: R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew Schaffer Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Michael Gorman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Mary Ross Gilbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Kimco Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Laura. Thank you, all, for joining Kimco's fourth quarter 2012 earnings call. With me on the call this morning is Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of 1 question so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. We are happy to report strong fourth quarter and full year financial results as well as continued progress on our key goals and objectives. As customary, Glenn and Mike will provide details and color and Milton will close with some general observations. Overall, the shopping center industry in our portfolio in particular continues to demonstrate steady and sustained improvement across the board, benefiting from population growth and very little new development. Effective rents and occupancy rates are increasing at an accelerating rate. Our key metrics or vital signs, as we like to say, are very strong with 11 straight quarters of positive same-store NOI growth and an occupancy rate just under 94%, representing our highest level since the start of the recession and very high leasing spreads. Store opening counts continues to hit multiyear highs and small store vacancy levels are improving, while the economy continues to be fragile with uncertain fiscal policies. We are optimistic about the 2013 financial performance of our portfolio and the shopping center industry. During the quarter, we made good progress on several of our key objectives. Our sales contract with Starwood Capital on the InTown portfolio is now firm with no due diligence contingencies, and the sale is expected to close in the second quarter when the complicated loan assumption process is completed. The InTown properties themselves continue to perform well. During the quarter, Blackstone signed a definitive agreement with UBS Wealth Management-North American Property Fund, to purchase their equity interest in 2 large Kimco-managed UBS retail joint ventures, encompassing 40 high-quality shopping centers containing approximately 5.6 million square feet. The total transaction value is approximately $1.1 billion. And Kimco is the current operating partner and presently owns approximately 18% of the combined ventures. We have reached preliminary agreement with Blackstone to increase our ownership interest from 18% to 33% and to continue to provide management and leasing services to the new joint venture. Also, as previously announced, we are very pleased to continue our participation in a 6-year-old service-led consortium, which is now acquiring just under 900 grocery stores across 5 established and distinguished grocery brands. The transaction will reunite the Albertsons stores the consortium already owns, approximately 200, with the Albertsons currently operated by SUPERVALU, approximately 400. In addition to the obvious synergies, all of the brands should benefit from the proven operating management team led by Bob Miller. I would also like to again note our progress in recycling the Kimco shopping center portfolio. During 2012, we sold 68 shopping center properties in the U.S., which in general read or not in our key long-term markets, were represented lower quality assets. At the same time, during 2012, we acquired 24 additional shopping centers with generally excellent demographics, strong tenants and long-term growth. We are committed to continuing quarter-by-quarter to upgrade our portfolio, focusing on larger properties within our key markets. The sale of the remaining non-strategic and non-retail investments will provide the capital to acquire additional high-quality retail assets. On the international front, Canada continues to perform very well with high occupancies and growing retailer demand. We are particularly proud that Target has selected one of the RioKim joint venture properties, Danforth, to open their very first Canadian Target store. This will be the first of 25 Target store openings per quarter in Canada, which should be transformational in the Canadian retail industry. With 9 new scheduled Targets in our Canadian joint ventures, we are confident of both income and occupancy growth. In our Latin American portfolio, we are encouraged by the continued lease up progress in our Mexican properties, coupled with a suddenly very vibrant real estate capital market. Four recent Mexican IPOs and several follow-on equity offerings of the fertile Mexican REIT, Fibra Uno are driving property values higher as the existing REITs, perspective REITs and Mexican insurance companies and pension funds are all looking for quality real estate properties. The Mexican economy is also performing well with a GDP growth rate of approximately 4%, unemployment at 5% and a very strong manufacturing sector. Mexico is now the fourth largest car manufacturer in the world. With respect to South America, where we own a small property portfolio consisting of 2 projects in Brazil, 2 in Peru and 11 in Chile, we have decided to monetize over time our investments. Notwithstanding impressive projected GDP growth rates, we simply do not have the scale or an efficient tax structure to meaningfully grow the South American portfolio. We do expect to sell our South American properties at a gain, given the robust real estate market in South America. However, capital gain taxes will be significant in several of the countries. In the future, we expect to focus our energies on North America and as mentioned before, concentrate on certain key primary core markets which in general are highlighted by strong demographics, limited retail per capita, barriers to entry, larger sized properties and higher population densities. We are determined to achieve over time a consensus among our shareholders and analysts that Kimco truly owns and operates great products. And now, I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details of the quarter, to be followed by Mike and Milton.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. We finished 2012 with a strong fourth quarter and delivered full year FFO as adjusted per share growth of 5% over 2011. It was very encouraging as we were able to accomplish this during a period of meaningful asset recycling, which will continue during 2013. Our operating metrics of sustained side NOI growth occupancy and leasing spreads continue to deliver increasing positive levels. We have accelerated our shopping center recycling program and we're in the final stage of monetizing our non-retail assets. In addition, we have been opportunistic in the capital markets, which further strengthened our balance sheet metrics and liquidity position. As we reported last night, FFO as adjusted came in at $0.33 per share, up 10% from the $0.30 level last year. This brings full year 2012 FFO as adjusted to $1.26 per share, reaching the top end of our guidance range. Headline FFO for the fourth quarter was $0.31 per share, which includes a $0.04 per share charge related to the noncash expense associated with the redemption of our $460 million, 7.75% preferred stock and net transaction income of $0.02 per share, primarily from promotes earned on several preferred equity investments. We experienced very solid operating metrics during the fourth quarter. Combined same-site NOI growth was 3.4% including the positive impact of currency of 20 basis points. This is the highest level in the past 5 years. U.S. same-site NOI was the primary driver, delivering 3.1% growth. For the full year, combined same-site NOI growth reached 2.9%, excluding the negative currency impact of 60 basis points. Occupancy climbed to 94% on a gross basis and 92.8% on a pro-rata basis, up 30 basis points and 40 basis points sequentially and 70 basis points from the year ago. Leasing spreads were strong at 11.8% with new leases up 25.5% and renewals and options up 6.1%. We continue to be very active on the recycling front. We sold 34 shopping center assets during the quarter, providing $180 million in proceeds and quickly redeployed the capital by purchasing 9 properties in our key territories, further evidencing our execution of the up quality trade. We expect to pursue this objective through 2013 and beyond. The non-retail assets are down to $398 million and we have contracts or offers on over $130 million, including InTown Suites and certain of our urban assets. We expect to monetize over $200 million during 2013, bringing the non-retail exposure to a nominal amount of our $10 billion balance sheet. In November, we took another trip to the perpetual preferred market, issuing $175 million at a coupon of 5 and 5/8%, using the proceeds toward the repayment of a 6%, $199 million maturing bond. In 2012, we issued a total of $800 million of perpetual preferred stock at a blended coupon of 5.78% and redeemed $635 million of perpetual preferred with a blended coupon of 7.45%. Although we reported one-time noncash charges of approximately $22 million or $0.05 per share impacting LOI and FFO for 2012, we will benefit by over $13 million a year or $0.03 per share in real cash savings and reduced fixed charges going forward. We've improved our net debt to recurring EBITDA to 5.7x, a level better than the 6X we committed to at our 2010 Investor Day. We remain focused on the importance of balance sheet strength with a target range of net debt to recurring EBITDA of 5.5X to 6X and a fixed charge coverage of at least 2.5X. Our liquidity position's in excellent shape with over $1.4 billion of immediate liquidity. We are pleased with our execution and results for 2012, delivering a total return to our shareholders of almost 24%. There is more to be done. Let me comment on our 2013 outlook. We have completed our detailed property by property budget analysis and recognized that we will continue a very active shopping center portfolio recycling program further operating an overall portfolio of quality. That being said, properties we are disposing of typically have higher cap rates than properties we are acquiring. As a result, this upgrade of the portfolio might impact our near-term growth rate, but the improvement in portfolio quality should lead to increased earnings growth and higher net asset value for the long-term. In addition, the disposition of InTown Suites expected during the second quarter has a $0.03 to $0.04 per share impact versus 2012. We will benefit from the positive capital markets activities we concluded during 2012 and expect further positive results in 2013 by reducing our overall debt costs. We are affirming our 2013 FFO as adjusted per share guidance range of $1.28 to $1.33 with a midpoint of $1.31. At the midpoint range, the FFO per share growth is a solid 4%. This guidance is based solely on recurring flows and does not include any transaction in commerged [ph] sense, including results from our recently announced participation in the SUPERVALU transaction. Assumptions used to determining the guidance range included increase in occupancy of 50 to 75 basis points, combined positive same-site NOI growth of 2.5% to 3.5%, a significant acquisition and disposition activity. The guidance range is dependent on timing of this activity. In addition, it is worth reminding everyone that there is some seasonality in our quarterly earnings. For example, the timing of our annual equity compensation awards, which occurs in the first quarter and the timing of refinancing of our maturing debt. Our capital plan once again does not assume any new equity requirements and supports our recently increased dividend level of $0.21 per quarter, which equates to an FFO payout ratio of 64%, one of the lowest in the industry. Now I'll turn it over to Mike.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Thanks, Glenn. Good morning. We were very pleased with the fourth quarter performance metrics for occupancy spreads and organic growth, but more importantly, the overall shape and direction the portfolio is taking for the long-term. In reflecting on the portfolio trends over the past year, I'd offer that a couple of metrics underscore what is happening in the U.S. portfolio. As reported, overall U.S. occupancy increased by 80 basis points over the course of the year to 93.9%. First, the occupancy attributable to what we delineate as anchor space over 10,000 square feet increased 50 basis points this year to 96.9%. Meanwhile, the smaller shops spaces increased 170 basis points to 84.2%. Those numbers not only point to the ongoing demand for real estate by larger national or regional chains, but also showed a steady -- slow and steady improvement in the economic climate, as evidenced by the increasing absorption of space by the smaller users. However, peeling back the onion a bit more, the bulk of the increase in the anchor space was the consequence of our disposition activity, and absorption was about flat, a concern you might think initially, but I view it as the opposite. The available space from bankruptcy such as RoomStore and Syms or the end of term vacancies from Kmart and various supermarkets were absorbed very quickly, a very different world than a few years ago. And the value of those spaces was evident by the new leasing spreads of almost 28% for the full year. As mentioned in the last call, in between the singles and doubles of leasing deals, the occasional home run is hit with the recapture of older boxes with below-market rent entered decades ago, and we certainly gained that benefit this past year. With over 1,000 leases that were originally signed more than 20 years ago in the portfolio, I feel there is still a bit more harvesting to be done with future lease rollover. The second observation is an offshoot of the previous point regarding the turnover of the box space. While the rapid absorption underscores the demand, retenanting always comes with some downtime. And that inevitably causes a slight drag on same-site NOI metrics, which on a full-year basis was 2.5% for the U.S. However, the commencement of brands for these newer leases should result in improvement of the same-store metric for 2013, particularly as we move through the year. Of course if we have a similar level of rollover, we may have a similar level of drag, but the overall signals in growth appetite across the board remains very positive. So with all these positive vibes, there are still no shortage of concerns, most notably what will or will not happen in Washington this year that impacts the economy and consumer confidence, not to mention how the business and general media will overdramatize anything that happens, be it good or bad. And despite the encouraging advances of many brick-and-mortar retailers to integrate e-commerce into their business models, online retail's impact on shopping centers cannot be ignored. In response, we are focusing our energy on positioning the portfolio for long-term sustainable cash flow and growth. In that vein, we've been very pleased with the acceleration of the asset recycling. In the fourth quarter, we sold over 3.9 million square feet of properties, generating $180 million in proceeds for reinvestment. We've brought the full-year tally to 68 properties covering 7.7 million square feet and $385 million of cash to Kimco. Those sales were doubled to 200 -- to 2011 pace, and our target is another 60 to 75 properties in 2013. The dispositions are an important part of an ongoing push to focus our resources and invest capital in what we consider the company's key territories. We remain convinced that a national platform that covers most all of the largest MSAs in the country, a property-base that allows us to serve as one of the top landlords to most national retailers, and that our base is broad enough to maintain a spread of financial risk, it has enough depth in major markets to capture new opportunities is our core investment proposition. While this model doesn't give you necessarily the highest comparable demographics or average rents, but what it does do from the recycling efforts, the particular metrics will improve. And most importantly is to focus and maintain that reservoir of assets to generate stable and consistent NOI growth. Our program is simple, exit properties in our key territories where we perceive risk, where that maximum potential has been reached, and also exit properties in other smaller markets that have no particular economies of scale over the limited opportunity set to grow. Much of the capital generated from the dispositions have been pushed back into existing properties in 2 ways; first, the reinvestment through leasing with incremental returns, redevelopment and overall upgrade of the property base; and second, by increasing our ownership stakes in properties through a buyout of some or all of the interest in joint venture partners. I'd like to point out that in no case were these buyouts forced or the result of a dispute. It was generally the consequence of the partner wanting to monetize the position and Kimco determining that the property fit well into its longer term objectives in our key markets and territory. We expect this trend to continue into the next few years. In our portfolio outside the U.S., prior contests mentioned of differentiation and focus on key markets and territories also comes to bear. We remain committed to our Canadian portfolio exposure as a linchpin of the overall quality foundation of the company's assets and cash flows. And even if we're not increasing that exposure in the current high-priced, limited opportunity environment in Canada, things run in cycles. And we want to hang around the hoop for the long-term. In Latin America, Dave provided you with our strategic thinking. But what I can add is that the Mexico portfolio has built positive momentum and is reflective of some of the good fundamentals in direct Mexican economy. This portfolio contributed over $57 million to net operating income this year, an increase of 16% before currency impacts. With that, I'll turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. The environment for our type of retail property continues to improve. Absorptions are forecasted to outpace completions for the foreseeable future. Retail store opening plans are at a multiyear high. So while consumers will feel the impact of the end of the payroll tax holiday, some major economic indicators are pointing in the right direction. Above all, labor market is slowly improving and home prices continue to recover. Now as you've heard from my partners, we feel pretty good about our business. A business plan is on our track. And since our Investor Day on September 23, 2010, we acquired properties of total cost of $1.3 billion and disposed of sites at a gross price of $800 million, a total transaction volume of over $2 billion. And this illustrates that there has been a meaningful transformation of the portfolio. Please rest assured that we disposed of properties that we felt did not meet our criteria for future growth and acquired properties that we want to own long-term. The upgrade of our portfolio will greatly improve our long-term growth prospects and the property metrics and related demographics. Well, there are 3 aspects of Kimco's business that distinguish us. First, a national platform that enables us to service the needs of retailers in any part of the United States. Two, we have joint ventures which own approximately $10 billion of real estate that have and will continue to serve as an attractive source of acquisitions over time. And three, a long-term track record of retail-related opportunities that includes profitable transactions with Venture Stores, Gold Circle, Hechinger's, Montgomery Ward, Service Merchandise, Kmart, Ames, Albertsons, Woolworths, Frank's Nursery, Strawbridge & Clothier, Sprouts, [indiscernible], I could go on and on. Now we are confident that the SUPERVALU investment will also prove rewarding over time. We continue to have the same management team headed by the legendary Bob Miller that created extraordinary value for our Albertsons investment. And I'd like to conclude by thanking our associates for the wonderful job they are doing executing on our plan. I'm excited by the future and opportunities I see ahead. Now with this, I'm very happy to take any questions.
David B. Henry: Laura, we are ready to move the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from R.J. Milligan of Raymond James.
R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about specifically the SUPERVALU investment, whether or not that's purely a return expectation or whether you think it could have other positive effects on that core portfolio? And I guess whether or not you see this? And from Milton's comments, it sounds like you don't see this as a one-off opportunity, but you will continue to look at opportunistic -- opportunities and investments as they come along?
Milton Cooper: Absolutely right. The -- a, our role in the SUPERVALU transaction is as a real estate partner. We have been retained and have a fee arrangement, but our principal job is to help in the monetization of surplus real estate aspects of the transactions that require real estate expertise. And I suspect that out of that activity, there will be opportunities for acquisitions, and it should be accretive. An example, we own 50% of a wonderful property in Chicago. And who owns the other 50%? Jewel. For years, we were trying to buy Jewel from the then SUPERVALU management. Never got any place. New management sees it. They want to monetize their half. We will wind up buying a property that we wanted to buy for years. And other illustrations, we had a wonderful Shaw's Supermarket in New England. The volume, the period before SUPERVALU bought it, was $36 million, and we were thinking of expanding it. [indiscernible], the SUPERVALU management came in, the plans to expand and drop. That volume today, led from $36 million down to $19 million. So you could see the kind of upside in the profitability and also what extra volume does to the value of the real estate. Well, basically, we're excited about a profit participation but most important, what it can lead to in real estate opportunities and enhancing our portfolio. Now this is not going to detract from what we've always wanted, being fast in our footwork to seize opportunities [indiscernible].
Operator: And our next question is from Christy McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Mike, I just wanted to follow up on your comments on occupancy. You talked about anchor space, but did your acquisitions and dispositions last year have any impact on your small-shop occupancies? So what would've been the year-over-year change on a same-space basis? And I guess, a similar question for 2013. Your occupancy guidance is up 50 to 75 basis points. How much of that is a result of capital recycling?
Mike Melson: Yes. In looking at the overall growth in 2012, the occupancy increased. About 2/3 of it was due to disposition, 1/3 of it was due to net absorption, in terms of the increase in the overall occupancy. And when you break down the increase in net absorption, it was clearly driven by small shop. So volume was driven by small shop in terms of the occupancy increase, but rate, that is the leasing spreads, was driven more by the anchor because we had that significant rollover positive leasing spreads, of older leases that came due. So that's 2012. As we look to 2013, while we haven't refined it down to the exact percentage, our occupancy projections are probably -- about half or more is focused on absorption and less than half is due to the recycling energy. And I think that's just the consequence of having moved out of a lot of very low occupancy difficult properties. The next round of asset, so to speak, in the 60 to 75 that I talked about, is less about poor quality and poor occupancy and more about markets, where we don't have a significant presence, reasonably good properties, but are just not a market where we have a lot of heft. And as a result, the occupancy in those properties is more to the Kimco averages.
Operator: And next, we have a question from Quentin Velleley of Citigroup.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just in terms of Blackstone buying UBS' joint venture assets and you increasing your stake, I think you said it was about $1.1 billion, which would imply about a 7 cap rate. I'm not sure if that math is correct. And then, just also I recall that you'd advised Blackstone on when they took the U.S. assets of Centro. Are you sort of viewing this joint venture as a long-term joint venture that could possibly grow or is it something more opportunistic?
David B. Henry: Well, first of all, the parties have asked us not to comment on the specific cap rate, and so for -- so, I'll leave you to your math on that part. But we do value our relationship with Blackstone very much. We have a great working relationship with them. As you may remember, they purchased our Valad note and we did work with them on the original Centro transaction. So we have a good working relationship with them. And we're very pleased to be able to come to terms with Blackstone to increase our stake in this wonderful portfolio. It's very high quality assets. And so, we're very happy to be going from 18% to 33%. And we're very happy to continue our role as the operating partner and continue to be paid for that. So we value them and we hope to do other things in the future with them.
Operator: And the next question is from Paul Morgan of Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Going to the asset recycling, so you said 60 to 75 properties this year, but that the composition may be a little bit higher quality. I mean, so you were around that range in 2012 and it was $600 million or so. In terms of a dollar volume, should we assume more? And then most of those proceeds were used to -- for higher quality acquisitions. Is that the way we should think of it this year? And then, kind of what will be the -- is the cap rate spread narrowing relative to last year because of the improvement quality of the asset sale?
David B. Henry: I would say, Paul, that yes, that will be 60 to 75, that it is slightly higher quality than what we've been selling the past couple of years. It's also a mix between assets that are held by the REIT as well as in joint venture assets. And not only institutional joint ventures but the array of smaller joint venture relationships that we've had, many legacy deals that we've had for years and years. So to try and put a circle around it, we've just thought about it in terms of net cash to Kimco, what it might generate in 2013. And based on some estimates, the targeted properties we are probably figuring somewhere between to $350 million to $430-some-odd million debt cash to Kimco. And that represents the purchase price minus any debt, particularly in joint ventures and in our pro-rata share.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Is the -- you've mentioned this, is the spread, cap rate spread narrowing, then we should think of that?
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes. I mean, the cap rate is most likely going be a lower cap rate than what we've experienced in the past couple of years, which is to trend -- tended to be around the 9 cap rate level.
David B. Henry: The market for, let's call it, the assets or secondary cities has definitely improved. We're seeing increasing demand, and cap rates are drifting lower. So we're encouraged by that.
Operator: And next, we have a question from Nathan Isbee of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: With this sale to Blackstone from UBS, was there any management contract change at all?
David B. Henry: No. It's important to note that basically, Blackstone is stepping into UBS' Shoes, and all of the fees and different services that we provide will stay as originally negotiated with UBS.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So there's nothing to say that Briggsmore [ph] is going to take it over at any point?
David B. Henry: No.
Operator: The next question is from Caitlin Burrows of Goldman Sachs.
Caitlin Burrows - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: We noticed that your 2013 guidance range for FFO per share didn't change between what was given in the third quarter earnings but -- between now, but that the components of it did change. Can you go over what made the midpoint of the 2013 forecast for recurring retail go from $955.5 million to $943.5 million, non-retail go from $15 million to $18 million, corporate financing declined from 9 -- or $290.5 million to $280.5 million and G&A go down from $127 million to $124 million?
Glenn G. Cohen: Sure, but that's definitely more than 1 question. But I'd be happy to take you through that. Obviously, when we put out our preliminary guidance back in October, again, based on best estimates, we actually have more information today. Some of the changes are, you saw during the fourth quarter just some of the aggressive selling that we've begun. And Mike's also talked about a more aggressive shopping center disposition program than what we originally had. So that's driving some of the retail change. And in conjunction with that, because the capital plan has more capital proceeds in it from these transactions, our requirements for an external debt or other capital needs are lower as well. And that's kind of brought down -- that brought down the financing cost that we've now projected in the current guidance. There's a small change in the non-retail. That's really just looking at the impact of InTown. InTown, we've had, beginning of the -- beginning to the middle of the second quarter. Now we think it might be more towards the latter end of the second quarter. So not a real big change there. And on the G&A line, it's really just a bunch of small things that have changed there from lower expectation of consulting and professional cost and lower expectation need for some temporary labor.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm wrestling a bit with where you are with Mexico at this point. I mean, it seems like before maybe Mexico was something to monetize, but now the economy seems to be doing very well down there. Asset prices are climbing. Maybe it's a place to invest more in. So I guess, what are your current thoughts on your Mexican investment strategy?
David B. Henry: Well, first of all, let's go through the list. We are very pleased that there's been a pickup of momentum in terms of leasing activities. So we're seeing it on the ground. The rents are going the right way. The occupancy is going the right way. We're also absolutely fascinated how quickly the capital markets have changed down there. The new public REITs and the demand for product of all types in Mexico is really quite amazing for somebody that's been following Mexico for a long time. Investors are literally pouring into the country looking for real estate. And it's a thin market in terms of quality real estate. So what we have, we think is much more valuable. And to be honest with you, we are looking at different things we can do. The IPO market is robust. We'd be foolish not to look at the IPO market. We have been approached by a number of existing REITs, perspective REITs and funds to acquire some of our high-quality properties. We, as you know, we have different operating partners and we have an institutional partner, capital partner, GE, all of whom have different long-term objectives in Mexico. So we will be going basically property-by-property and partner-by-partner in deciding what to do long-term. Now the other side of the coin is because cap rates have plummeted, it's not very attractive for us to buy properties. These cap rates are very low. So just like Canada, it's unlikely that we're going to increase our stake down there. But we have decided, as I mentioned, in South America to exit. We're just not big enough. Taxes are tough down there and notwithstanding the prognosis for the South American countries down there in terms of the economy, it's just not a good game for us and somewhat of a diversion.
Operator: And the next question is from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess, looking at the new leasing spreads, they've been pretty strong in the 20s the last 2 quarters. And when you look out to 2013, do you expect it to be at comparable level? And when do you think you start to hit up against tougher comps? Is it '13? Is it '14? Do you have a few more years of visibility?
Glenn G. Cohen: As a general statement, Mike, I'd say that in looking at '13, the comps will be lower. And the primary reason is when thinking about our core leasing plan having the anchors at 97% occupied, most of the absorption is going to come and the leasing spreads are going to come from smaller spaces. And the smaller space is a little bit more of a mixed bag. We've got some great upside in certain markets and other markets are pretty tough. We've talked ad nauseam in the past about some of the markets in Vegas and Reno and Central Valley in California, et cetera that seem to temper the leasing spreads. That said, you can expect the unexpected. And what we've seen over the past couple of years, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, hit that home run or 2 on a big anchor deal that may turn over that gives you some extra juice. On balance, it's going to be positive. I'm not going to predict these big double-digit numbers that we had this year, but more directionally just map this out for the last 3 or 4 years in where we're heading, it's all heading in the right direction and the arrow keeps moving up. That's the best I can offer and I can't think about '14, '15, '16 because there are just too many variables that would affect a leasing spread.
David B. Henry: But Mike did hit on a strong asset of Kimco. We've got lots and lots of older leasing. When people look at our average rent, it has upside. So in general, we think we are going to outperform in terms of these leasing spreads. It's just difficult to project these very high double digits to continue.
Operator: And the next question is from Andrew Schaffer of Sandler O'Neill.
Andrew Schaffer: Just wondering, given the recent growth in private REITs, are you finding that they are the primary buyers of the dispositions or you're kind of finding them flocked more to the core product?
David B. Henry: We find them A buyer. They're certainly looking for yield and they can find the yield in some of these secondary markets and B assets. But interestingly, we actually find local buyers being particularly aggressive on one-off transactions. They think they can do a little better job in their own market than we can. They're buying some vacancy and that's just fine with us.
Operator: And next, there is a question from Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just looking at CapEx for a second, when I look at, on Page 29, your new leases and the TIs that you provided on the fourth quarter leases were roughly 20% of NOI, is there anything that happened at a few of the leases that you had? Or is there a trend to providing a little more TIs in CapEx nowadays?
Glenn G. Cohen: Essentially, the TIs and the CapEx that are provided are reflective of the market, the ability to attract the rent in a given market and who's paying the rent. So in our case, the TIs have gone up and as a direct consequence of where the leases are being signed and who's signing them. The big drivers this quarter are Nordstrom Rack in Colombia, replacing a RoomStore, a DSW in Manhasset, New York and Long Island. So we actually recycled an old, underperforming supermarket with an LA Fitness. All of these are relatively high rents because of the market -- that last, LA Fitness was in Staten Island. High-rent markets, drivers with tenants who can't pay the capital, there has to be a capital contribution. And when you look at the net effect of rent, it's still increasing. When you look at the capital cost and proportion to the rent, you're still recovering about 86%, 87% of the gross rent. And that's been the trend over the past couple of years. So on balance looking at dealmaking, not CapEx as a percentage of a static NOI, which could reflect a lot of under-market rents, we feel we're at market. We've not overcharging, so to speak, or we're not buying up rents that sometimes they have that concept that's thrown out there, just reflective of better markets, better tenants, good leases.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just staying on the topic and I'll squeeze in a second question on that. Do you think that as you lease some perhaps of the tougher space that you have that you will continue to have CapEx of this nature, roughly 20% of NOI or do you think you can reduce that?
Glenn G. Cohen: It comes down to the composition of the leases -- the spaces, the sizes. You've seen a growth in capital tenant improvement dollars generally associated with large boxes, larger tenants and better markets. My earlier point that proportionally, more of the leases -- the lease volume in 2013 and probably beyond will be in smaller tenants. I don't think the average ticket price, capital, will probably be lower. But there's still a little bit more runway in some anchor deals that we have on the table. But I can't say we're maybe hitting a high point in '12 and '13 in terms of average TA dollars per square foot. But it clearly is reflective of what -- of the benefit of some of these anchor leases and better markets.
David B. Henry: And when you look at the total package, which is the rent we are able to achieve, the free rent provisions, the TI and so forth, as a total effective rent, effective rents are moving up for us. So we suspect that it is not quite a landlord's market, but it's moving a little bit away from the strength that the tenants had to demand huge TI packages and so forth.
Operator: And our next question is from Michael Gorman of the Cowen Group.
Michael Gorman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: A quick question for Glenn. You talked about some of the improvements on the balance sheet side and some of the progress you've made there on the debt-to-EBITDA on the fixed charge. And I was just wondering if you could talk about the weighted average maturity for the consolidated debt? It's down around 3 years now, down from over 5, and I'm just kind of wondering how you're thinking about that going forward and where you'd like that to be over the long-term?
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes. I think you'll see it get extended out a little further. Again, we haven't issued a new bond since August of 2010. But when you see a new bond come, that will be a 10-year deal. So that will certainly extend it out further. We've also paid off some debt with perpetual preferred stock. So you're seeing debt get removed from the balance sheet when you're looking at it and you have no maturity. But in general, we are going to continue to extend out the duration and obviously keep the debt maturity staggered, as we always have.
Operator: And the next question is from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My question's on the 9 new Targets in Canada, you said resulting in incoming occupancy gains. Is that because there were greater vacancies surrounding Zellers' entrances or just a general lift to the shopping center where you can get more in lease spreads going forward?
David B. Henry: Generally more of a lift. You've got a lot of tenants that want to be located next to new Targets. So if they're local stores and those are shorter term leases, we expect them to roll to higher rents than they would have if the Zellers was still there. Target is expected to drive a lot of traffic to these centers. And as you know, Target had spent a lot of money fixing up these stores. So it's exciting, it's brand new for Canada. The average Canadian's very excited about Target entering. So we suspect an uplift. And if you talk to RioCan, I think they can give you some more specifics because they're seeing it.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And so, it could happen relatively quickly, at least for you?
David B. Henry: Yes, starting -- again, starting in March, you'll have 25 a quarter coming on stream up there.
Operator: And the next question is from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Sorry if I missed this from earlier, but just going back to the FCU, I think you said the guidance, recurring guidance are -- doesn't include any impacts from that investment. But I guess are you saying that the accounting treatment is such that you're owing to make booking transactional type of income from that or are you just choosing to exclude that impact?
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, there's a couple of things, Vincent. First of all, the transaction is really in 2 parts. Part of it is going to be in marketable securities, so that will just show up on the balance sheet in that line. Unless there's dividends, there's no real change that would occur. So the mark-to-market just runs through the other comprehensive income line. The other portion, which is the investment in the stores, the accounting isn't resolved yet. We're not sure if we're going to be on the equity method or the cost method. But in general, we're going to treat this as part of our transactional income, right. So we're going to keep the recurring the way we've been showing it all along. And anything that happens relative to this will show up in that transactional income or in the headline number.
Operator: And our next question is from Samit Parikh of ISI.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I'm sure you've gotten this call -- this question before from investors. But just curious, can you talk about your outlook on your business sort of over the next year or 2? And how you think about that correlating with the recovery in the housing market?
Milton Cooper: Well, the housing market is such a vital part of the retail market. When you have new homes built, people need furniture, appliances, there's job growth. So I would say that the new rooftops, new construction, new occupancy is one of the most important parts of increase in activity for retailers. So it's a very important part.
Operator: Our next question is from Mary Gilbert of Imperial Capital.
Mary Ross Gilbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the SUPERVALU transaction, mainly with the investment in the stores that I think you were talking about in the examples that you cited for potential realization opportunities. And so with the example that you've cited let's say, for example, with Shaw's, it sounded like the strategy there would be to improve the operations first before recognizing value. Is that how should we look at it because I wondered if you saw opportunities let's say very soon to maybe sell off some of the non-strategic operations there, being the Jewel stores [ph] the Shaw's and the ACME to focus on the core Albertsons. Do you think that...
Milton Cooper: It's a pertinent question because we had dinner last night with Bob Miller. And he has said the most important thing in this turnaround is to get the customer back, that to have fresh produce, to have the kind of an excitement in a store where customers can come back. And that will be the first objective turnaround of inception [ph]. Shaw's was once a marvelous place to shop. Anyone who's in New England knows what has happened. Similarly, Jewel had a fantastic share of market. But the objectives are to first get the customer back, get the customer into the store. And that will -- is the #1 priority. There will be -- there is surplus property that's separate and apart from the turnaround of the store level. And that, Ray Edwards, of our company is working on and involved and there will be monetization on there of that.
Mary Ross Gilbert - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Can I follow up with that? How soon do you think you would be getting dividend from this as you should with Albertsons, LLC?
Milton Cooper: We don't know. I mean, Albertsons, we've got 5X money back pretty quickly. And it's going to be hard to say. I happen -- I -- generally I am a pessimist. But with this management team and the skill of the letting the partners that are in the transaction, I think it's going to happen relatively quickly.
Operator: And our next question is from -- is a follow-up from Samit Parikh of ISI.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on Mexico real quick. You talked a lot about cap rates coming down in Mexico. Can you tell me where you think you could transact both the industrial and retail today? And also just quickly on that as well on listing, do you think you need to bulk up the portfolio more to have a successful listing?
David B. Henry: I think both in industrial and retail, good properties are going to trade in the 8s now, whereas a year ago it was 9. It's quite amazing and may be headed towards the low 8s, very high quality properties. As you know, the industrial is U.S. dollar rents, whereas the retailer is peso rent. In terms of the size of an offering, no, you could be relatively small. That doesn't seem to be an issue. What was intriguing to us particularly is the new Macquarie REIT because instead of an operating company going public, it's just an asset manager. All of the property management leasing is done by the sellers of those assets into the Macquarie REIT. Macquarie is just an asset manager collecting fees and so forth. So it makes what we have even more viable as a public vehicle, because we're not an operator in Mexico, but -- So it's just amazing what's going on down there.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Laura, and to everybody that participated on our call today. As a final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our website at kimcorealty.com. Thanks so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer and Member of Executive Committee Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Michael V. Pappagallo - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew Schaffer Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Kimco Realty Corp. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note that today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to your moderator, Mr. David Bujnicki, Vice President. Sir, you may begin.
David F. Bujnicki: Thank you all for joining Kimco's third quarter 2012 earnings call. With me on the call this morning is Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer, as well as other key executives, who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning, and thank you for dialing in today. Hurricane Sandy has given us an exciting few days, and we are glad it has moved on from our area. We are pleased to report strong third quarter results, continued progress on our key objectives and a significant increase in our annual dividend. Glenn and Mike will provide details and color. But in the main we continue to see steady and sustained improvement across our portfolio in terms of our key metrics and retailer demand for space. Despite the soft economy and weak employment and housing, consumer spending is holding up and national retailers in particular are again pursuing aggressive expansion plans. Discount and value-oriented anchors of all types have announced increased store counts for 2013, 2014. And this bodes well for our portfolio, especially in the context of very limited new development or supply of retail space. Although market rents remain substantially below peak levels and while certainly not a landlord's market, effective rents are increasing in most areas. We are even beginning to see occupancy improvement in our local stores basis, which has been our primary issue over the past several years. During the quarter, we made solid progress reducing our non-retail investments, selling our lower-quality, non-strategic properties, leasing up our Latin American development properties and strengthening our balance sheets. We are also thrilled to be able to discuss the fully executed purchase and sales agreement with an affiliate of Starwood Capital Group for the purchase of our InTown Suites investment. We've been working through the sales process for an extended period of time due to the complexity of selling both the corporate entity and the real estate assets. The closing timeframe is also expected to be prolonged due to the loan assumptions required and other closing details. However, all parties involved are proceeding as expeditiously as possible, and the underlying investment continues to perform very well. I would also like to take a moment to discuss our concentrated efforts to transform over time our large shopping center portfolio into one that is well recognized and described as "best-in-class." In addition to the disposition of nonstrategic and lower-quality retail assets, we have purchased many terrific new shopping centers, and we continue to expand, devote resources and invest capital in many of our very best retail properties. We recognize that the key to our success will be a dedicated focus on Kimco's primary core markets, which in general are highlighted by strong demographics, barriers to entry, limited retail per capita, larger-sized properties and higher population densities. The New York City metro area, where we have more than 70 shopping centers, and the Baltimore-Washington Corridor, where we have more than 40 shopping centers, are 2 good examples of Kimco primary markets, where we already have scale, long-standing tenant relationships and premier retail properties. We will remain fully national in scope, but we will continue to refine and focus on certain key markets. With respect to our international markets, Canada remains a strong, improving contributor to our company with a long-term, very favorable outlook. Mexico, our other large international market, also has a strong economy with 10 straight quarters of year-over-year economic expansion and a strong resurgence of international capital in the real estate sector and increasing property values. For us, lease-up of our development portfolio remains paramount and the 130 basis points occupancy increase in aggregate in our Mexico properties during the quarter is gratifying and shows promise for the rest of the year. Overall, our Latin American stabilized portfolio now exceeds 90% occupancy. Now I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details of the quarter, to be followed by Mike and Milton.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. It's been just over 2 years since we outlined our back-to-basics strategy focused on the operation and ownership of retail shopping centers, the growth of recurring retail operating cash flows from the continued lease-up of the portfolio and redevelopment opportunities and our commitment to monetize our non-retail investments and dispose of non-strategic retail assets, all while strengthening the balance sheet with reduced leverage and significant liquidity. Our strong third quarter results are further evidence of us getting it done. We continue to generate positive same-site NOI growth, increases in occupancy and positive leasing spreads. We have made further progress on the monetization of the non-retail assets and have ramped up the capital recycling program and further improved our leverage metrics. Let me provide you some specifics on our progress. As we reported last night, FFO as adjusted, our term for recurring FFO, came in at $0.31 per share, an increase of 3.3% over the same quarter last year. Our recurring FFO included positive NOI growth of $16.6 million, of which 40% was attributable to organic growth from lease-up, positive leasing spreads and redevelopments coming online within the portfolio and the balance from acquisition activity. Occupancy is up 70 basis points from the year ago to 93.7% on a gross basis and 60 basis points to 93.4% on a pro rata basis. U.S. leasing spreads are up 13%, 40.2% from new leases and 4.3% from options and renewals. In addition, combined same-site NOI was positive for the 10th straight quarter at 2.6%, excluding the impact of currency. Currency had a negative impact of 100 basis points, bringing same-site NOI to 1.6% overall with U.S. same-site NOI growth coming in at 2.5%. Mike will give you more detail on the portfolio performance in just a moment. Headline FFO came in at $0.29 per share as compared to $0.33 last year. The current year headline number includes the impact of $0.02 per share related to the noncash preferred redemption charge of $6.2 million and acquisition-related costs while last year had net transaction income of $11 million or $0.03 a share. Based on our 9-month results of FFO as adjusted per share of $0.93, we are maintaining our full year 2012 guidance of $1.24 to $1.26. Again, this guidance range does not include transaction income and expenses or noncash charges for the redemption of preferred stock. Over 96% of the contributions are provided from the retail operating portfolio. As I mentioned, our capital recycling program has gained momentum. We had a very active quarter selling 9 non-strategic retail properties for approximately $95 million and generating net non-FFO gains of $7.4 million, and then another 14 properties subsequent to quarter end for another $70 million. We redeployed the proceeds from these sales by acquiring 6 fully owned assets in our core markets for a gross purchase price of $154 million. We continue to chip away and monetize the non-retail assets reducing the balance by another $30 million and announcing the execution of a contract to sell InTown Suites, the largest remaining non-retail investment. We're actively working on the disposition of other non-retail assets. Once completed, the non-retail investments will be under $300 million or less than 2.5% of gross assets. Including the activity mentioned above, we have sold 86 non-strategic retail assets with gross proceeds of $530 million and non-retail assets of approximately $400 million since our 2010 investor day. During the same period, we acquired 47 properties for a gross purchase price of $985 million. The assets acquired have a combined occupancy of 94.2%, an average base rent of almost $14 a square foot and average household income of over $95,000. Contrast this with the assets sold, which have a combined occupancy of 83.4%, an average base rent of $8.35 and average household income of $61,000. We've made demonstrative progress in upgrading the overall quality of the portfolio and have had only minimal dilution from it when combined with the non-retail assets sold. The [Audio Gap] identified non-strategic retail assets remaining represent only 6.5% of the total portfolio today, and we continue to aggressively run through our recycling program. We continue to be proactive on the balance sheet as well. During July, we completed a new $225 million perpetual preferred issuance at a coupon of 5.5%, among the lowest coupons ever issued for this type of capital. We used the proceeds to redeem our $175 million 6.65% perpetual preferred stock in the middle of August. In addition, subsequent to quarter end we redeemed our $460 million 7.75% perpetual preferred stock. We used the proceeds from our $400 million 6% preferred issuance completed in March and the balance of the July issuance to fund the October redemption. As a result of these capital transactions, we will save approximately $11 million on an annual basis and further improve our fixed charge coverage. We expect to end 2012 with a net debt to recurring EBITDA of just under 6x in line with our expectation. I also want to point out that we have been successful refinancing the maturing mortgages in the joint venture programs. We have closed on 24 individual mortgages totaling $628 million at a weighted average rate of just under 4% and have term sheets signed for 6 more for another $160 million. We continue to lower the leverage in the joint venture programs as well. In total, we have refinanced over $1.9 billion during 2012 at significantly lower rates. As we look forward to 2013, our debt maturities are very manageable and we have already begun working on them. Now in keeping with our tradition, we are introducing initial FFO as adjusted guidance for 2013 of $1.28 to $1.33 per share, bearing in mind we have not yet completed our bottoms-up property-by-property forecast process. Again, this guidance range is solely based on recurring flows and does not include any transaction income or expenses. Using the midpoint of the 2013 guidance range yields an increase in recurring FFO per share of about 4.5%. The range is dependent on the timing of our capital recycling activities, including the sale of InTown Suites -- which we assume mid-second quarter to complete -- the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency rates and the timing of lease-up, leasing spreads and redevelopments coming online. Over 98% of the contribution is expected from recurring retail operations. We will provide more specific guidance assumptions, including same-site NOI and occupancy targets on our year-end earnings call. Last but certainly not least, we are pleased to announce that based on our 2012 performance and the expectations for 2013, our Board of Directors has approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend of $0.02 per common share to $0.21 per quarter, an increase of 10.5% on an annualized basis. Our FFO payout ratio remain conservative at a level of about 40 -- 64%. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Thanks, Glenn. I'll start by going off script. There are many questions surrounding the impact of Superstorm Sandy on the Kimco portfolio. The good news is that the impact on the portfolio is relatively tame considering the devastation that the storm brought to the area. Now recognize between Kimco's Northeast and Mid-Atlantic portfolios, we have over 200 properties. It's about 22 million square feet. And remarkably, most of it escaped pretty well. Now our Mid-Atlantic region, essentially untouched, all but 5 centers have full power. New York metro, a little bit more impact, mostly canopies, facades, some roof damaged on a few centers but very few issues that are shutting down the centers. In fact, although there is a significant amount of power loss in the area, most of the major tenants are open for business through the use of their own generators. Our crews are out. Cleanup is already underway, so there's very little impact. The one area that we have not been able to gain access to is Staten Island because of the issues surrounding that particular area. But we hope to get out there this morning and assess the situation in that market. Most -- all of our properties will be fully covered by insurance and we have a very low deductible, so there's certainly no economic impact on that. And again, with respect to our tenant base, the majority of the tenants are open and operating, so we don't see any significant issues coming out of rental revenues. We will keep everyone posted as conditions warrant. So that's the update on Hurricane Sandy. And I do need to give a full public acknowledgment to our property management teams in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic, who are doing an incredible job of getting out to the properties and making an assessment as we go through this process. Okay. Back to the standard stuff. The third quarter operating metrics and trendlines remained solid. And I think they underscore the strengthening of our portfolio base and the overall improving environment. Both the U.S. and overall occupancy levels improved again in the third quarter. The U.S. portfolio occupancy increased by 20 basis points sequentially. Interestingly, the uptick was due solely to smaller-space lease-up, and it's certainly been a while since we've been able to say that. The occupancy of spaces under 10,000 square feet jumped 60 basis points to 83.9% with 2/3 of the increase attributable to positive leasing activity and the balance that benefited from the dispositions. Peeling back the onion a bit more, the overall non-anchor space occupancy has jumped over 2% in the past 12 months, and we're experiencing increases in both the true small-space leasing of under 5,000 square feet, as well as the larger mid-shop spaces. Consistent with prior quarters, this shift is towards national and franchise concepts with the 2 drivers being food and service offerings. On the anchor leasing side, we did experience some important new lease signings, but it was mostly offset from a couple of vacancies from the bankruptcy of RoomStore. With respect to those new deals, the eye-popping 40% positive spread underscores the ongoing trend of improvements in rental rates, periodically turbocharged by a below-market anchor box space brought up to market. In this case, it was a location in Pompano, Florida, in which Kmart was replaced by Whole Foods and Sports Authority. And I'd also like to point out that the meaningful increases were captured in releasing of spaces made available from the Borders and A&P bankruptcies, including Nordstrom Rack at our center in Manhasset, New York, and LA Fitness in Farmington, Connecticut, and a strong regional specialty supermarket replacing a Waldbaum's in Huntington, also along Long Island. Our U.S. same-store gross number landed at 2.5%. And I was quite pleased with this result knowing that the rent commencements for some of our replacement deals for those Borders and A&P boxes wouldn't kick in until the fourth quarter and thought we might get nicked a bit on the comps for this reporting period. However, our renewal experience was better than expected and credit loss experience continues to improve, underscoring the overall upgrade in tenancy and portfolio composition over the past year. And as a result, the U.S. same-site numbers have averaged at roughly to 2.5% handled through the 9-month period. So we are pleased with direction, velocity and recovery of rental rates, leasing spreads and NOI growth. But we are not losing focus as there's still a lot of hard work and creativity needed to manage through some of the downsizing initiatives on certain formats, the inevitable retailer bankruptcy and recognizing changing demographics and consequent demand in best tenant fit at our centers. That said, we're aided by increased demand for space, conscious that it's the stronger retailers that are taking market share rather than the general economic rising tide lifting all boats. It is the retailers that demonstrate operational excellence and/or focusing on differentiation, often by catering to specific targets, be it high-end or specialty or value or ethnic or other differences that are carrying the day. And as mentioned earlier, for smaller-space users, services and food products and restaurants across the spectrum are filling the gaps. Recognizing that over the long term, the primary driver in demand for space and strong pricing at a property will remain its location and market, we continue to push through our portfolio recycling efforts. We accelerated the pace of dispose since the begin of the third quarter with a total of 23 properties and 2.7 million square feet exited over the past 4 months. Because of these moves, we were able to consolidate our 2 Ohio offices into a single one and generated over $116 million for reinvestment into our existing property base and purchases in our target markets. We currently have deals set on 15 more properties and another 20 are in the market. And we expect that pace to continue through the next couple of years. Finally, looking outside the U.S., as Glenn noted, currency movements did not help the cause for our Mexico and Canadian comparable results this quarter. But in local currency terms, we're still trending well and expect 2012 to end with an NOI level ahead of budget both in local currency and U.S. dollar basis. Latin America, we executed a little under 200,000 square feet of leasing since our last earnings call and overall occupancy continues to increase. As Dave mentioned, in Mexico, we reached the 90% mark on our portfolio of stabilized properties. And when adding in those still in development and lease-up, the overall Mexico occupancy rose to 86.9%. Demand levels have continued to increase. And our operating team there has noted an increased interest from U.S.-based apparel retailers to enter the Mexico market. I think this has been helped by the reduction of tariffs against the wide variety of Chinese-made goods, including shoes and textiles. Canadian market remains healthy with an ever-growing roster of retailers expressing interest in opening stores north of the border. Most recently, Nordstrom announced its intention to open full -- 4 Full-Line Stores over the next 2 years and they'll continue to pursue additional opportunities for both more Full-Line and Nordstrom Racks. That's my report. And now for concluding comments, if Milton is still on his cell phone, I'll turn it over to him.
Milton Cooper: Yes, I am. Well, thanks, Mike. Our business is to be the premier owner of retail real estate. And the keyword is real [ph]. We own real estate and retailers are our tenants. We have consistently pointed out that our retail tenants may come and go, but our real estate remains growing in value over time. Some retailers will continue to face challenges. To mitigate those challenges, we focus on 3 things. One, retailer who sell nondiscretionary items, such as food, supermarkets and warehouse clubs, as well as discounters [ph] [Audio Gap] That offer value in all economic [indiscernible]. Tenants with good credits. Three, tenants who have below-market rents. Our list [indiscernible] by TJX, the off-price apparel retailer. The company has an [Audio Gap] of $30 billion. [indiscernible] market [indiscernible] have 2 largest tenants as well, with a 250 [indiscernible] our excellent investment rate credits. [indiscernible] we handled 8,000 tenants representing almost 15,000 leases. No tenant represents more than 3% of our annual base. This highlights how diversified our portfolio is and how we have spread the risk in our portfolio. We have diluted [ph] [indiscernible] cash flows and dividends and repeatedly seized the opportunity [indiscernible] but have a good real estate. Now we may be facing headwinds in the economy, but on a relative basis, our retailers should fare better than most. And we're so gratified by the positive metrics in our portfolio and our return to core real estate. And with that, we're happy to take any questions.
David F. Bujnicki: Operator, we're ready to move on to the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from R.J. Milligan from Raymond James.
R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Mike, you touched on the leasing spreads a little bit. And I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more detail on the TI side, which was up considerably from, I guess, the trailing 12-month number. So just how that dynamic is working.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Sure. The overall TI did go up. I think it was in part due to the Pompano deal that I did mention because even though the footprint was the same, it was a pretty significant rebuild of the existing location, as well some of the deals that I'd also referred to in terms of new tenants at the former bankruptcies of Borders and A&P also had more cost to it. So in this quarter, I think the activity and the rents -- excuse me, the activity and the number of leases did uptick the average spending a little. That said, the rent dollars did support it. So on a net effective rent basis at those spaces, we were still well ahead of the previous NER.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Spector from Merrill Lynch.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to see -- I don't know if you've done this analysis or provided it, just thinking about as you discussed your efforts in pruning noncore assets but specifically, your -- what you've labeled as noncore retail assets, have you quantified the improvement, what you expect in demographics in the portfolio?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Jeff, we haven't come up with specific quantitative targets on where we want it to go. And I think that's in part because, as Dave's comments, as his prepared comments indicated, we are going to remain and we find great value in being a national company. So in being a national company, just by definition, we're going to have more blended macro statistics with respect to demographics than say someone who may be just regionally focused in one particular area or not. All that said, without a specific target, I would refer back to some of the points that Glenn had made and also what you see in our published materials and presentations that the acquired sites -- again, using it as a national footprint, is somewhat representative of where we are looking to go both in terms of household incomes, densities and population. In addition to that, we're going to look on a very specific basis on a given property as to barriers to entry or a particular attribute, or series of attributes at the location that would prevent competition and give us more pricing power. So when you blend all of those forces together, continuing on a national footprint, I think what you will see over time is a continuing improvement towards the demographic numbers that you see on our more currently acquired sites.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then I wanted to see if Dave or if you could, Mike, give a little bit more color on Dave's comment at the opening, talking about you're seeing an increase in store counts from discounters in '13 and '14?
Michael V. Pappagallo: We have continued to see the demand increasing from the national and regional players, as again as well as some of the franchise concepts. It cuts across the board. As we've said in different forums that retailers are expanding. I think the expansion plans though are what I'd call more intelligent expansion than perhaps in the heyday when it was just open x number of stores because Wall Street wanted it. And in certain formats, I think the realities of not enough available space are coming to the fore because retailers aren't necessarily going to open in any and all markets. There still is a bias towards those markets where they can estimate sales pretty well. They're generally in fill [ph] existing population areas, not a lot of greenfield. So you put all those things into play, the demand is still there, but the supply continues to shrink.
Milton Cooper: I would just add this. There's a Pricewaterhouse study of proposed openings of different categories. And the 2 highest number of openings belong to the discounters and the warehouse clubs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan from Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: In terms of the guidance, so you provide the breakout in the South [ph], and I just wanted to try to -- I mean, you can sort of triangulate it, but maybe if you could just provide what you have as the net dilution from the sale of InTown in the guidance? I know you're incorporating some -- I mean, you are obviously incorporating the interest expense savings and the loss in income. But any reinvestments or anything else in sort of mid-second quarter, is that what I heard you say?
Glenn G. Cohen: So Paul, as I mentioned, we are expecting to have a closing. And in the assumptions, it's mid-second quarter. InTown will provide this year a little over $0.06, so we've modeled in about $0.02 for next year. So we have about $0.04 of dilution that will come from it. Part of the guidance range, again depends on when that timing occurs. So if it doesn't happen until the end of the second quarter or the middle of the third quarter, you'll get further toward the higher end of the range, among other things. But you still have a very solid increase from where we are, right? We're expecting midpoint 2012 $1.25, midpoint of the new guidance is $1.31, so you're looking at 4.8% up.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So the $0.06 per share of FFO drop from non-retail is -- that's $0.02 of that is InTown, and then there's other non-retail that's comprising the other $0.04?
Glenn G. Cohen: $0.04 of it is InTown. The other $0.02 are the other things that we've sold off during the year and the repayment of certain mortgages and the other assets that have been monetized.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then my second question is just on your acquisitions and dispositions activity in the retail side. You talk about cap rates, the spread between what you're selling and what you're buying and where they are today for your targeted markets.
David B. Henry: Yes. As we mentioned before, 2 things are occurring -- for us, anyway. The high-quality properties we're buying are in the 6s today and sometimes drift a little bit south of that, and that's an indication of the high demand for high-quality shopping centers in primary key markets. That's where the highest demand is. On the other side of the coin, B properties in secondary markets, there's still at least a couple of hundred basis points difference in cap rate. Although activity in those secondary markets and B properties has picked up, there's still a wide difference between those 2 categories. Luckily, in our case, because we are also selling certain non-earning, non-retail assets such our buildings, our urban buildings in New York and Philadelphia and Chicago and Boston that we've sold over time, those buildings were purchased years ago as redevelopment assets. And today, they produce no earnings. So when you blend the sale of those assets with our non-strategic shopping centers that we're selling in the 8 and 9s and aboves, the blend equals basically no dilution for us. It's about an average of a 7% cap of what we've been buying and about a 7% when you look at all the dispositions we've had. So for now, there's very minimal dilution on our dispositions.
Michael V. Pappagallo: And the one thing I would add though is that as we go forward and as we successfully eliminate those non-earning, non-retail assets, we will be confronted with, I think, some mild dilution because there will be a spread on what we're buying and what we're selling. But in many respects, I've spoken with many of you on the sell side, and the advice that I've constantly heard from you is that, "Don't worry as much about FFO. If you're recycling the portfolio and upgrading the portfolio, you should get more than enough value creation and more than enough benefit in your multiple." So whereas we recognize that there might be a nick in the short-term FFO dilution -- or FFO estimates, certainly, I think that the research community would understand and embrace that relative to the recycling program that we've begun.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And is that nick included in the 2013 number at all?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Bilerman from Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just sticking with the transaction activity for a moment. Dave, I think in your opening comments, you talked about concentrating on those core markets and you talked about New York and D.C., where you already have a big presence. I guess, as you execute that plan, does that incorporate perhaps buying out any of your joint venture partners? Or is all that new incremental assets to the marketplace?
David B. Henry: From time to time, we certainly have been buying out partners, where we really like the properties and the markets longterm. And we will continue to do that over time because some of these institutional investors prefer to go home or need to dispose of certain assets. So that's certainly part of our acquisition strategy. It's much easier to buy out a partner in a property that we've been managing for years than it is to bid for a property on the open market. So that's certainly part of our strategy.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And were you trying to infer that there'd be actual near-term activity that would be boosting some of these markets? Or were you just saying it more as a long-term goal?
David B. Henry: More as a long-term goal.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just, Glenn, quickly just in terms of the guidance, in terms of the core retail FFO, so the $2.29 to $2.36, so that's up $0.07 to $0.12 relative to what's you're going to produce this year. How much of that is being driven just by sort of the core effective same-store versus the investments that you've made in terms of buying assets or the redeployment of some of the proceeds out of InTown? Just trying to understand the differential between really what is internal versus external growth in that number.
Glenn G. Cohen: The majority of it today is internal. If you look at -- just use the midpoint because it's just easier to work from, you're looking at 4.5% growth of the total retail line. Most of that is internal from the existing portfolio and from the assets that we've acquired and the growth rates that are in there. And again, the guidance range, it's early, it's only October, but the guidance range is going to be somewhat dependent on how well leasing spreads go, the further lease-up occupancy and the growth in those same sites. But we've modeled it enough where we're comfortable with this range. And we think 4.5% growth at the midpoint is pretty solid for a retail portfolio that has lots of long-term leases.
Michael V. Pappagallo: And to add a tack [ph] on my earlier points, Mike, I think as we look at the recycling, we will get the benefit, the full year benefit of things we acquired in 2012, but we also will continue that recycling for 2013. So the net acquisition -- to Glenn's point, the net acquisition disposition activity is not going to be a meaningful adder to that. Most of that is being generated from in-place, existing property base.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. And then InTown is completely in the non-retail line. There's no -- the debt that's on InTown is not in the corporate finance? That's not why that's going down. That's just being driven by your positive refinancing, correct?
Glenn G. Cohen: Correct. Spot on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cedrik Lachance from Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: There's a number of small strip center REIT companies out there that have low market cap and high G&A burdens, no evidence of ability to grow over time. What's your appetite to take out some of these companies? Or what's your appetite for public-to-public transactions?
David B. Henry: Well, first of all, certainly Kimco has a history of acquiring other public companies. I think we bought 5 over the last 12 years, so we're certainly experienced and constantly look at that opportunity. But that said, as we mentioned, we are very determined to focus on these primary key markets and very high-quality assets. So in some cases, that will knock out the attractiveness of acquiring some of these smaller companies. So we will look at this. But again, we're much more determined to make sure that we upgrade our portfolio over time by sticking to these key primary markets for us.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: And I'll squeeze a second question since it's a bit of a trend. I noticed you bought back about $30 million of your shares so far this year. What's the thought process behind that?
Glenn G. Cohen: That simply was just keeping the amount of share dilution down from option exercises and any restricted stock that was issued.
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Mueller from JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First, a clarification. Glenn, for 2013, outside of InTown, are there any acquisitions, dispositions in that number? Or is it just nothing beyond InTown and what's been done so far?
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, in terms of -- again, from a capital plan, it's not finalized yet, but the initial capital plan is pretty much what we've been doing. It's recycling. So to the extent that we're selling assets, both non-retail and retail, we're redeploying that capital into other shopping center assets. So we're pretty much net on it. We're probably modestly a net buyer but very modestly.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then post InTown, if we're just looking at the remaining non-retail assets, I know the yield on that is going be lower. What's the effective NOI yield post InTown?
Glenn G. Cohen: It's really small. It's like very low single-digit because what's left are our Philadelphia -- at the bulk of it, it will be our Philadelphia assets, which there is virtually no yield on. And we have a small amount of marketable securities that has a small dividend yield on it, but that's a longer-term play. So it's very small. It's probably in the 2 percentage range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Schaffer from Sandler O'Neill.
Andrew Schaffer: One quick question. I was wondering if you guys have seen any slowdown in the small tenant leasing within the last 30 to 45 days.
Michael V. Pappagallo: No, we have not, not within the last 30 or 45 days. It's been a continuous process of slow and steady increase in demand, again with a bias towards the smaller national chains.
Andrew Schaffer: And then thinking bigger picture, as the election and fiscal cliff are coming up, do you see any slowdown on the larger national [indiscernible] tenants, as well? Or this is probably [ph] across the board, you guys are seeing slow progress?
David B. Henry: Yes. I'll take the bigger tenants. There is a momentum to these national chains, and they're fully into this. There's been no slowdown at all. They establish their capital plans years in advance, and so they're going forward. There's no "capping on the breaks" that we can tell on these national retailers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Moore from RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: On the Latin American front, same-store NOI was down, I think, because of currency exchange rates. Are spreads down as well because of that, number one? And then number two, I noticed you split out the industrial portfolio in Mexico as a separate line item in the joint venture category, and I'm curious if anything special is going on there, like maybe a potential sale of those assets?
Michael V. Pappagallo: I'll answer the first part of the question. The spreads in Mexico actually for new leases this quarter were mildly positive on new deals. The disclosure shows that the renewals were negative, which was outside of what we've normally seen and that really is just a restructuring of one particular account, where we had a multiple tenant account, that in exchange for a rent shift closer to the market, we extended the term of the leases. But in general, Mexico leasing spreads over a period of time, even though they represent a very small population to the total Mexico portfolio, have slowly but surely improved, although you have seen negative spreads in those -- for that very small population.
David B. Henry: And I'll just add a little color to Mike's comment on this one restructure. These were leases that are U.S. dollar leases. So it particularly hurt that retailer because his income was in pesos and his obligation to us was in dollars -- relatively unique for our portfolio. We have very few retail leases that are in dollars. This one did, and it was part of the gives and the gets of extending certain leases and renewing them. And that's why the leasing spreads in this particular case were still negative.
Glenn G. Cohen: I'll take the second part of your question. Just on Page 6 of our supplemental, which is our NOI disclosures, we have always showed the Mexico industrial portfolio. And there had been a lot of requests from you and your brethren on disclosing it more on the joint venture side. So we just broke it out to help you guys tie the thing back. That's all. Nothing else going on there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Isbee from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just going back to the leasing activity, Mike, maybe you can break out what the new lease spreads would have been without the Pompano and Manhasset leases?
Michael V. Pappagallo: They would have been a -- I'm doing this off the top of my head, Nate, I believe a high single-digit number, somewhere in the 8% or 9% range.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then if you look at the lease spreads for the spaces below 10,000, how would those look?
Michael V. Pappagallo: They actually were positive as well, similar rate, much less impact. And that's been the encouraging side of the equation over the past few quarters is where they -- when we report leasing spreads in smaller spaces a year ago, it would've been negative, [indiscernible] it down. And they flattened out earlier this year, and now they are net-net positive. Also in terms of the number of leases that are positive versus negative have increased, and actually are the majority now. And I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that most of the fallout and most of the recycling, if you will, and rollover of some of the toughest spaces, the toughest rents, particularly out West, have really for the most part run through the system. I'd still give it a little bit more time before you really mark the entire West Coast portfolio to market. But outside of that, most of the other regions are strongly positive. And so net-net, you wind up with a mid- to high single-digit positive leasing spread.
Glenn G. Cohen: Nate, part of the advantage of the size of our portfolio and the age of our portfolio is things like Pompano do happen and we have those opportunities in a lot of cases, just where we had it in Staten Island. And there's more of those to come over time, so I think it's one of the benefits of the size and age of the portfolio.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right, okay. And Mike, you just mentioned in your prepared remarks about some rent commencements moving into the fourth quarter. Can you quantify what that was and what type of pop we might see in the same-store numbers in the fourth quarter?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Well, yes, in the normal planning process, I had attributed about 25 basis points on -- 25 to 30 basis points of same-store growth, just focusing on the bankruptcies and when the leases were signed, when the rents were going to commence. So whereas I'm not rolling out an official fourth quarter same-site NOI, I knew that, that number was going to benefit the fourth quarter. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly from Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Anything [ph] for Mike. I recognize that capital might ultimately belong to their high net worth clients. But one of the investment banks you're teamed up with on a significant JV has been in the press recently about derisking their balance sheet and reducing capital obligations. Does that news have any potential to impact the buy-hold decision on that JV? Because I noticed your square footage was down there about 8% to 10% year-over-year.
Michael V. Pappagallo: If you're talking about UBS's very public statement and downsizing, UBS has made it clear that they would like to exit over time. And we've made no secret of taking a look at that and talking to UBS about either increasing our [indiscernible] or acquiring the balance of UBS's portfolio there. It's been a long process as they've hired advisors to help them value their share of our joint venture. But that is certainly one institutional partner that is looking at exit.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, do you think that could be accelerated into next year? Or do you still think that's kind of a longer, more drawn-out process?
David B. Henry: The UBS thing, I suspect, is a shorter-term timeframe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Spector from Merrill Lynch.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just one additional question on the food retailing category. It sounded like from Milton's comments, it's an area of focus going forward. And just curious to hear your latest thoughts on the category, specifically Walmart's continued push. And as you said, the increase in discounters growing their store count but also increasing their presence. How do you see that impacting your plans?
David B. Henry: Milton, would you like to comment on that one?
Milton Cooper: Well, we've always pointed out that the conventional supermarket, by and large, is under attack by warehouse clubs, Walmart superstores, Target superstores, ALDI's, Trader Joe's, Whole Foods -- you name it. So the conventional supermarket has had difficulty and will continue to have difficulty. And that's what we see in what we call the traditional supermarket.
Michael V. Pappagallo: So I think to just further that point, Jeff, you have seen pretty significant expansion from Whole Foods. They're dealing with a particular subgroup. On the low end of the value, ALDI's made a more aggressive expansion. The dollar stores are trying to increase the food component in their footprint, warehouse clubs are doing well. So it does cause us to take a good -- a close look at the "conventional supermarkets", the ones who are catering to the middle and don't have a particular niche. That doesn't necessarily mean to say that they're all in trouble. But as we evaluate the portfolio, the viability of some of these larger supermarkets and just the sustainability of the property as a supermarket location that potentially other supermarket chains may take over, those are the things that we put into the calculus. Food will always be an important dimension of a shopping center portfolio. It's just a question of being really ahead of the game and understanding a lot of the dynamics and macro forces that are affecting food retailing as we go forward.
Milton Cooper: From our point of view, what we have to be careful about is the traffic generated by the supermarket and the issue of how many local stores can exist based on that volume. We have maintained that many of the supermarket locations have too large a number of local stores and they can't keep their occupancy up.
David B. Henry: Sorry, I would just add one more point. It is interesting to note that some of the private grocery chains are healthy and alive and cooking. The Wegmans of the world, the H-E-Bs, the Publix, they're doing quite well and still expanding.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And so at this point, you haven't concluded yet whether it's going to be one traditional plus the rest you discussed. You're still trying to figure that out.
David B. Henry: Well, we watch all of these companies and the specific real estate very carefully. As we acquire properties, we make sure that we can get a replacement grocer, that the rent is below market, that the store is right-sized and a good location and so forth. So we underwrite all these aspects of our grocery-anchored properties, and we're trying to be proactive as possible, given that it is a very thin margin and competitive industry facing some challenges.
Jeffrey Spector - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I thought it was interesting, I guess, given all the comments about the larger grocers. Did you say on the small shop side though, you're actually seeing some successful small shops in the food category? And if so, I mean, what are they doing? What are they offering?
Michael V. Pappagallo: My comments associated with smaller concepts were generally many of the food chains, everything from the traditional fast food and the McDonald's to the Burger King to some of the sit-down restaurants to the Chipotles of the world to the Five Guys Burgers, the comment was made generally to say that as we think about the utilization of smaller spaces, the 2 recurring formats that we see that are adding space, that are adding to our occupancy are things that cut across the food spectrum, as well as on the other side, more service orientation. And that can be -- just throw out a name, a Massage Envy, as one example, or the Weight Watchers centers as another. But just to give you a perspective of the smaller spaces are being filled, that interestingly enough, are things that are -- the old "You can buy it on the Internet", and that seems to be where the dynamic is. Milton's point was about generally with supermarket-anchored centers is depending on the traffic that we want a reasonable amount of small stores to complement the supermarkets. And one of the problems that our industry has had during the heyday of development is too much small store space was added to a grocery-anchored center. And when the recession hit, many of those fell by the wayside, the dynamics of the shop couldn't support those business concepts.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rich Moore from RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just one more question. Any interest in SUPERVALU?
Michael V. Pappagallo: SUPERVALU. It's one of those situations where they need to reassess their whole business model and they need to consider all the alternatives. Acquiring SUPERVALU in whole or in part is probably more the business of a financial buyer like a PE firm or maybe another supermarket operator. We have been involved in some of those transactions over the years, such as Albertsons, but we've been involved essentially for our real estate skills. So at this point, Rich, from the SUPERVALU situation, I just wouldn't speculate as to our involvement there at this point.
Operator: And at this time, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to management for any closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Jamie, and to everyone that participated on our call today. As a final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. We do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your telephone lines.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications and Corporate Vice President David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer and Member of Executive Committee Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Michael V. Pappagallo - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Andrew Leonard Rosivach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Kimco's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call 2012. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dave Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Andrew. Thank you all for joining Kimco's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning is Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call may be deemed forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements due to a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Please refer to the company's SEC filings that address such factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. We are very happy with our second quarter results as they constitute strong progress on our strategic goals and objectives. Key items are summarized in our earnings release. But I would like to provide a general high-level economical review, together with updated information on certain disposition activities. Overall, the neighborhood and community shopping center sector continues its solid upward trend evidenced by increasing occupancies, higher effective rents and solidly positive same-store NOI growth. With virtually no new construction activity, continued population increases and a growing GDP, we are confident about the short- and intermediate-term prospects for our business and our portfolio. While retail real estate and consumer spending are vulnerable longer term to any form of economic double-dip, for now there is strong momentum among the majority of retailers as they execute expansion plans and growth strategies in the face of a shrinking supply of high-quality retail space. A recent research report notes that more than 76,000 new stores are expected to open over the next 24 months, 9% more than corresponding 2011 levels. Restaurants such as Five Guys, Subway and KFC are leading the pack, but dollar stores and discount box stores are also accelerating their store openings. As Glenn and Mike will provide the specifics of our solid second quarter earnings and portfolio performance, I would like to anticipate several questions and provide an update on some of our key initiatives. With respect to the disposition of our InTown Suites investment, we have now executed a formal exclusivity agreement and related confidentiality document with one of the finalists in our marketing sales process. While we can provide no assurances, we are hopeful that we will enter into a formal purchase and sales agreement in the near future. Under the terms of the signed exclusivity and confidentiality agreement, this statement represents the extent of the information we are permitted to disclose at this time. At the property level, the InTown operations continue to perform strongly across-the-board with RevPAR, occupancy and EBITDA all exceeding budget projections. In addition, the most recent Highland Group hotel industry report indicates that InTown's top line growth exceeds its economy segment competitors in almost all categories. With regard to the shopping center acquisitions and sales markets, we continue to see both increasing prices for high-quality shopping centers and a more active market with slightly higher prices for B properties and secondary markets. Both trends are encouraging signs that the retail sector is fully back in favor among all types of investors and buyers. E-commerce is now perceived as a reduced threat as most national retailers have adopted an integrative store and Internet sales strategy, which has enhanced both aspects of their operations. In addition, there is a growing belief that the patently unfair state sales tax advantage held by e-commerce retailers is coming to a well-deserved end. The House Judiciary hearing on the Main Street Fairness legislation went well a week ago and the Senate has now scheduled a hearing on its version of the bill for August. On behalf of all of us in the shopping center industry, we thank our shareholders and others that have lobbied hard on behalf of the Main Street Fairness legislation. This is a critically important issue for our retailers and our industry. On another front, Glenn deserves to take an appropriate bow for taking the initiative to tap the perpetual preferred market 2 weeks ago at a record low rate. This was our second preferred stock issued this year and helps lock in long-term, low-cost capital. Under almost every measure, we have the liquidity, a strong balance sheet and the staggered debt maturities to weather any prolonged economic downturn or softness. As a brief note on our international operations. The economies of both Canada and Mexico are strong and growing impressively with corresponding benefits to our shopping center portfolios in these countries. The recent election results in Mexico bode well, and we continue to see our U.S. retailers expand aggressively in both countries. Our project in San Juan Del Rio recently represented Home Depot's 97th store opening in Mexico. As we move into August, we are very happy with our results. We are confident that we have strong positive momentum and that we will achieve success this year in growing our FFO, improving the profile of our shopping center portfolio and maintaining our very strong balance sheet. It is worth noting that in terms of our ongoing strengths, stability and diversity, Kimco remains the largest landlord of Costco, Home Depot, TJX, Target, Ross Stores, Walgreen and Bed Bath & Beyond, all strong investment grade companies. Now, I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details of our second quarter, to be followed by Mike and Milton.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. The positive second quarter results are clear indicators of the execution of our strategic objectives. Once again, we have achieved positive same-site NOI growth, further improvement in occupancy and positive leasing spreads, better known as our vital signs. Our capital recycling program is on target with the continued monetization of non-retail assets, which is now down to 3.9% of gross assets and the disposition of nonstrategic retail properties while selectively acquiring shopping centers in markets, which have long-term growth potential. In addition, we continue to focus on further strengthening of the balance sheet and reducing our overall cost of capital. Let me provide you with some specifics. As a reminder, we are using the term FFO as adjusted to represent recurring FFO. FFO as adjusted was $0.31 per diluted share for the second quarter as compared to $0.30 last year. Headline FFO came in at $0.34 this quarter, which includes approximately $12 million of transaction income primarily related to a distribution from our Albertsons investment, an investment that keeps on giving us we have received almost 5x the original investment; and the recognition of a gain on the sale of air rights and several promote participations. Headline FFO last year was $0.31. We continue to be active on the disposition and acquisition fronts. We recognize almost $9 million of non-FFO net gains from the sale of 12 shopping center assets and 2 non-retail urban assets including the sale of Montgomery Plaza, a Kimco development asset, for the formation of a new joint venture with RioCan. RioCan is the 80% partner and Kimco is the 20% partner and manager of the asset. Total proceeds from these sales were $105 million, which were quickly redeployed with the acquisition of 5 unencumbered properties and the remaining 70% interest in our Towson, Maryland property, which we previously owned 30% of for an aggregate cost of $180 million. Our shopping center portfolio metrics continue to deliver solid results. U.S. occupancy on a pro rata basis increased 50 basis points from the first quarter level to 93.3% and up 20 basis points from the beginning of the year and 70 basis points from a year ago. U.S. same-site NOI growth was 2.1% for the second quarter and represents the ninth consecutive quarter with positive growth for this metric. Combined same-site NOI growth, including Canada and Latin America, was 2.6% before the impact of currency which nicked the metric by 90 basis points due to the strengthening U.S. dollar, bringing the combined same-site NOI growth to 1.7%. For the 6 months, U.S. same-site NOI growth was 2.2% and the combined same-site NOI growth was 2.9% before currency impact. Overall, leasing spreads were positive at 4.5% with new lease spreads at 5.4% and renewals and options at 4.2%. Now even with what appears to be a slowing U.S. economy, the debt markets including the bank market, unsecured and secured markets and equity markets continue to function well with new record low coupons being achieved by numerous companies as investors search the yield from high-quality companies. We are pleased with our access to over $1.5 billion of new capital raised so far this year from the unsecured bank market, the mortgage market, both CMBS and on-book lenders and the perpetual preferred equity markets. Our balance sheet metrics are strong with a consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA had adjusted up 5.6x. And if you include the transaction income, the net debt-to-EBITDA stands at 5.1x. Also, if you pro forma the EBITDA from the $92 million of acquisitions completed in late June, the net debt-to-EBITDA would improve by another 0.2x. Our fixed charge coverage remains solid at 2.6x including the impact of prefunding our upcoming debt maturities in November of this year for $200 million and $100 million in January of 2013 with a new $400 million term loan, which closed in April priced at LIBOR plus 105 with a term of up to 5 years. In addition, we've prefunded an anticipated redemption of our $460 million 7 3/4% perpetual preferred issuance, which becomes redeemable on October 2012 with a new $400 million 6% preferred issuance, which was completed in March, and most recently in July completed a new $225 million perpetual preferred issuance at 5 1/2%, which is believed to be the lowest coupon ever for this type of security. We are using a portion of the proceeds to redeem our $175 million, 6.65% preferred issuance on August 15. Please keep in mind that the dilution associated with the term loan and the preferred issuances will have a $0.03 impact for the full year 2012. However, once the redemptions are complete, the annual savings will be approximately $11 million annually and provide further reduction of our fixed charge costs. As a result of these activities, our liquidity position is in excellent shape with over $380 million of cash on hand at the end of the second quarter and over $1.7 billion available on our revolving credit facility. As noted in the press release last night, we anticipate declaring our quarterly common and preferred dividends on or about August 15. The timing is to ensure technical compliance on the Maryland law as we consider the redemption of our 7 3/4% Class G preferred stock, which becomes redeemable on October 10, 2012. Lastly, we are pleased to increase the low end of our FFO as adjusted guidance from $1.22 to $1.24, thus narrowing our FFO as adjusted guidance range to $1.24 to $1.26 even with the $0.03 dilution from the pre-fundings previously mentioned. The FFO per share guidance does not include transaction income or expenses or noncash charges for the redemption of preferred stock. Our guidance assumptions do include achieving combined same-site NOI growth ranging from 1.5% to 3.5% and increasing combined portfolio occupancy for the year of 50 to 100 basis points and a further reduction of our non-retail due to the continued monetization of those assets. Now, I'll turn it over to Mike for a review of the operating portfolio.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Thank you, Glenn. Good morning, everyone. At the midyear point, I'm pleased to report that the portfolio vital signs remain strong and continue to reflect the momentum in the shopping center fundamentals over the past couple of years. Occupancy has picked up noticeably from the prior quarter, the consequence of both positive net absorption and portfolio recycling efforts. The occupancy levels are at their highest point since the fourth quarter of 2008, underscoring the improved supply and demand dynamics for space. In the U.S. portfolio, occupancy levels for anchors, using space over 10,000 square foot as the definition, remained robust at 96.3%. But more significantly, we made big improvements in the small space leasing with a 1% uplift in the occupancy level to 83.3%. Leasing spreads remain in the right direction. And while we weren't as high as the 10% combined number from the first quarter, we've been running positive for 6 quarters now. Same-site NOI, as I mentioned, showed another positive result at 2.1% for the U.S. and 1.7% overall, with the aggregate numbers being influenced down by the FX. But similar to last quarter, the NOI growth numbers do reflect the drag from the temporary loss in rents from the former Borders and A&P boxes with roughly a 60 basis point effect. Of the 22 boxes vacated by Borders and A&P during their prospective bankruptcy processes, we now have re-leased 17 with a composite 3% spread. And these replacement deals will start to positively influence the NOI metrics over the next few quarters. Our non-U.S. operations also have continued to achieve its growth objectives when analyzed on a local currency basis. The Latin America portfolio is about 8% ahead of plan so far and it's 15% over last year's numbers in terms of NOI contribution. The big push, however, remains the leasing plans for the next 6 months as we're about halfway to our 800,000-square foot leasing goal. Canada remains a solid performer with occupancies remaining at 96.5% and same-site NOI growth at 3.8% for the 6-month period in local currency terms. Moving beyond the operating results. I thought I'd make a brief comment on Kimco's exposure to SUPERVALU, considering the recent unfavorable news coming from the supermarket chain. We currently have 27 leases in the portfolio across all of the SUPERVALU banners, which represent just under 1% of base rates. Most of these sites are valuable supermarket locations, and 2/3 of the current leases are at rates we feel are at or below market. Notwithstanding SUPERVALU'S announced pursuit of strategic alternatives, we do not see a short-term issue for us. So while we keep a watchful eye on the SUPERVALU situation, I'd also point out a couple of other positive developments within our tenant universe. The completion of the acquisition of Cost Plus by Bed Bath & Beyond gives them a new avenue for growth and it's certainly a benefit to the 17 locations of Cost Plus in the Kimco portfolio. Similarly, the acquisition of Charming Shoppes by Ascena Group not only expands the Ascena customer base but will cast a different light on Charming Shoppes' strategy to close its fashion bug unit. Although those store closures will take -- still take place next year, as a landlord it's much better to work through any store closing and lease mitigation issues with a strong retailer with whom you have a broad relationship with. And positioning is always much more manageable when you have a better inventory of real estate to work with, which brings me to our recycling activities. While our disposition levels are not necessarily headline-grabbing, I'd like to reinforce a few statistics on the recycling efforts in the past 18 months. We have sold more assets than we have bought in terms of numbers; 63 versus 42, but have acquired larger properties, and as a result, had a net addition to GLA of about 125,000 square feet. The assets bought were 93.8% occupied. The assets sold were 80.9% occupied. Average rent of property sold, $9.35; of acquired, $13.60. And while populations were roughly on par, the average household incomes of the acquired properties were almost 30% higher. Bottom line is that there has been a real impact on the portfolio base from these activities. We estimate that the properties acquired, since late 2010, now represent a bit under 6% of the U.S. shopping center gross asset value. The other piece of the recycling effort is putting money back into the strategic portfolio base. The basic profile of our shopping center portfolio is large with wide spread of risk across a variety of markets. So, too, is our investment activity. While there aren't any 9-figure, high-execution risk projects, there are a wide series projects that provide solid returns and limited risks to enhance cash flow and asset valuation. In addition to the active projects disclosed in the supplement, we have an ongoing pipeline of opportunities, either in the entitlement phase or under valuation. It represents about 15 different properties that can launch within the next 2 to 3 years with rough spend of about $250 million. They include our centers in Live Oak and Altamonte Springs in Florida, the Owings Mills project in Maryland, a potential new center in Delaware and our center in Cupertino, California directly across from the main access point of Apple's planned new corporate headquarters. And with that, I'll turn it over to Milton for some final comments.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. We have reason to be proud of our ability to withstand headwinds and improve our core metrics in a soft economy. Notwithstanding these uncertain times, we've strengthened our portfolio, we have divested non-core assets, acquired high-quality assets in tough MSAs and focused on generating higher recurring FFO and creating value. One question on everyone's mind is where is the market going from here? Four years ago, we were at the onset of a strong rally in corporate bonds. Investment grade corporate bonds yielded as high as 9.5% in October of 2008. Since then, yields have plummeted. Corporate BAA yields are below 4.8%. Real estate is, above all, an income-oriented investment, and cap rates are tied at the hip to interest rates. This is just one of the factors hinting at further cap rate compression. Lack of new development in our sector is another. The thirst for yield is in August. Just from a purely income-based perspective, real estate and REITs should be beneficiaries in the current environment. Looking at Kimco in particular, we have a conservative dividend payout ratio of 61% of recurring flows, one of the lowest in our sector. So we believe our dividend is safe and strong. I would like to add an interesting fact that some might not realize. At the end of the year, the much talked about fiscal cliff is looming, the Bush tax cuts will expire and unless some agreement is reached, the dividend tax rate will increase. Currently, ordinary dividends from a REIT are not afforded the special low tax rate of 15% enjoyed by many investors in non-REIT corporations. Ordinary dividends received from a REIT would, therefore, not be affected by the dividend tax increase. So it seems that on a relative basis, the corporations REITs could become even more attractive from an after-tax income perspective. We will continue to monetize our non-retail assets. We will continue to take advantage of unique situations, such as distressed retailers with good real estate and similar opportunities. Now every 4 years, we're just amazed at the performance of the world's best athletes competing during the Olympic Games. Looking at our business, our team of real estate athletes are trained and are prepared to achieve superior performance as well. We are back to our basic retail real estate core expertise and focusing on growing our property cash flow and creating value. Our team is doing great work in accomplishing these objectives. And now, we'd be delighted to answer any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Christy McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Given the attractive terms with what you've been able to issue your most recent preferred, would you expect to do another deal this year? And has your philosophy changed at all in terms of how you would structure your balance sheet going forward, or do you plan to sort of keep the same balance of debt and preferred?
Glenn G. Cohen: I don't see us doing another deal this year, Christy. We have taken care of what we think we can do so far. We've prefunded our debt maturities that are coming up. It's a very well-spread maturity profile. But the program of continuing to try and modestly produce leverage and bring our net debt-to-recurring EBITDA into that mid-5x range, no higher than 6, is where we want to target. So we're just going to continue on the path we've been on.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Schmidt of Bank of America.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm looking Pages 30 and 31 of the supplemental. I'm just wondering if you could comment on the negative leasing trends in Latin America as well as the shorter lease term relative to Canada and the U.S.?
David B. Henry: Well, I'll take a quick stab at Latin America. There are still some residual effects from, call it, the Great Recession in terms of local rents rolling down a little bit from some of the very high levels we had. But the sample is small. The actual number of leases you have to look at is small. And the underlying trends are strong. The retailers have resumed their expansion. We're seeing lots of demand. And what's encouraging is the small shops just like the U.S., are coming back in Mexico. So we expect over time that, that will reverse. In Canada, it's all good. Some of the -- again, we have a smaller sample up there than we do in the U.S. so I wouldn't take away any distinct trends in terms of the shorter leases up there. The demand is strong.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Craig, I would just add that, to echo Dave's point about Mexico, it is a small sample size. Mexico still has very strong positive same-store NOI because leasing in absolute terms, coupled with the annual cost-of-living adjustment on existing tenants more than outweighs some small negative leasing spread for a small sample. I'd also say that, overall, these terms are a little bit shorter. I think that reflects the changing composition of the new leases signed whereas historically there's been more anchors. Now, we're getting more small space leased up and those terms are generally smaller -- shorter. So you're going to see the average terms of lease shorten up a bit as we fill up the small spaces.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Morgan of Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You talked about the disposition market getting a little bit easier as the demand for some of the secondary market assets improves. I mean, a couple of things, would you consider accelerating your volumes of sales into strength as it grows? And then, second, what kind of cap rates are you seeing for those assets relative to the core that you're buying?
David B. Henry: I think you have seen the company accelerate its disposition activities. We are being very deliberate, and we're committed to selling these lower-tiered assets and we are heartened by the fact that the market is improving for these lower-tier assets. I think it's because so many people have tried to buy the higher quality and there's just so many bidders that they're forced to go down a notch in terms of the markets to get their -- to get retail today. So we are seeing cap rates improve a little bit even in the secondary markets, which is good. So we're committed to it. And we have accelerated it over time. And we are trying to take advantage of the decline in the market to do it. Conversely, we are trying to be very careful about what we buy and make sure it's the better stuff and we're trying to do as many off-market situations as we can. So you'll continue to see us do this recycling activity.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I think this is the first quarter you guys have broken out same store with and without the impact of FX. Can you just talk a little bit about your view of FX? How you -- given the odd situation that the dollar finally seems to be strengthening, how you think about your overseas operations? And then also, what the per-share impact is from the appreciation of the dollar?
David B. Henry: Well, I'll just take a very high level. As you probably know, in Canada, we're pretty effectively hedged between both the Canadian mortgage we have that are in Canadian dollar terms and the equity we've invested has been in the form of Canadian dollar-denominated bonds. So the investment, itself, in Canada is pretty well hedged although the income is not so. We're subject to fluctuations there. Mexico is a little different because we have very few mortgages although we do have some Mexico peso mortgages. And we have a relatively modest peso line of credit that we have used to fund some of the equity. But in Mexico, we are relying in large measure on the cost-of-living increases that are built in every single lease in Mexico. So since 40% of the income does come from strong tenants like Wal-Mart and Home Depot, we can pretty much count on that. So to the extent the peso weakens, it's generally because inflation has picked up and we do get a corresponding offset in terms of the revenues. So I think we're pretty well hedged long term.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And what about the per share impact of the appreciation of the dollar?
Glenn G. Cohen: It's fairly modest, Alex. Because to Dave's point, in Canada, we are naturally hedged so you have more interest expense as depending on which way the dollar goes, there's the income goes so they kind of offset each other. Mexico, again, has a little bit more of an impact. But on an overall basis, it's relatively modest.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeffrey Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Dave, just want to go back to your comments about the value improvement in B properties or secondary markets. Is the compression in the 10-year treasury that we've seen since the end of last quarter, do think, contributing to lenders looking to step out the yields factor and then maybe get a little more aggressive on advanced rates for those markets and that's, I guess I'd say, the ultimate catalyst there for that segment? Or do you actually think B property fundamentals are beginning look better than A property fundamentals for people?
David B. Henry: I would say both, I would say both. Clearly, there's a thirst for yield. People are just tired of sitting on cash. Real estate, especially good decent real estate, remains an inflation hedge on one hand and a cash-yielding asset that exceeds all kinds of alternatives from treasuries to corporate bonds. So real estate is increasingly in favor. Retail is one of the established food groups, if you will, for all kinds of investors. And there is a frustration in terms of a limited supply of truly high-quality retail in primary markets. So just like every other cycle, it has now moved downwards towards the B properties. It's interesting to look at a country like Canada where the cap rates are much more compressed than here in the U.S. The difference between the As and Bs and the Cs is much more compressed than here and I think you'll eventually see the U.S. move towards that same sort of situation where cap rates will begin to move more together.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And you're seeing retailer demand extend out into the B markets at this point?
David B. Henry: Yes, by necessity as there's a shrinking supply of stores that are having to take a harder look at stuff that they passed up. There are so many good national retailers that are committed to increasing their store count. And there's this critical momentum to these expansion plans that they're forced to look at all kinds of alternatives. And they want immediate occupancy. They don't want to go back in the old days of wait 3 or 4 or 5 years for a new development project to get entitled and get built and so forth. So they are taking a harder look at boxes they didn't look at before.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Rosivach of Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Leonard Rosivach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm just on your guidance detail page and it looks like the biggest piece of it that went up was the non-retail component. And I'm just curious is that related to InTown timing because the transaction is getting done later than you might have anticipated?
Glenn G. Cohen: Correct. It is, Andrew. When we came out with our original guidance, we had incorporated selling it by the end of the third quarter. So we've built in the last quarter. It's the bulk of it.
Andrew Leonard Rosivach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So and just to follow up on that, should we assume most of the full $0.04 of dilution is incrementally going to happen in '13 or is some of it going to happen this year?
David B. Henry: In terms of losing InTown, yes, you're right. Most of it will occur. We think this asset will remain effectively on our books this year because even if we started the closing process tomorrow, there are mortgages to be just assumed, and by definition, that always takes a while.
Operator: Next question comes from Nate Isbee of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Mike, as you look at the recent progress in the small shop occupancy side, is there any meaningful trends that you can point to that the small shop gains you're experiencing are stronger at centers where you recently refilled vacant boxes, or would you say that the improvement is more broad-based?
Michael V. Pappagallo: I would say it's more broad-based. Now clearly, Nate, to the extent we filled an anchor, that always has a positive effect. But I think more than anything, we've seen a lot of traction in our generally stronger geographic markets. We've also seen an increased demand as we've talked about in earlier calls from the national retailers, franchise concepts, et cetera that are filling the space. The markets for a true mom-and-pop demand is so somewhat tepid and that is also very geographic-focused. So I would sum it in saying that it's been a broad-based improvement, but clearly a bias towards the stronger geographic markets. Now, the 1% occupancy increase in the small stores, about 60 basis points of that was due to absorption and 40 basis points was due to our recycling efforts, getting rid of properties that had structural and chronic vacancies that we felt would not -- never lease up or not lease up for the foreseeable future.
Operator: The next question comes from Quentin Velleley of Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just in terms of some of the stress that we're seeing in this value supermarkets or grocers, do you think you could see opportunities emerge similar to your experience with Albertsons? And if an opportunity did emerge, would partaking in something be consistent with your current strategy?
Milton Cooper: The answer is absolutely yes on both. There will be opportunities. The conventional supermarket has strained from the warehouse clubs that are 70% food, from Wal-Mart superstores, from the specialty retailers such as Whole Foods. From all these, there is just avalanche of new users and wherever there is a retail that's distress with strong real estate, that's been our strong suit for a long time. So the answers is an unequivocal yes.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And do you think that's something more near-term or is it something that'll transpire in sort of 2 or 3 years' time?
Milton Cooper: I think there's a good possibility it would be near term.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just going back to the B class and secondary market commentaries. Are there particular secondary markets that are noticeably improving, and then are there ones that you can point to specifically?
David B. Henry: Well, let me go back to one of the questions that was asked about cap rates on these B markets. I think it's a very broad range and it depends on how secondary or tertiary the markets are. But we're seeing cap rates range from 8% to 10% on these kinds of markets. And what's interesting to me, there are markets, let's just take a Jacksonville, Florida, which are not perceived to be gateway cities or 24-hour cities or "primary markets" that a lot of the institutions would look at. But we would consider that a very solid B market and there is a bit of an arbitrage today between the cap rates on equal quality shopping center in Jacksonville versus perhaps Long Island, New York metro markets. So that would be one example. Now if you go all the way to the other end of the spectrum, to Huntsville, Alabama or something like that, that would be considered a pretty tertiary market and have not much appeal to the institutions. There may be local buyers that believe they can make something happen to that asset and create great cash flow. So as we sell our B properties, depending on the market, we're selling a lot to local investors that aren't concerned about how secondary or tertiary that market is. They like the cash flow and their local people. They believe they can make something happen with these assets.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Mueller of JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Following up on the small shop occupancy increase. When you look out over the next 12 to 18 months, what do you think the goal is, or what can you achieve in terms of ramping that up more? It sounds like it was 60 basis points this quarter. I mean, where can that go to?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Mike, I've been doing this too long to predict things 12 to 18 months out. We would like to get the occupancy up to an 85-plus percent level within the next 12 months. But a lot of things need to happen so I can't -- I really don't want to make that a prediction. I think the big part of it is where the economy goes in the short term. There has been a slowdown. That doesn't certainly mean it's going to go in reverse, but the timing and the relative demand of small shop leasing, certainly the backbone is the strength of the economy. So we'll see where that takes us.
David B. Henry: I mean the trend line is good. We feel good about the short-term trend line. We, like the rest of the world, worry about everything from Europe to the fiscal cliff and so forth, so we're very reluctant to give you a prediction. But on the ground, we are feeling good. Our leasing people are feeling good, and our regional presidents are feeling good about what's happening short term.
Operator: The next question comes from Cedrik Lachance of Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just going back to Mexico. When I look at the development schedule for Mexico or what's left pending stabilization, do you think you can reach the same levels of occupancy in these projects as you have in the rest of your portfolio, or is there anything in this project where you think that stabilization is going to be a lower number?
David B. Henry: No, I do think over time you are going to see the basket of properties we have a Mexico achieve comparable levels to the U.S. These are generally very high quality properties. Unfortunately, they were developed at the top of the cycle, if you will, and they've been a little bit slow to lease up and some of the structural items that happened in Mexico have slowed it down from an international retailer perspective. But it's all green signs for the moment, as I mentioned, in my comments. People like Home Depot have resumed strongly their expansion plans and we're seeing improvement on the small shops now. The Mexican economy is over 4% GDP growth. Unemployment is very low. Manufacturing is very strong. It's got great oil revenues. Believe it or not, tourism is still doing well there. And the election is now behind them. Every 6 years people hold their breath in Mexico and now that's behind them, so retailers are much more confident about making plans. And our leasing people in Mexico also feel very good today about some of the leases they have pending and some of the retailers that they're working with to expand. And as I mentioned before, when you're dealing with a market of 100 million-plus people and only 1,000 shopping centers versus the U.S. with 300 million-plus people and 100,000 shopping centers, it's just a different dynamic. But there's every reason to believe that, over time, the occupancy will achieve the U.S. level. And then we will see better than normal growth because of the CPI increase that's built into even the anchor leases.
Operator: The next question comes from Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to go back again to the Canadian same-store NOI. I realize that the foreign exchange had an impact, but seemed weak for the quarter even when that's taken into account, and I'm curious if the Canadian economy softening is part of that. And then also, the transactional income seem to be in Canada and I'm curious what that was.
David B. Henry: Well, let me take the latter first because it's something we're particularly proud of. It's the sales on air rights that was done in our RioCan joint venture actually 4 years ago. We just needed the cash 4 years ago and some of conditions precedent to booking that income we were able to get done this quarter. So I think it was $5 million or $6 million in term of an air right sale in Canada orchestrated by our friends at RioCan. So that was the primary driver of the transaction income in Canada, although we did, I think, we got some income on some other things and then we got Albertsons in the U.S. so -- but in terms of Canada, I think there was a little bit of other income out there as well. Honestly, it's a smaller sample in Canada, as we mentioned, but we don't see any real slowdown there particularly among the U.S. retailer demand for space in Canada. People like Marshalls and you just read about Lowe's making a major move to expand in Canada. These things are driving some good things in Canada. And as you know, it has about 1/2 the retail space per capita that the U.S. had. The economy of Canada is strong and so forth. So underlying some perhaps noise in some specific leases that might have rolled down or something like that, the underlying fundamentals of Canada are strong. I don't think we've ever been below 97% aggregate occupancy in Canada. So it's -- we still feel very good about it. We have converted a couple of preferred equity investments into long-term joint ventures and some of those projects, I think, had a little bit lower occupancy and perhaps some of the leases are a little bit less than some of the RioCan leases. But in general, we -- honestly, we don't see any clouds up there at all.
Operator: The next question comes from Samit Parikh of ISI.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Back to Mexico real quick. Fibra UNO recently did a pretty large transaction, I think it was valued at about [indiscernible]. Based on sort of what they're doing out there, does this entice you at all for an exit strategy in Mexico anytime in the near term?
David B. Henry: It certainly entices us to take a hard look at valuations in Mexico and look at possible ways to create value for our shareholders over time. The Fibra UNO transaction, as you know, is little bit complicated in terms of it's multi-property type. There was some development assets in that. So it's a little bit tougher to get a good handle on the exact net cap rate, if you will. But we're looking at it. I think that's a fair thing to say.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom [indiscernible] of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unknown Analyst: Glenn, you made some comments about where your balance sheet stands and you guys have obviously made some good progress on getting to your targeted balance sheet. Any comments about -- you guys have targeted debt-to-EBITDA. Any comments on debt plus preferred to EBITDA and how you kind of manage that part of the balance sheet?
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, again, we've had preferred, perpetual preferred as a component of our balance sheet for a long time. I think the way you we see it now is it's going to stand at around $800 million. We don't really expect to increase it much more. We've kind of used it as a somewhere at around 10% of our balance sheet, of our capital structure being in the preferred component. So we'll try and keep it around that level. The metric, though, even the net debt plus preferred to EBITDA, if you look at that metric, it has come down quite a bit as well over these last couple of years. So we do watch it in total. But we look at that metric. We look at fixed charge coverage, which continues to improve as well. And I think you're going to see much further improvement next year as we get the benefit of the refinancing of these 2 preferreds, I mean we're going to save at $11...
Unknown Analyst: EBITDA growth from the acquisitions, too, right, so yes, I definitely understand that. And any comments on obviously the 5.5% execution was very good perpetual capital. But you guys have now done 2 sets of preferreds and term loan rather than unsecured bonds. Any commentary on the relative attractiveness of those types of capital versus unsecured bonds?
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, at the time we did our term loan, our term loan was priced at the time probably 120 basis points tighter than what we could have done in the unsecured bond market, which is why we went that route. The preferred that we've done are really refinancings of much more expensive preferreds, right? We have one that's 7 3/4%, one that was at 6.55%. So we brought them down to 6% and 5 1/2%. So those are just straight refinancings that way we look at them. The unsecured bond market more recently has tightened. You've seen deals that are getting done 40, 50 and 60 basis points through their secondaries. So it's a market we constantly watch and we always try to be opportunistic. So we'll continue to watch and if it makes sense, we would tap it.
Operator: Next question comes from David Harris of Imperial Capital.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Milton, you mentioned the [indiscernible] fiscal cliff. Capital gains would go from 15 to 24 or more, plus or minus. I wonder if that's animating any of your potential sellers of property? And more generally, are you aware that fiscal cliff considerations are causing anybody to sort of hold back from signing long leases or commit to investments on -- through your joint venture programs?
Milton Cooper: No. Insofar -- first, let me take the latter part first. There are sellers who are very worried where tax rates will be next year. And they feel this is the last shot that they have at the lower capital gains, right? So how much we'll be able to get in year-end closings, I don't know. But we're certainly trying to be fast on our footwork to accomplish opportunistic purchases is one of the reasons Glenn has kept the balance sheet so strong. Insofar as the retailers are concerned, I don't think -- they must expand. Just imagine retailers depend on people working in the stores and those people are the ones who deal with their customers and if the retailer is stagnant, it's going to lose its best people. You wouldn't want a sister or a relative to be working in the store where there'll be no opportunity to become an assistant manager as they grow stores managers. So if retailers do not expand, they -- it's a self-fulfilling prophecy about losing good people. So I don't see the capital gains or the tax issues as an inhibition on moving forward with new stores.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Any comments on investors' inability to underwrite after-tax returns?
Milton Cooper: I happen to believe, over time, tax returns are a factor, but people still want to have yield. I remember when there was an excess profit tax and taxes were as much as 90%, people still want to invest to get the other 10%. They will look at relative opportunities. And with yields as anemic as they are, real estate and cap rates have a very large spread, historically high spread between 10-year treasuries and cap rates. So I think the demand will increase.
Operator: The next question comes from Christy McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: One of the most common themes we hear in support of continuing strength and fundamental trends is lack of new supply growth. But as you mentioned earlier, Kimco's starting to pick up redevelopment and development activity as are most of your peers on the margin. I'm wondering at one point the increase in construction sort of extends beyond the REITs who again seems to be doing it at a relatively judicious pace, but at what point could it sort of accelerate from there given that there's free yields that's out there and the fundamental strengthening that we've seen? And the second part of that question is what are you and your peers sort of doing differently this time around, if anything, to try to avoid some of the oversupply issues in certain types of space that we faced a few years ago, whether it's at the project level or investing where certain criteria are met?
David B. Henry: First of all, there's just a huge difference between expanding an existing shopping center or building out some land that you already have in your inventory versus, call it, the prerecession days when people would buy 100 acres of land and spend the next 5 to 10 years getting it zoned and then titled and fighting off the environmentalists and then working with major anchor tenants to do pre-leasing and then arranging for construction financing and equity financing and so forth. The retailers do not have the patience for that anymore. A lot of them got caught up in bankruptcies and half completed development deals. Secondly, the economics are tough. Rents haven't recovered enough to really justify a significant amount of new construction. On an incremental basis, where you already own the land, where you already own the center, it's much easier to make the numbers work. So you will see the redevelopment activity pick up a little bit, but it's nowhere close to the addition to supply that we saw in the old days, if you will. And it's going to keep demand higher than addition to supply, I think, for quite a while. Now it's hard to say at all it won't come back at some point, and I'm sure it will, because everything's is cyclical. But the old days of buying these big sites and adding millions of square feet to new supply, which by the way, was somewhat dependent upon growing housing and we're probably a long way away from the growth in housing or "rooftops" again to justify all that. So I think you're going to see limited supply for quite a while.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeffrey Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on the portfolio leasing detail that's on, I think, it's Page 25 and 26 of the supplemental. The square footages decline across your 8 investment management portfolios over the last several quarters and as you sold off assets, the in-place average space rent has also declined as well. I think in the most recent quarter, it's something like 6 or 8 of the portfolios were flat or down Q2 versus Q1. I know there may be a lot going on beneath the surface, but is that decline in average rent just is a function of rents rolling down the market over the last several quarters, or could it stem from selling off the higher rent, higher-quality assets in those portfolios?
David B. Henry: Well, we'll give you one great example. We bought out our partner on Towson Place. This was a very high quality asset with very, very high rents and so forth so we've taken that out of the investment management business, if you will, and it's on balance sheet. We haven't sold it off at all. So I think there are situations where we have bought out our partners on the very high-quality stuff. But I don't think anything dramatically different is going on in the investment management portfolio than our general portfolio. And in general, many of these joint ventures have very high quality properties and so perhaps you do have some top of the market rents that rolled down a bit. But we're very happy, generally, with the quality of what we have in the investment management business.
Michael V. Pappagallo: And Jeff, I think the tagline is that the investment management program in terms of -- have been relatively stable in terms of their composition with some movement out like the Towson example and the rents have moved a little, the average rents, but not something which would detect a fundamental shift in the underlying quality or composition of the portfolio. In one particular portfolio where there was a little bit more meaningful shift down in the average rent, it did have to do, to Dave's point, with particularly roll down as that portfolio has a concentration of properties in the Las Vegas and Reno markets.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And I recognize this is a very small part of the company, but you have a pretty small total hold in countries like Peru and Brazil and even arguably Chile. And those markets aren't necessarily as deep as the U.S. either, but how do you guys think about the benefit or operating in those -- operating those properties versus the cost of operating in those countries and your ability to grow your platform over time because it's been quite some time that you've really had pretty steady base in those markets.
David B. Henry: Well, you're right. We have less than 20 total properties in 3 countries at all. What we have has been successful. In Chile, in particular, where we have, I think, 15 properties they've been very successful for us; Peru, we have 2; and Brazil, we have 2. So it's a foothold. It's been a place cardholder coming out of the recession, if you will, as we concentrated on Mexico. I think the challenge for us from our shareholders, from our board, from Milton is prove the case in Mexico. Get what you have in Mexico leased up, have it produce wonderful FFO earnings, and if that indeed happens, then perhaps we can expand what we have already -- the seeds we have planted in South America. But it's fair to say our focus and our concentration today is on Mexico and making that a very profitable part of the total portfolio that we have.
Operator: The next question comes from Quentin Velleley of Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's actually Michael Bilerman speaking. I just want to come back just in terms of sort of the portfolio acquisitions and dispositions and tie it a little bit to Milton's comment about investors' thirst for yield being enormous. And it would appear as though if you look at the transaction activity, especially more recently, that more is being done with Kimco's own capital on balance sheet rather than with joint venture partners. And I'm just curious if investors have this enormous thirst for yield, why aren't you using that capital more in terms of the existing investors that you have or seeking new investors for funds versus potentially levering up a little bit and taking more assets on balance sheet relative to the assets that you're selling.
David B. Henry: Well, first of all, we have had the balance sheet capacity to buy for our own account, if you will. So as we have found good high-quality acquisition, we have put them on our books. And as we have sold assets, both nonstrategic retail asset and our non-core asset, we've had capital coming into the shop, if you will. So rather than needing institutional capital, we've been able to use our own capital. That is not to say, over time, we will go back to some of our very valued partners and help us acquire a very competitively priced asset because to Milton's point, as cap rates continue to decline, we may need to tap the pension funds and the life company to be competitive because some of those cap rates are getting very, very low. But for now, you are right. We are buying more on our own balance sheet than needing institutional capital.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And maybe Mike, can you just clarify. You talked about all the acquisitions relative to dispositions in your opening comments and you gave us some of the stats about base rents and occupancy and trade areas. Can you just comment on what the cap rate that you bought, the $900 million, and the cap rate that you sold, $360 million, just so we get a sense of spread and...
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes, I think, Michael, the rough number averages out to about 6.9% cap rate on the acquisition and 9% on the disposition. I think those are good numbers to use for your financial analysis. And the one comment I'd make on the dispositions. We've talked a lot in this conference call about B properties, I would submit that many of the assets we sold in this first rush would qualify as C properties. So it's very different type of asset and even in good -- Milton's saying they're even D properties. So put that in perspective as I give you those cap rates.
David B. Henry: And before you compute the math on the dilution, Michael, remember some of the non-retail assets that we have sold, some of our urban properties, as an example, were totally nonearning so we sold them at effectively 0 cap rate and that capital comes back into the equation, if you will.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. I don't think it's even in the 365. I think you've sold more than that as you liquidated like the Valad stake and everything else, that you've netted more proceeds from your disposition program.
Michael V. Pappagallo: That is correct. And again, the statistics I've given you reflect the sum total of the activity, which goes back to September of 2010 as we've got the more recent transactions, obviously the cap rates have trended lower, versus those that we acquired late in 2010. Again, just a reflection of the marketplace, but it does average out to the numbers I provided to you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Harris of Imperial Capital.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: Sorry, if I missed this, but your cash leasing spreads in the quarter were up 4.5% compares to a 10% spread in first quarter. Is that just a mix question?
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes. It just reflects back in the first quarter, we had an unduly large 40% new leasing spread driven by the Target taking over an old Kmart lease in Staten Island, New York, so that obviously averages way up in that first quarter.
David Harris - Imperial Capital, LLC, Research Division: So 4.5% is more your run rate number?
Glenn G. Cohen: As we've generally talked about, a mid-single digit leasing spread in this environment to be a good run rate absent any more significant macro issues. There'll be pluses and minuses every quarter as there always are, but trend lines, I think, second quarter reflects where we are as a portfolio.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And any comment on CapEx, leasing CapEx, is that sort of pretty much running at similar?
Glenn G. Cohen: It remains relatively consistent actually this year on -- slightly lower than the first half of last year, but again it was nothing that implies any structural shift in dealmaking.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Bujnicki for any closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Andrew, and to everybody that participated on our call today. As a final remember, our supplemental is posted through our website at kimcorealty.com. Thanks, so much.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications and Corporate Vice President David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer and Member of Executive Committee Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Michael V. Pappagallo - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Kimco's First Quarter Earnings Call 2012. Please be aware, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker for today, Dave Bujnicki. Please proceed, Mr. Bujnicki.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Vicky. Thank you all for joining Kimco's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning is Milton Cooper, our Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management's hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future, which are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors to better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. With that, I now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning, and thanks for calling in today. We are very happy with our first quarter results, and we believe that they represent continued progress on our strategic goals and objectives. Key items are highlighted in our earnings release, but I would like to provide a general high-level economical review, together with updated information on our disposition activities. The shopping center industry as a whole and in our own portfolio continues to show solid signs of improvement. The latest RBC research report on retailer expansion activity shows a slight increase in store opening plans, with more than 70,000 new stores expected to open over the next 24 months. It is fascinating to note that 2000 dollar stores alone are expected to open in the next 12 months. The restaurant industry is also showing renewed health, with major store expansion plans planned for Subway, Five Guys, Quiznos and many others. At the risk of repeating some of our earnings call highlights, I would like to emphasize our very strong first quarter operating and leasing metrics, including same-site NOI growth of 2.9%, representing 8 straight consecutive quarters of positive increases; new leasing spreads of 39.8%; and renewal on optional leasing spreads of 4.2%. In general, the benefits of positive GDP growth, virtually no new retail construction and an increasing population are more than offsetting growing e-commerce sales and struggling local stores in certain geographic areas. In most markets, effective rents are increasing, and our retail portfolio vital signs continue to improve. We are focused, and we are making great progress on the key elements of our business strategy, selling our non-strategic shopping centers, reducing our non-retail investments, leasing up our Latin American development properties, selectively acquiring high-quality retail properties and strengthening our balance sheet. Our timing on our new preferred stock issue was great. Thank you, Glenn. Specifically, with respect to our non-retail portfolio, another $28 million of investments were sold in the first quarter. From $1.2 billion in early 2009, we are now at $485 million as of March 31, representing 4.2% of total assets. The largest single non-retail asset remains our InTown Suites portfolio. And as an update, we are now in the second round of a formal auction marketing process with 3 well-qualified potential purchasers, performing additional due diligence, property inspections and management interviews. We remain cautiously optimistic that we will be able to conclude negotiations favorably with 1 of the 3 potential buyers in the near future. At the property level, InTown continues to perform very well, with RevPAR and other financial metrics increasing substantially. I would also like to emphasize the strong success of our recycling initiatives. Since our Investor Day in September 2010, Kimco has sold 53 non-strategic retail properties while acquiring 37 high-quality shopping centers, almost all located in our long-term core markets. For example, in our home market of Long Island, we acquired last year Independence Plaza, a 245,000 square foot center anchored by Home Depot and a large King Kullen grocery store. As another example, we recently purchased our institutional partner's interest in Towson Place, a 680,000 square foot landmark asset located in suburban Baltimore and anchored by Target, Wal-mart, T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, Bed Bath & Beyond and of Weis Market. Quarter by quarter, our portfolio is improving and being upgraded significantly as we concentrate and focus on superior properties in markets where we have scale, physical presence, retailer relationships and strong demographics. Internationally, our Canadian portfolio is maintaining its very high occupancy and excellent leasing metrics. We were pleased to add an attractive 110,000 square foot grocery-anchored shopping center in Ottawa to our portfolio during the first quarter. And yesterday, we acquired a 140,000 square foot grocery-anchored shopping center in Edmonton, the capital city of Alberta, Canada. The anchored tenant is Sobeys, Canada's second largest food retailer with 1,300 locations.  In Mexico, the country's GDP is healthy with a run rate of 3.5% to 4%, and our development properties continue to achieve our lease-up targets. We hope to be at 90% overall by year end. Our largest South American project, Viña del Mar in Chile, is now 95% leased, only 3 months after completion, with tenant sales above expectations. The project is very attractive, and I encourage everyone on the call to visit Chile and our project if you contemplate a South American trip. As we move into May, we are very happy with our results. We are confident that 2012 will be a good year for Kimco and that we will have success in growing our FFO, improving the profile of our shopping center portfolio and maintaining our very strong balance sheet. We are proud to be one of only 11 REITs rated BBB+ or better. Now I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details of our first quarter, to be followed by Mike and Milton. It is interesting to me to note that the 4 of us have now been doing these calls together for 11 years.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. 2012 is off to a very solid start with positive same-site and a wide growth, strong leasing spreads and further improvement in balance sheet metrics with a strong liquidity position. We were productive in all aspects of our strategy from leasing to non-strategic shopping center sales to further monetization of non-retail assets. In addition, we opportunistically tapped the capital markets and sourced select acquisitions. Let me provide some additional color. Beginning this quarter, we will use the term FFO as adjusted to represent recurring FFO, as we will be including headline FFO and FFO as adjusted in our SEC filings. FFO as adjusted was $0.31 per diluted share for the first quarter as compared to $0.30 last year. FFO as adjusted excludes $7.4 million of transaction income related primarily to preferred equity and other promotes received during the quarter and $7 million of acquisition transaction costs and severance-related expenses. Our headline FFO was also $0.31 compared to $0.30 last year. The improved performance results from the increased recurring retail contribution provided at the operating property level. Now while not included in either FFO number, we had gains on sales totaling almost $20 million and impairments of about $10 million from the sale of 13 non-strategic shopping centers and 2 joint venture operating properties, providing total proceeds as of $110 million. The shopping center portfolio metrics continue to exhibit improving performance, with U.S. same-site NOI growth of 2.8% for the eighth consecutive positive quarter and the highest growth rate in 4 years. The combined same-site NOI growth, which includes Canada and Latin America, was 3.6% before currency impact. This metric was negatively impacted by 70 basis points due to currency, bringing the combined same-site NOI growth of 2.9%. Leasing spreads including new leases, renewals and options were up 10%. And gross occupancy came in at 93.1%, up 30 basis points from a year ago. We continue to chip away at the non-retail investments, monetizing another $28 million this quarter, bringing the remaining balance to under $485 million. We expect to bring the non-retail investment balance down under $300 million by the end of the year, representing less than 3% of gross assets. We redeployed the proceeds from the non-retail and non-strategic asset sales by acquiring 4 U.S. shopping center assets in our target markets, a series of parcels net leased to restaurant operators and 1 shopping center asset in Canada for a total of $190 million, including debt assumption of $59 million. During the quarter, we opportunistically tapped the perpetual preferred market, issuing $400 million at a 6% coupon, representing one of the lowest coupons in the REIT industry. We intend to use the proceeds to redeem our 7.75% perpetual preferred when it becomes callable on October later this year.  In addition, subsequent to quarter end, we've closed on a new $400 million unsecured term loan priced at LIBOR plus 105. This facility has initial term of 2 years, and we have 3 1-year extension options at our election, effectively giving us 5 years of term. The proceeds from this term loan will be used to repay upcoming bond and mortgage maturities in the next 9 months, with interest rates ranging in the 6% range. The negative impact of these pre-fundings will be approximately $0.03 for 2012. Our balance sheet metrics continue to strengthen with net debt to EBITDA as adjusted, now at 5.4x, and a solid fixed charge coverage of 2.6x. We're ahead of schedule on our capital plan, and our liquidity position is in great shape with over $2 billion of immediate liquidity available. Thus, barring a major transaction, a trip to the capital markets is not needed in the near term. With regard to guidance, we are very pleased to reaffirm our FFO as adjusted guidance range of $1.22 to $1.26 per diluted share, even with absorbing the $0.03 of dilution associated with the early funding of the perpetual preferred issuance and the term loan. The FFO per share guidance does not include transaction income or expenses or non-cash charges for the redemption of preferred stock. Our guidance assumptions do include combined same-site NOI growth expected at 1.5% to 3.5%, increasing combined portfolio occupancy of 50 to 100 basis points and a decrease in the non-retail contribution due to the continued monetization of these assets. And now I'll turn it over to Mike for his report on the shopping center portfolio.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Thanks, Glenn. 2012 has kicked off with some pretty good momentum with respect to portfolio health and performance. Compared to last year's first quarter, the total gross occupancy was up 30 basis points, and the U.S. gross occupancy up 50 basis points. And that reflects both an increase in net absorption and the positive effect of the disposition activity. There was a modest decline in occupancy from the fourth quarter of 2011, but this is actually a good news story. The driver of the decline was 100,000 square feet of space taken back from the Syms bankruptcy, which affected locations at Manhasset in Long Island and Kendale Lakes in Miami. And we expect to re-lease both of these boxes by the end of the year at lease rates much better than the Syms' rents. Also encouraging is the gross occupancy of space less than 10,000 square feet, which actually held steady at 83% from the fourth quarter. There was positive impact from the sales of the properties. Even on a net absorption basis, the negative for these smaller spaces was less than 100,000 square feet, which is the smallest post-holiday season net decline that is prior to the recession. This comes on the heels of a full year 2011 which actually ended with a slight positive in net absorption over that 12-month period. As we have discussed in prior calls, addressing small space vacancies remains a key objective of the operating team. You probably have seen the recent announcement of a program in California to support new business and entrepreneurs, as well as our FastTrack franchising concept. We're also exploring mobile and other technologies that could help drive traffic to our centers and provide added value to our tenants and to shoppers who visit the centers. We made strong inroads this past year in using social media to elevate awareness of the Kimco brand and to communicate with potential and current tenants in the industry in general. Back to the operating metrics. The leasing spreads continue to be a good story. And for this quarter, the new leasing spreads look off the charts due to the impact of a leased signed with Target at a property in Staten Island. Even without this lease, new deal spreads were positive 9.2%. As for renewals and options, the spreads were a positive 4.2%. For this latter metric, we've continued to show steady progress over the past 5 quarters, and I believe underscores the fact that we're working through a good part of the necessary mark-to-market on rental rates signed at the top of the market about 5 years ago. Now to velocity, again it was encouraged by the rate of activity. After trending slow for much of January and February, we ended the quarter with 523 deals for almost 5.5 million square feet. This compares to 459 deals in the first quarter of 2011 for 3.7 million square feet. These numbers are gross square footage, not pro rata as reported in the release. You probably heard enough times over the past 1.5 year, we continue to see good demand from the stronger players in most categories, primarily from box retailers and also for certain grocery chains such as Whole Foods and many of the food and personal service-type franchise concepts. You also heard the U.S. and composite same-site NOI numbers. The 2 biggest drivers in the U.S. number were the positive effect on recoveries due to significantly less snowfall in 2012 than 2011, particularly in the Northeast, as well as the combined effect of higher rents and improved credit experience. Also recognize that the first quarter this year was impacted by the Borders vacancies as most of the new deals signed are not lowering rents yet. The result would have been better by about 50 basis points. As we reported earlier this month, 2 of the 50 stores announced by Best Buy Foreclosure was Kimco locations, one of which we own in full and one in a joint venture that has quite a bit of term left on the lease. We continue to work with Best Buy to assist in downsizing efforts, with 3 locations in Missouri and Texas at or near execution with new tenants signed up for the 10,000 square feet taken back. In Canada, the retail focus remains on target, particularly as we are getting close to the time many seller stores will close throughout the 9 months to prepare for the store conversion. While we expect some drop in foot traffic in the short term, we eagerly anticipate the increased draw once the Target stores open at 9 of our centers in 2013. We were pleased to increase our Canadian investment position over the quarter, not only through the acquisitions of the grocery-anchored center in Ottawa that Dave mentioned, but we also increased our ownership position in 2 existing properties jointly owned with our partner, Anthem Properties. From an operational perspective, the results remain wonderfully boring, with high occupancies, double-digit leasing spreads and a 4.6% same-store NOI, even with the negative effect of exchange rates in the period. Mexico is on plan. We picked up 90 basis points in composite occupancy since December, including the properties not yet stabilized, up to 85.3%. Overall, NOI growth on a local currency basis grew about 11%. But this time through, we were knocked around by a weaker peso, which was down about 10% from the comparable first quarter of 2011. From a leasing-production perspective, the pickup in activity appears sustainable, which reflects the positive economic pace in the country. Leasing velocity is expected to accelerate throughout the rest of the year with numerous package deals in discussion for junior box users, in addition to advance negotiations on 250,000 square feet with the department stores in Liverpool and Palacio de Hierro. With that, I'll turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. When I reflect on our results, the word that comes to my mind is quality. Quality in our portfolio and quality in our people. Permit me to comment on my definition of quality for our portfolio. Quality depends on a safe, growing cash flow from tenancies and a growing residual value. We continue to monitor our portfolio for that metric. And when we perceive risk, we move with dispatch to sell that property. Quality does not necessarily equate to higher rate rents. For a long time, we have trumpeted the inherent value in having low contract grids [ph] that are substantially below market. We have had the evidence this quarter of the reality that value can be embedded in long-term, below-market leases. For years, we have had a net effective annual rent of less than $100,000 per annum on a 100,000 square foot store in Staten Island. A new ground lease has become effective for the same facility to a large national retailer at an annual rental of $2 million a year. I think you get our point. Now permit me to list 4 items to add some additional color on our portfolio and on our business. One, 10% of all of our rents are derived from properties in the New York metropolitan area, which has large barriers to entry and relatively low retail per square foot capita and high disposable income per capita. Over the next 10 years, it is anticipated that New York metropolitan area will grow by an additional million people. Two, we have just over 750 spaces in which we own the land and we had tenants who have expended all of the funds to build buildings, complete the cyclic lighting, et cetera. I'm referring to our ground leases. These ground leases, for the most part, have escalations in rent. It's a wonderful, safe quality investment despite rents being low when compared to store leases. Three, we are uniquely equipped because of decades of experience with express retailers with good real estate to create profitable opportunities. Some examples have been Hechinger, Ames, Montgomery Ward, Strawbridge & Clothier, Venture Stores, Gold Circle, Frank's Nursery, Service Merchandise and others. Four, our size and national presence makes us unique and allows us to pursue opportunities when they arise. Now as Mike alluded in his remarks earlier, we recently launched the KEYS program in California, an innovative incubator program for aspiring entrepreneurs seeking to link -- launch their first retail venture. Kimco will work with entrepreneurs on the initial planning concepts, selecting locations, obtaining permits from the city and advise them on the different stages of building a business. Kimco has formed alliances with colleges, universities and business organizations that will provide -- support the future business owner before, during and after the start of the process. I just love this initiative. Now we are mindful of the risk that the Internet poses to bricks and mortar. We monitor the category of retailers that are most vulnerable, electronic stores, bookstores, et cetera. We focus on those tenants that are relatively immune from e-commerce competition. That category are restaurants, service businesses, warehouse clubs, supermarkets, medical facilities and fitness centers. There's also quality in our people, our off-balance sheet asset. In addition to my partners Dave, Mike and Glenn, we have energetic regional presidents. Conor Flynn in the West, Bob Nadler in the Midwest, Paul Puma in the Southeast and Tom Simmons in the mid-Atlantic and Northeast divisions. Each of them has experience, passion and entrepreneurial flow in what they do. There is a support team of dedicated staff who make all of us proud. We got our own special creation and we do not follow the fads at the time. We have a talented team that can seize opportunities, and we have liquidity of over $2 billion and will provide the capital available for our team to seize the opportunities. We own quality real estate, and we have an opportunistic vent that has and should over time exceed the expectations of our constituencies. So with that, we're delighted to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from R.J. Milligan with Raymond James.
R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the leasing spreads in terms of is there a specific geography or types of tenants where it's easier to push rents? Or ones that are more sticky?
Michael V. Pappagallo: R.J., I'll take that one. I wouldn't say that there is any one specific geography or type of tenant that we experienced this year. What we saw was a continuation of a general pattern over the past 12 to 15 months, where most of the positive spreads were coming from the big box and junior box positions. On the smaller stores, it's been somewhat of a push, with roughly an equal number of new leases that are positive versus negative. And when you get into the smaller stores arena, the differences can still be seen in certain of the tougher markets in Florida and in California and in Arizona. Again, reflecting the fact that at the height of the market, those were the ones that had the highest rents. And more, the barriers to entry markets in the New York metropolitan area, the D.C. market and certain pockets in South Florida, we're finding the strongest activity. But again, that's in the smaller spaces.
R.J. Milligan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And can you give us an update or a little bit more detail on the InTown Suites portfolio sale, how the hotels are doing on a performance metrics?
David B. Henry: The performance metrics are really excellent, and we're very, very pleased with what's going on there. Year-over-year, the numbers are up substantially. The hotel business is measured in what they call RevPAR. So those metrics are looking very, very good. In fact, this morning, I just got April's results. Year-to-date occupancy, average room rate, RevPAR are all up consecutively. 2.2%, 5%, 7.3%, all respectively. So we're very happy with what's going on at the property level. And as I mentioned, in terms of the sale process, we're into a second round now with 3 qualified buyers doing more extensive due diligence and spending their own money to pursue this transaction. So we're cautiously optimistic. It's been a long road, but you have to understand we're selling a company here. It's not just a number of hotel properties. It's an entire organization and company headquartered in Atlanta. So there's complexities when you're selling a company an additional real estate.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Christy McElroy with UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Mike, I'm wondering if you can comment on where you're seeing acquisition cap rates versus the non-core retail dispositions, what the spreads have been between grocery and centers and power centers? And given that market cap rate compression has continued for the good-quality, well-located assets that you would want to buy, are you increasingly talking to any JV partners without buying interest and properties? I know you've done some of that.
Michael V. Pappagallo: I'll touch upon the acquisition versus the disposition cap rate. As we and others have said, that there continues to be downward pressure on cap rates for the highest quality properties. The preponderance of what we've acquired over the past 15 months has been a grocery anchored bend for -- at least for a significant food component. And most of those assets are going off in -- anywhere from the low 6s to the 7 cap rate range. And the reason why that range is pretty wide is that we have very much focused on negotiated transactions, and we think we've gotten a little bit of a benefit, so to speak, in terms of the going-in cap rate. This contrast and compares within disposition program, as we've said, the lesser quality assets that really [indiscernible] matter, these dispositions are averaging in the 9-ish handle, in terms of exit cap rate. So those are the differences in terms of what we've seen. And there continues to be an increasing amount of interest across the spectrum, but in particularly with the higher quality properties and the better markets, a lot of demand, and it's not -- it's reasonable to expect those cap rates to continue to remain low or get lower. Dave, you might want to comment on the joint venture side of the equation.
David B. Henry: Institutions of all shapes and sizes continue to come in -- come back into the real estate market. Pension funds, life insurance companies, sovereign wealth, so forth. They see real estate as hard assets, inflation hedge and good cash yielding compared to alternative investments these days. So we continue to see lots of institutional investor interest in working with us to acquire some of these properties that are very high priced. And for us, when we look at these acquisitions, we do look at them in 2 respects. One is if we do it ourselves, and secondly, if we use an institutional partner to enhance our yield.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Michael Bilerman with Quentin. I don't know who wants to take this, maybe Dave. Can you spend some time just talking about this net lease restaurant portfolio you bought? Just the tenants, the credit, the locations, what real opportunity there is? Is this just sort of flat sort of leases? Or is there a certain redevelopment play? Are they master leased? What sort of yield did you go in at? And then maybe just step back and just talk about the bigger picture of how this sort of fits into your -- it's really been very successful in terms of refocusing the company, as well as investors and analysts on the core shopping center business and in terms of disposing a lot of, what I'd say, non-retail, but single-site assets. Is it really worth it to buy 63 individual net leased restaurants and devote capital and energy to it relative to the shopping center business?
David B. Henry: Sure. I think there's lots of questions embedded in there. But let me start at the very highest level. As you know, Michael, we have hundreds and hundreds of restaurant leases of all shapes and sizes in our portfolio, both ground leases where the restaurants have been built on our net lease sites and store leases. As a general category, restaurants are doing very well these days as more and more people eat out. And they're also relatively immune to the threat of Internet and e-commerce. So we like it as a tenant category. In this particular case, we were able to purchase on a negotiated basis and what we think is a very opportunistic basis, these 63 net leases from a financial institution that wanted to sell them. The cap rate was just under 9%, and it's very high-quality restaurant portfolio. We have, as you know, with 50 years of experience in underwriting these types of tenants, that we were able to look carefully at the real estate and be very comfortable with what's going on in this portfolio of restaurants. So we don't see this as a huge program. But as you know, we've always had an opportunistic culture. And we look at opportunities as they come up. It is retail real estate. It's a -- we can underwrite it. Many of these properties are in shopping centers. They're no different than the out parcels we already have that are leased to restaurants. So it fits very nicely with what we have. These leases, in many cases, have nice escalators built into these net leases. And from a time and management standpoint, net leases are always a lot simpler. You're collecting checks monthly, and the tenants worry about almost all of the needs, including capital needs of the property. So we like the business in general. We like the category. Please don't look at this as a whole new transformation of the company because it's not. It's just one individual opportunistic investment that we made at an accretive cap rate.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Well, can you share a little bit more details on -- I mean, how many different tenants? Is it 1 tenant? Are they master leased -- I understand the restaurant business has been relatively stable. But you have a lot of bankruptcies going back through the recession, whether it be Friendly's, Real Mex, Fuddruckers, Applebee's, iHop, I mean, there's a laundry list of restaurants that sort of went bankrupt over the last few years.
David B. Henry: Sure, I'd be happy to give you more color. And remember, we carefully underwrote this package. And I will make the point that we started with far more than 63. We whittled it down to the 63 that we felt were the best 63 of this very large portfolio we had an opportunity to take a look at. They're located in 24 different states, great spread of risk, 20 different brands. 61% of the rent comes from corporate owners, the franchisor, if you will, whereas 39% comes from franchisees. So there's a spread there. The cap rate, as I mentioned, is just under 9% and an 8.8%. The average price we paid is $1.1 million. 36% of the revenue comes from shopping center pad sites, as I mentioned, out parcels. 32% of the revenue comes from very high traffic, interstate locations, where you get off an exit for instance and you have a Wendy's or something like that. The largest tenant with 12 locations is Wendy's, followed closely by Burger King with 9 locations. The biggest geographic concentration is Texas with 17 locations. We like Texas long-term a lot, the demographics and so forth. So hopefully, that gives you a little flavor. The average rent per location is about $102,000.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Ross Nussbaum with UBS.
Ross T. Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Dave, I hate to even ask this question, but I'm wondering if you have any comments on the Wal-Mart allegations down in Mexico, and if Kimco had conducted any reviews. Maybe not so much of your local Mexico employees, maybe my concern is more toward JV partners, to make sure that they're operating to the same high ethical standards that Kimco has always operated towards.
David B. Henry: Yes. We -- obviously, we anticipated this question. So permit me to be very, very specific in a response. I'd like to make the following points. One, the extent of what we know about the Wal-Mart actions is what we read in the New York Times article, the same way you did. We are not aware of any Wal-Mart improprieties with respect to any of our Mexican properties or any of our Mexican operating partners. The acquisitions and development of the Wal-Mart projects in our portfolio occurred in 2005 or later. And this is the year after the activities that were described in the article occurred. With respect to all of our Wal-Mart projects, the developer obtained the building permit, not Wal-Mart. We employ a third-party consultant to oversee the construction process. This is a construction manager, in many cases, right on site that reviews and approves every payment we make on these development projects. We also have our own Kimco employees, provide asset management and oversee the project construction and approve the individual payments. As part of our normal operating procedures, all of our local Mexican development partners execute letters certifying to us they are not aware of any kind of improper payments. We have a very comprehensive FCPA policy, Foreign Corrupt Practices Act policy at Kimco that includes extensive training for all of our employees that are directly or indirectly involved with any international projects. The training includes members of senior management, and our board, are taken through this training on an annual basis. And now I just have to zoom up to the highest level. From the very beginning, when we went to both Canada and Mexico and then South America, we really have tried to set the right tone, because we've always emphasized that we're a public company and, as a public company, we adhere to the highest ethical standards, and we expect that all of our local operating partners to also meet those standards. So that gives you the highest level of flavor I can give you at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we'll hear from Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question for you, Dave. Urban retail, street retail, has gotten a lot of press, and it's gotten kind of hot. There's other landlords that are interested. You guys have some that I know you've been selling down. But I'm curious, do you continue to sell that down? Do you maybe turn around and try to identify some of your own acquisitions in street retail that might be interesting?
David B. Henry: Well, you really have to differentiate when you say that. We continue to be in some very urban locations with our typical property type. And we like that, and we plan to stick with it. What we have been selling down are generally these mixed-use development properties that we acquired several years ago in Philadelphia, New York, a couple in Boston and a couple in Chicago. These generally were the first story to be retail, but second, third, fourth, fifth story to be either apartments or office or another property type. And we just really didn't have the expertise or the right partner to develop these properties out. It's not our core expertise. So street retail in and of itself remain something we would be happy to look at in markets that are our core markets. But in terms of significant mixed-use development activities, where we're putting office or residential on top of retail, that's just not what we're about, and that's what we've been selling.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On the -- just the kind of core -- your guidance for the year is 1.5% to 3% for same-store NOI. You're pretty constructive, it sounds like, in terms of what you're seeing in leasing and in the momentum at least for small shops. You reported 2.9 in the first quarter. I mean, is there any reason to keep you cautious that, that low end is still realistic? Or I mean, based on the trends that you reflected from the first 4 or 5 months of the year, do you think the high end is sort of a more reasonable target, both in terms of occupancy, but especially in kind of the same-store NOI number?
David B. Henry: Well, I would make a very general comment. Like everybody else, it's an uncertain environment today. We're cautiously optimistic that the economy will continue its recovery. But it's certainly -- it's very soft and very fragile, and there are some items out there in the world that make us want to be conservative as we project that.
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes. Also, I would add -- just take a look at the first quarter. I mean, currency definitely has an impact, especially as we continue leasing up in Mexico and the other countries that we're in. We had a 70 basis point negative impact. Without that, we would have been 3.6. So the reason we had that range, and it's wide at 1.5 to 3.5, is we just can't predict currency. So it is clearly a part of it.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So it sounds like more macro or foreign exchange that's driving kind of the range rather than -- if it were just based on kind of what you're seeing on the ground from a core perspective, it would be narrower and higher.
David B. Henry: I think that's fair. We are pleased with what we're seeing on the ground today.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just had a question on the volumes, very strong renewal volumes this quarter. Just wondering if you'd tell us what the retention ratio was there and whether or not you think that can hold for the rest of the year? And then on new leasing volumes, it looks like on a trailing 12, you had about 3.5 million square feet. I just want to know if that's how you're thinking about it for this year or if that goes up relative to the last 12 months?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes. With this year, on the renewal aside, Vince, I think it's about a 90% retention rate. And we've had -- there was a significant amount of lease ends that we were able to renew. And I think that in effect reflects on a macro level some of the availability of other locations or lack of availability for certain locations for existing tenants to prospectively move. So there was a lot of volume and a very, very high retention rate. And that has been higher than what we've seen historically. So that -- I think that's the good news in the equation. And as for the full year, volume to 3.5 or so that you mentioned. That's probably a rough order -- a rough order adjust is the right number. That is based on our leasing plan for 2012.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Cedrik Lachance from Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Given the appetite from joint venture capital or institutional capital at this point, is selling a stake into some of the properties you currently wholly own in order to form a joint venture and harvest the income, is that a possibility at this point for you?
David B. Henry: I'm sorry, I missed part of that.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So given the appetite from institutional sources, have you contemplated a packaging, a number of wholly owned property that you currently own and put that into joint venture in order to derive fee income and in order to enhance your joint venture partnership program?
David B. Henry: Yes. I mean, I think you've seen today, matter fact, RioCan announced a new joint venture with Kimco, where we sold them an 80% interest in one of our original merchant development projects in Texas. So that's an example of continued activity we have in the joint venture program. And yes, we are selectively looking at opportunities to expand joint ventures and feed those joint ventures with some of our existing assets. But in general, institutional partners want to go side-by-side with you on new acquisitions. So that's generally where the institutional appetite is. But as I mentioned in the very beginning, we look at acquisitions, and that includes our old portfolio selectively. And we look at opportunities as we talk to these institutions to have the right mix of institutional partners and our own capital being put to work. We have had the benefit of having capital to put to work as we sell our non-strategic assets and our not-retail properties. That's given us some capital that we can redeploy and purchase some -- 100% wholly owned, excellent quality assets for the long term.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Nathan Isbee with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Mike, just focusing on the leasing spreads. Even without the Staten Island lease, they were still up double digits. Were there any other specific leases that were driving that? Or was that pretty strong across the board?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes. Without, Nate, it was 9% positive. And there wasn't any one big driver. But to an earlier question that was raised, we got the most traction in an assortment of mid-box, junior-box-type anchors and turnover as opposed to the small stores, which was -- I think it was a mild negative but almost imperceptible. So really, it was driven by a series of boxes, including a couple, and I don't have the information in front of me, a couple of the borders, re-leased boxes. In an earlier call, I had mentioned that we were pleased with the pipeline of users on the Borders -- former Borders location and a couple of boxes that helped push the numbers forward.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Do you have any other of these Target-like deals coming up?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes. We do, but not next quarter.
David B. Henry: Yes. Don't put it in your model next quarter. But the benefit of being around for 50 years is we have lots of leases that are very low rent that finally reach the maturity and finally reach the last of their extension options. And this particular quarter, we saw one of those. We have many like that embedded in our portfolio.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: A question for Glenn. Looking at your debt schedule, you guys are pretty light beyond 2020. And just given your opening comments about limited capital markets activity, just sort of curious what are your thoughts on for taking advantage of the current strong bid for corporate credit, extending duration even if it means tendering for stuff early and taking a charge. And also, just want to get your thoughts on doing the preferred. Great pricing, but again, if you can get unsecured tenured debt inside of that, the trade-off in your view of preferred versus unsecured.
Glenn G. Cohen: I think it's all a balance of how you look at the overall capital structure of the company. We knew we want to replace our preferred, it's 7.75, so it was a good arm. The reality is at 6%, 30-year debt for us at the time we did it was virtually on top of that. So using a preferred instrument, really that's not callable to permanent capital. We thought it made a lot of sense in the overall capital picture. You are right that we are light as we go further out because of where our debt maturity stack is. And the reality is when we go to the next bond issuance, a new 10-year deal was going to fit into an area where we have no debt maturities. So as we've done for a long time, we keep a very well-staggered debt maturity, and trying to take advantage of the markets where we can. And that's kind of what we did with this term loan, giving ourselves 5 years of term where there's -- there's just a very big disconnect today between the bank market and the bond market. So we'll continue to look and continue to be opportunistic.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: So what about tendering early for bonds?
Glenn G. Cohen: We watch it real closely. But the cost of doing it is pretty expensive. I mean, we looked even at trying -- look at the bonds that matured in November and January, and the prepayment penalties is somewhat prohibitive. So we'll watch it and take advantage of it where it makes sense.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: David, I think you mentioned -- I think it was you who mentioned after the InTown sale and you look at the non-core asset sales that are -- non-retail asset sales that are planned to happen this year, you'll probably have about $300 million left or a little bit less than that. What's the time, do you think -- the best estimate to cycle through selling that? And then when you look at the non-core retail holdings, where are you in that process? Like how far through it in terms of disposing which one will ultimately sell?
David B. Henry: Well, in terms of the non-retail portfolio, I think by the end of next year, we'll be down to 1% to 2% of our total assets, and we'll be very happy at that. There are some longer term non-retail assets that we'll probably hold for in a while. But we're very hopeful at that point with 98% plus of our assets being shopping centers, that it will go away as an issue. And we realize the InTown Suites is the big driver of all that, and we're committed to making that happen. In terms of the non-strategic retail, Mike, you might want to give an update here.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes. Yes, Michael, what I said in the last quarter's call is that this is going to be continuous. I don't think I'll ever stop in terms of recycling. But from a realistic perspective, in terms of the 100-plus assets that we've labeled non-strategic for external disclosure purposes, I think that's going to be a 2- to 3-year cycle. If we're happy with the acceleration of what's happening in the market now, selling what we sold in the first quarter and just for some stats, right now, we have another 14 under contract, 14 more that we've got accepted offers, we're negotiating a contract, and 21 more that are in the marketing phase. So I think that's the steady diet of activity that you would expect to see us have -- that's going to be happening over the course of the next couple of years. Now I'll also tell you that as we look -- we continue much more aggressively to relook at the portfolio and make some decisions about keep versus sell. And that's really why in the disclosures do you all -- we talk about one set of occupancy number as one set of leasing spread numbers. We do disclose separately the non-strategic, but I don't want to get into a pattern of saying just pay attention to the "strategic assets." Because we're going to continually look to recycle capital and where we feel value and has been extracted to the management degree possible. We will continue to use that as a capital source. And I'd just add that in the process of execution, the market is -- what we see is getting a little better for the B assets, both in terms of the interest of those types of buyers, as well as from available debt capital coming from the debt funds that are out there in the marketplace. So all in all, we think that has a good story attached to it as well.
Operator: At this time, we'll take a follow-up from Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just in the opening remarks, Milton, just in terms of -- you commented on some of the experience you've had with distressed retailers and also the national presence of your platform and ability to work on very large transactions. What are sort of some of the opportunities that you're seeing today? And is there anything imminent that we should be thinking about?
Milton Cooper: Well, this is a continuing process for us, and distress is not as available as it once was since there have not been new development and you really don't have the oversupply and the issue with retailers as abundant capital. But we do look for opportunities. We were involved in the Albertsons transaction that has turned out to be successful. We are exploring the possibility of other transactions with the Albertsons people, whether it may be real estate. It'll be available at attractive prices. So we're constantly watching that.
David B. Henry: And by definition, it's a very lumpy business. So we are on the case, and we do want to make sure that the market is aware that this is part of our business model and it's something we've done very well over the years. And we continue to talk to retailers about the opportunity for us to do opportunistic transactions with their retail real estate.
Operator: At this time, we'll take Nathan Isbee with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes. Can you just give a little detail in terms of how much you've committed to spend to this KEYS and franchise program and how long you are committed to it?
Glenn G. Cohen: The cost made is primarily in funding the set training seminars and other related activity that are mostly going to be conducted through the California small business development corps. So without disclosing specific numbers, the cost is relatively nominal. And that's going to be our primary financial cost for doing so. We will, in fact, help participate -- a few of our California leasing and asset management team associates are going to participate in those training sessions. But that's really -- it's not going to be a heavy dollar amount.
Milton Cooper: We do give a year of free rent as a startup company. So there is that contribution.
Glenn G. Cohen: Right. There's that opportunity cost for year 1, which is more based on a series of alliances with areas, forums, colleges, business development corps to really -- to get some leverage, if you will, in bringing the entrepreneurs on board.
Milton Cooper: We hope to have the next Google come to us.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I'll turn the conference back over for any additional or closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Vicki, and to everybody that participated on our call today. As a final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thank so much and have a good day.
Operator: And that does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you all for joining.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David F. Bujnicki - Senior Director of Investor Relations David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Scott G. Onufrey - Vice President and Managing Director of Kimco Realty Advisors Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Michael V. Pappagallo - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Kimco's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker today, Dave Bujnicki. Please proceed, Mr. Bujnicki.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Cynthia. Thank you all for joining Kimco's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning is Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer, as well as other key executives, who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management's hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future, which are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors to better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question, so that all of our callers have the opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue, if you have additional questions. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning. Thanks for calling in today. I'm a little under the weather, so I'm going to ask Scott Onufrey to read my prepared remarks, but I will be available for any easy questions after that.
Scott G. Onufrey: We are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results, and we believe they represent continued solid and steady progress on our key goals and objectives. Our earnings release contains the detailed numbers for the quarter, but I would like to highlight certain areas and provide further updated information on others. Overall, and step-by-step, our retail portfolio continues to strengthen as evidenced by the key metrics or, as we like to say, our vital signs. Seven straight quarters of positive same-store NOI growth, positive leasing spreads of 4.9% and a 30 basis point increase on our occupant -- in our occupancy, altogether present a strong and improving picture.  The economy and our retailers are both showing tentative signs of shrugging off the anemic recovery and focusing on growth. With virtually no new development in our retail sector, sustained population growth and improving GDP numbers, we are beginning to see an increase in effective rents, particularly in our strong core markets, such as Long Island, South Florida, Baltimore, Washington, Puerto Rico and Canada. We also continue to make good progress in reducing our non-retail portfolio.  From $1.2 billion in early 2009, we now stand at $495 million, representing less than 4.5% of our total assets. Our largest remaining single investment, the InTown Suites portfolio is attracting increasing levels of interest as we have now broadened the marketing efforts with our partner's permission and as hotel properties are again beginning -- being aggressively pursued by investors. There are several parties which have conducted extensive due diligence, and we are confident that we will be able to sell the portfolio in the near term.  At the property level, InTown continues to perform very well with RevPAR increasing substantially. We also have a significant number of other non-retail properties under contract, which will further reduce the amount of the remaining non-retail portfolio.  Under Mike Pappagallo's leadership, we are also making strong progress on our recycling initiatives. In 2011, we sold 31 nonstrategic retail properties, while at the same time, we bought 17 high-quality shopping centers, virtually all in our core markets. We are committed to continuing to sell our nonstrategic shopping centers, which will upgrade our portfolio and permit us to concentrate on superior properties in our core markets.  Internationally, our Canadian portfolio is maintaining its very high occupancy and benefiting from strong retailer expansion, highlighted by targets commitment to open 24 -- 25 stores in Canada, each quarter beginning in March 2013. The Canadian economy remains strong with 2% GDP growth forecast for 2012, continued low interest rates and moderate unemployment levels. We are pleased that we are able to buy a high-quality grocery-anchored center in December in the Greater Vancouver market, and we hope to close on another attractive grocery anchored center in Edmonton shortly.  In Mexico, our retail portfolio is making leasing progress hitting 84% combined occupancy in the fourth quarter, including several new developments. The Mexico economy is strong with 3.9% GDP growth in 2011, higher than that of Brazil for the first time in 8 years. The strengthening currency and strong retail sales performance. Overall, Mexico same-store retail sales increased 8% in the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year. We are seeing increased leasing demand from national, international anchors and sub-anchors. Interestingly, anchor retailers in our Mexico portfolio pay percentage rents exceeding $2 million in 2011. And as I like to remind everyone, all of our leases in Mexico contained full annual cost of living escalators.  As we move forward into 2012, we feel very pleased with our results. And we believe 2012 will be another year of increasing FFO. Portfolio improvements and success in recycling capital to create a very high quality retail portfolio in our core markets where we have scale, terrific demographics and strong retailer relationships.  On this call, I would also like to acknowledge and formally thank Barbara Pooley, for her hard work and contributions during her 5 years with the company. Her departure was on good terms as reflected in the mutual and amicable separation document filed with the 8-K. Barbara remains available to the company for advisory services and consultation for an extended period.  Now I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details of our fourth quarter to be followed by Mike and Milton.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Scott, Dave. We hope you'll feel better quickly. Our fourth quarter results demonstrate the continuation of the strategy that we set forth at our Investor Day almost 18 months ago. The strategy that is focused on our property operating matrix, which Dave has coined our vital signs, such as occupancy, same-site NOI growth and leasing spreads. We continued monetization of non-retail assets and the disposition of nonstrategic retail assets, while using the proceeds for acquisitions of shopping center properties in the key markets we have identified. All these activities are being executed with an eye towards a strengthening balance sheet, strong liquidity position and improved debt metrics. I'm pleased to report we have been executing on all aspects of this strategy.  Let me expand upon the results noted in the earnings release. Headline FFO per share came in at $0.33 for the quarter, bringing headline FFO to $1.27 for the full year, as compared to $1.21 for 2010, a 5% increase. The fourth quarter 2011 headline amount includes $0.04 of transaction income and $0.01 of impairment charges. The results I just mentioned have been adjusted to reflect a NAREIT revision to the FFO definition, which now excludes impairments of depreciable operating assets and depreciable asset impaired in joint ventures. We have adopted the revised definition and have adjusted previous periods to reflect the modification.  Our recurring FFO per share for the fourth quarter was $0.30 with a full year recurring FFO per share result of $1.20 compared to $1.14 for 2010, a 5.3% increase. This meets the top end of our guidance range. The recurring FFO increase is attributable to a 5.7% increase in recurring retail contributions, fueled by positive results at the operating property level. The revised NAREIT-FFO definition has no impact on recurring FFO and FFO per share.  Our shopping center metrics continue to improve. Gross occupancy for the U.S. portfolio increased 30 basis points from last quarter and is up 50 basis points from a year ago to 93.2%. Gross occupancy, on a combined basis, including the U.S., Canada and Latin America, increased 30 basis points to 93.3%. Same-site NOI growth was 1.6% on a combined basis, representing the seventh consecutive quarter with positive results. Our same-site NOI was negatively impacted by about 20 basis points due to the weaker Canadian dollar and weaker Mexican peso. We also had positive leasing spread this quarter of 4.9% combined from new leases, renewals and options. I will net them toward our non-retail monetization objectives continue with the sale of $7 million of liquid bonds, the return of our preferred equity capital, plus a $9.6 million promote on one of our preferred equity investments, the sale of several urban assets in our Canadian hotel portfolio. In addition, since year end, we have monetized several other non-retail assets, bringing the balance to $495 million or a reduction of over $300 million since the beginning of 2011, exceeding our annual target.  During the quarter, we sold 5 nonstrategic retail assets from the consolidated portfolio and 2 others from joint venture programs for a total proceeds of $55 million. For the year, we disclosed the 31 nonstrategic retail assets. Proceeds from the non-retail and nonstrategic asset sales were quickly put to work with the acquisition of 10 fully-owned assets from an aggregate purchase price of $204 million.  Our balance sheet and liquidity position is in excellent shape. Our net debt to recurring EBITDA was at 6.2x. If you pro forma in the EBITDA from the late fourth quarter acquisitions, the metric stands at 6.1x. We remain committed to a net debt to recurring EBITDA level of 6x by the end of this year. As a result of the transaction income during the quarter, the headline net debt to EBITDA was 5.5x. We have an excess of $1.4 billion of immediate liquidity to our recently renewed revolving credit facility. Our consolidated debt maturities are well staggered, with only $350 million of maturing debt this year, mostly in the latter half of the year. And bank market and public capital markets are open with noticeable spread tightening for unsecured bonds and perpetual preferred issuances. This may present an opportunity later in the year for us when our 7 3/4% perpetual preferred insurance becomes callable in October. We will continue to monitor closely the capital markets.  Lastly, I'd like to provide additional color around guidance. As a result of our completed property-by-property detailed budget process, we are reaffirming 2012 recurring FFO per share guidance of $1.22 to $1.26. This guidance is based solely on recurring flows and does not assume transaction income or impairment charges, if any. Assumptions used in determining this guidance range include an increasing combined portfolio occupancy of 50 to 100 basis points by the end of 2012 and combined positive same-site NOI growth of 1.5% to 3.5%, providing a mid-point increase of 4% from recurring retail flows. We anticipate a decrease in the non-retail contribution as a result of the continued monetization of these assets, including the InTown Suites portfolio and the continuation of the capital recycling plan. As a result, our capital plan assumes no new equity requirements. These assumptions support our dividend level of 19% -- $0.19 per quarter.  And now I'll turn it over to Mike for his report on the shopping center portfolio.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Thanks, Glenn. On the operating side, we are pleased with the solid finish in 2011 in terms of the portfolio metrics of occupancy, leasing spreads, internal growth and the investment and disposition activity, as reported to you last night.  Lease occupancy improved across the board, both anchor spaces and small shops, as well as overall in our strategic portfolio. The 70 basis point increase in the overall U.S. occupancy rate over the past year was driven by both positive absorption, as well as the effective dispositions of the bottom tier of the portfolio. Another encouraging sign is the continuing deceleration of vacancies, of smaller box users coming out of the holiday season. Vacates of space under 10,000 square feet for the first quarter were at their highest in the first quarter 2009 with 645,000 square feet, then dropped to 557,000 square feet in 2010 and 361,000 square feet last year. Through January of 2012, we are trending even better than that, providing a bit of positive news in the health of this component of our tenant mix. And as a fun fact, I would offer that not only is our portfolio getting healthy, but so too are the consumers visiting our centers. Loss of square footage since 2009 in the small spaces included many video, books and music shops, all sedentary-type activities. Some big net gainers in that same timeframe include specialty health and spas, yogurt shops and weight reduction centers, just in case you are wondering.  The recycling process, both continues and will be continuous. This is not a one-shot initiative. And the asset decisions are driven by each regional president's assessment of their own portfolio strengths and weaknesses. A great example is in our Southeast and Florida region. Over the past year, Paul Puma and his team have sold 10 properties with 5 more slated for the first half of 2012 which, combined, represent about 1.2 million square feet and $8 million of net operating income. The total sales proceeds of $95 million has partially funded the $133 million of the region's purchase of new centers that will generate about $9.5 million in NOI. While the sale, cap rates were around $9 million and the purchase cap rates were about $7 million, we moved out of poor markets with either weak anchors or chronic vacancy into well-leased and well-positioned assets in our core markets.  The U.S. same-site net operating income of 1.1% for this past quarter, as well as the third quarter was nicked a bit by the effect of the borders and A&P bankruptcies, which shaved about 60 basis points from the fourth quarter number. That said, the news on those spaces is good. We have now signed new leases with supermarket users for each of the 3 A&P lease rejections totaling 150,000 square feet. Of the 16 Borders, we now have 4 leases executed, and we expect another 8 done by mid-2012. At this point, the composite releasing spreads are actually a slight positive, contrast that with the 15% to 20% downside on the Linens N Things and Circuit City boxes from 2 years ago. This reflects the quality of the real estate and the changing market per space. The interest level in these boxes underscore what we and other landlords have been saying for a while, that there is continued demand by retailers for space and a declining inventory to satisfy it.  Within the Kimco portfolio, the number of anchor spaces, 10,000 square feet and greater, as we define it, has been reduced to a little over 100 boxes or just 2.7% of the total GLA, which essentially means that opportunity is to capture stronger retailers and concepts will be more from rollover or recapture of maturing leases and yes, even more bankruptcies. That may not result in big increases in reported occupancy, but more a continuous repositioning and value creation opportunities within the existing shopping center portfolio. We're seeing that in a couple of very recent examples. In Pompano, Florida, we negotiated a termination of an announced Kmart closing with limited term left and are currently pursuing a redevelopment for a supermarket and hard goods retailer. Conversely, in San Diego, we took a longstanding dark and paying supermarket at a location with a 2012 lease end date and re-let it to a fitness club alongside a sporting goods co-tenant at a much higher spread. And considering the ongoing action in anchor leasing and retention, the big pushes in the smaller spaces, ranging from redoubling our efforts in the traditional approaches, pursuing alternative use, combining spaces where economically viable and sometimes demolishing and refocusing available land for out-parcels.  2012 will be very much a year of working the small details, the nickels and dimes of shopping center leasing and management. And beyond traditional approaches, we're also pursuing any and all angles to secure new users and enhance shopping center performance with a series of initiatives ranging from preapproving locations with franchisors to market to potential users, mobile marketing technology and site-specific programs to support mom and pops and ancillary income from cell tower, solar trash management and other programs.  And finally, in our Mexico portfolio, our team met their goals for leasing by signing 732,000 square feet of new deals and driving the composite occupancy rate to 84.4%. Our target is an additional 800,000 square feet for 2012.  With that, I'll turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. We are in an environment of low interest rates. There is little inflation and there are signs of improvement in the job market and other economic indicators. Much more is needed but we are heading in the right direction. If the trend is confirmed and continues, all commercial real estate will benefit. Of course, we have no control over the economy, but what we do control are where our focus must lie is in our portfolio and our strategy. And what does that mean for Kimco? One, continue improving our key portfolio operating metrics. Two, continue our momentum of exiting our non-retail assets and our nonstrategic shopping centers. Three, anticipate the ever-changing landscape of retail and seize opportunities as we have done on so many occasions in the past. Overall, we feel very good about the prospects of many of the retailers and their increasing need for space, restaurants, health clubs, service businesses such as dry cleaners, all are relatively immune to the Internet in a rapidly growing [indiscernible]. The positive news is that there is an essentially no development -- new development as I expected and specifically, there have been no new malls built within the past several years and some of the existing mall tenants are seeking space, enabling community shopping centers to meet their expansion needs. With relatively few new retail developments and continued population growth, there should be improvement in both occupancy and rents.  I also believe that cap rates will compress. The spread between 10-year treasuries and cap rates is simply too high compared to historic trends -- spreads. My sense is that it is good to control close to 1 billion square feet of land in a growing country. We continue to seize opportunities with weak retailers with strong real estate using our extensive experience and contacts in the bankruptcy arena. We recently took back 3 leases in both the Syms and A&P bankruptcies that will allow us to either redevelop the centers or simply re-lease at higher rents. We are continuing our program of rationalizing our portfolio by selling nonstrategic assets.  Now let's look back and note what we have achieved since the depth of the great recession. Since the S&P 500 index reached its lows in March 2009, Kimco's total return of 182% compares very favorably to the S&P 500 total return of 74% over the same time period. We also outperformed the NAREIT Index. We've been through many cycles and we now have more than 20 years' experience of being a public company and celebrated our anniversary last year. It was a special celebration for all of us at Kimco, and we're excited about our future and the prospects for our company.  And we that, we will be delighted to answer any questions that you may have.
David F. Bujnicki: Cynthia, we're ready to move on to the question-and-answer portion of the call, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Milton, you just said you expect cap rates to compress further and I was wondering if maybe you can add a little color there. And then just to the extent that you think that, that is upcoming, will that affect your acquisition and disposition appetite? Do you expect cap rates to compress? Would you kind of hold back a bit on dispositions and wait for that or similarly kind of accelerate or change the target set for acquisition?
Milton Cooper: Let me answer the latter part of the question first. It will not affect our desire and momentum to exit the nonstrategic assets and the lesser quality assets. Our objective is to have the highest-quality portfolio. And I do think that cap rates, as I mentioned, as a spread -- if you're buying a cap rate of 7%, let's say, or even 6%, it's still a spread of over 400 basis points at the lower end of the treasuries. And when you consider the possibilities of inflation, the fact that there is a tax savings and having depreciation and real estate assets, that residual value should increase as the country grows. We will have 39 million poor people in America at the end of the 10 years. It's more than the population in Canada and Australia. So residual value, I'll tell you. So that is my thesis for my view that cap rates will compress.
David B. Henry: And Paul, we're seeing it every month in terms of the high-quality centers we're bidding on. There's more and more bidders for those very high-quality centers and cap rates continue to drift down.
Operator: We will take our next question from Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm here with Michael Billerman as well. My question just focuses on the small shop occupancy, so maybe for Mike. In terms of the occupancy in the quarter sequentially, I think it was up about 70 basis points. Obviously, there's been some changes in terms of asset acquisitions and sales. So first, I'm not sure if you had a -- like a same property, what the occupancy increased by over the quarter? And then, as you looked to 2012 guidance, can you give us sort of an expectation of where you think small shop occupancy's going to move throughout the year?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Quentin, my first question back to you is were you looking for same-site occupancy for the smaller spaces only?
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, just for the small spaces.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes, I've not broken that down at that level. What I can tell you is that the increase in the small store occupancy, and even the anchor occupancy came about, I would suggest, half and half. Half from positive absorption and half from the disposition activity as we sell some of these poorly occupied centers, this nonstrategic part of our portfolio where we're gaining disproportionately, if you will, in the small store vacancies. So while I didn't give you the numbers, I think we could take from the comment that a lot of the improvement has come from addition by subtraction. Now your question on 2012 with respect to targets and the underlying assumptions of small ticket leasing. Glenn had pointed out that the overall occupancy increase is going to be 50 to 100 basis points. That's a combination in our planning of both positive absorption, as well as that ongoing disposition activity. Again, I think it'll probably be a half and half proposition with the high end, the high-end improvement of the occupancy reflecting more aggressive disposition activity. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: We will take our next question from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig R. Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You had commented on the progress in Mexico. I was wondering, when do you think the leasing levels of Mexico will be sort of in line with the rest of your portfolio? And are there any challenges to getting there? Or -- and what's the concentration of vacancy like small shops, whatever?
Glenn G. Cohen: Our budget is to try to get to a 90% level for the entire basket. And you have to remember the entire basket has some recently completed property. So that's why it's not there yet. Leasing is accelerating. We feel very good, as we said in the remarks. We're seeing increasing activity from Mexican retailers, as well as the continued activity from the international retailers. And we're seeing a pickup in Mexico, just like the U.S., in the small shop leasing. The challenges to getting there, obviously, especially in an election year in Mexico, is possible turmoil in Mexico. But honestly, it really seems that they're just powering through the headlines that you may see. And it's helped by the fact that Mexico continues to be under stored by any metric you want to look at compared to the U.S. And the underlying economy is strong with sustained GDP growth between 3% and 4%, low unemployment, manufacturing basis coming back very strongly there. So we feel good. So test us if we get to the 90% level by year end. But that's our firm goal.
Glenn G. Cohen: And just one other thing to add to that, Craig, in terms of reaching that goal, and if you will, to your point about catching up to the rest of the portfolio. If things proceed as planned, it's really a 2013, 2014 type full stabilization point across the entire portfolio where we hope that U.S. occupancies and Mexico occupancies will be flat and then termed indistinguishable, as long as results will be good. But that's our timeframe.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the hotel portfolio. It sounds like the interest has increased as you broaden the marketing. Can you give us a sense of, perhaps, pricing as you compare to where you were last summer and maybe some expectation for timing?
David B. Henry: Well, you hit the 2 things that really make us firmly believe that we will get this baby sold this year. One is that the whole market has picked up since the second half of last year when the CMBS market imploded and we were headed towards another downturn. But we're seeing the exact opposite right now. There's an increasing level of interest in the hotel portfolio. And with our partner's new permission, we have broadened the marketing effort and we do have a number of very interested parties. Our pricing remains exactly what we established before, which will get us out whole in terms of our book investment and maybe a little more if we're lucky. Underneath it, as we mentioned, the properties are doing very well. The RevPAR is increasing substantially. And I think that's what's going on as there's the hint of recovery out there. Investors are looking at hotel assets, which can be priced daily or, in our case, weekly as possible inflation heads. In our case, even at our price, you're buying way below replacement costs and it's an established brand and a platform and so forth. So we feel good about making something happen with this relatively soon.
Glenn G. Cohen: I mean, from a modeling standpoint in our guidance, we modeled in that it will get sold sometime during the third quarter.
Operator: We will take our next question from Christy McElroy with UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just to follow up on some of the prior questions, so just to be clear on 2012 guidance. I'm wondering if you could talk about, just for the U.S. portfolio, what is your same-store NOI growth and your occupancy outside expectation? And then, if you could also provide a total dollar volume for non-core and nonstrategic disposition assumption for 2012?
Michael V. Pappagallo: On the U.S. same-store NOI, and Glenn gave you the range of 1.5 to 3.5 and our base case in the U.S. lands right in the middle of that range and that's why we range that out at such. So for us, the upside case in the U.S. is really accelerating the timing of getting some of the leases that were signed late in '11, as well as some of the planned leases signed in early '12 to get those commencing rent sooner than our plan. And that's the primary driver more than it is occupancy increases. The upside in occupancies was really just the level to anticipate if the economy continues to recover more strongly, that will have a disproportion of positive effect in some of our small store strategies. So a long way of saying, Christy, that the U.S. piece of the puzzle is very consistent with the combined piece of the puzzle. Glenn, you want to comment on the disposition specification?
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes, so in terms of non-retail disposition, as we mentioned, it was is $495 million of book value assets remaining. We expect that have modeled in to sell around $250 million during 2012. So it's going to bring the number almost in half. And then on the nonstrategic retail assets, we modeled in there about $250 million of sales as well. So you can do that in conjunction with our overall capital plan. That's why we just remain in this recycling program and no need for further equity at this point in time.
Operator: We will take our next question from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just going to look at the buyers of your non-core, the stuff that you're selling. Curious what -- how their financing? If they are cash buyers? If they're using local banks? Or if it's just by simply assuming the existing mortgage and maybe they don't have to put that much equity into it. And as a follow-up to that, the banks, at least at the community bank level, seemed to be -- everyone loves apartments. Curious what their view is of shopping centers that -- of the type that you're selling.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Alex, the predominant buyer of our shopping centers, the quality smallish centers in our non-core markets are almost always local guys. Local guys who either have capital available, have a local banking relationship, may be coming off a 1031 exchange of selling and other property. But it is very, very local. Our strategy has been on a one-off basis because these assets are diverse. There's no comment directed to them. It's not a single market, et cetera. So because of that and we're oftentimes asked about how the CMBS market has affected our program or the capital availability in general, it really hasn't. The thing that more impacts the velocity of our program is the fact that because this is the bottom line of our portfolio, there is, on the normal course of business, more tenants fall out. There's more questions about viability of some of the smaller tenancies and the resiliency of whatever anchors are there. So there's a lot of horse trading that goes on. We tried to accelerate the process as best as we can. And we'll need to make concessions in certain cases, but we're committed to move. It isn't financing that's going to drive the bus, at least for this round of disposition.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then, as for as rate staying low for -- through potentially the end of '14, are you seeing -- Milton, you spoke about cap rates coming down which makes sense just given the environment. But are you seeing the lenders coming down commensurately? Or you see that gap between financing and cap rates widen?
Glenn G. Cohen: Alex, it's Glenn. I mean, when you look at nonrecourse mortgage financing, rates have definitely started to compress. Spreads are starting to compress again. As you know, the market got pretty frozen again during the latter half of '11. That has definitely thawed and there's a lot of activity again. And you're starting to see spread compression, both on the nonrecourse side, and you're seeing spread compression even in the unsecured bond market, even at the levels that treasuries are out today. So I think the capital markets are actually in very, very good shape. And it also goes to the bank market. Bank market spreads have also come in.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Actually, I just want to maybe follow up on Alex's question. Can you talk about the spreads that you're seeing between cap rates, between A and B and C centers? And maybe how that's changed in the last 3 to 6 months? I'm just curious if it's widening and tightening and maybe what's driving -- which segments are moving around most.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Jeff, the lease, as we see it through the lens of our disposition again with the peculiar nature of the property, the cash of sale -- exit cap rates have generally hovered in the 9s, as an average. Some are less, some are more. Depending on what type of asset we're really exiting. So it's remained, relatively speaking, at that level, not withstanding some of the compression in financing spread. So again, because there's much more real estate risk associated with some of the assets. As to the higher-quality property, now the A, the B pluses, we're just echoing what Dave had said is as the continual slight to quality persists, we're seeing more and more compression of cap rates. So as Milton suggested, as the cap rates are going down, you're clearly seeing it on the front tier of the As and the B pluses.
Milton Cooper: What I would add, cap rates and interest rates are tied at the hip. And I think Glenn has pointed out to us that financing is available -- tenure financing is available at the fullest. And if you have tenure available at the fullest, you can readily determine that cap rates are going to be less than 7.
David B. Henry: But it really is a tale of 2 cities out there, the high quality, very low cap rates and the B properties and secondary markets or tertiary markets, limited bidders and higher cap rates.
Operator: We will take our next question from Nathan Isbee with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you just give us a little incentive how you're game planning for the remaining 48 Sears, Kmart locations in your portfolio? Maybe how you stratify the stores between easier relief and those that might languish for a while?
David B. Henry: Well, we do have a business plan for each and every Kmart location. Primarily, our exposure is Kmart. There's a handful of Sears, but there is a game plan and they are in different buckets. Milton, if you want to...
Milton Cooper: Well, again, the Sears are very tiny portion. And so far as Kmart is concerned, there are 2 aspects. One, they have credit and when we look at their credit, it's still a $4.4 billion equity market cap. And thus far, they have not closed any of the stores in our market, indeed in Pompano. We paid to cancel the lease to Kmart and we're replacing that with a very aggressive supermarket and sporting goods. We redeveloped that very well. So you get back to the fundamentals of real estate. And when the real estate is good and the rents are good, we should be able to recycle those that are closed. There has only been one closed in our portfolio.
David B. Henry: And if you remember, in 2002, when Kmart went bankrupt, the very high rent leases or the very poorest performing stores were rejected at that point. So the portfolio at that time, that we were left with, was a very high-quality portfolio, either in terms of very low rents or very good location. And we just want to assure, everybody, we are being very proactive about this. And to the extent we can take back some of these properties early, we will do so and they should find good homes.
Milton Cooper: Another comment on the Sears, Kmart credit. You must remember, one, that Sears owns a very large bank in Sears Canada that has wonderful assets and doing relatively better. Two, they have an Internet function that has been quite successful. So that may be the reason why there is that $4.4 billion market cap.
Operator: We will take our next question from Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I saw a gain on the sale of development properties in the income statement and it reminded me of the old KDI days. And I'm curious, I guess, 2 things: One, was that a KDI gain? And two, how do guys think about KDI going forward? Is there a possibility we could see more life to the merchant development sort of concept?
Glenn G. Cohen: We haven't had a merchant building gain in quite a while. This was a KDI asset. So it wasn't merchant building asset and we had the opportunity to sell it. It's an asset that is in our taxable REIT subsidiary. And as we've always done, merchant building gains have been included in FFO, but only to the extent of the economic gain. So will you see a lot more of it? Probably not. There's not a whole lot of KDI assets that are left within the TRFs. There's a few. And we'll keep an eye on them as we go. But again, the main focus, I think, for us is that we continue to focus on the recurring flows and the gain, again, as part of the headline number, but not in the recurring numbers.
David B. Henry: Two comments. One is we will probably, very unlikely, that we will ever go back into the trading business, merchant building where we build and sell. To the extent the economics makes sense, we will build and hold. We are a believer in the long-term recurring income, especially if we're going to build a quality property. We're going to hold that. But just to clarify, Glenn, a lot of that gain in the numbers came from selling a KDI property into a new joint venture with SEB.
Operator: We will take our next question from Cedrik Lachance with Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Just going back to your views on cap rates, to the extent that GAAP, perhaps, between the not so good assets and the high-quality assets has continued to widen. Does that make you want to accelerate your disposition program in order to increase the base with which you're investing in better quality properties?
David B. Henry: Yes, I think we've -- we are accelerating it. And we do believe that not withstanding these higher cap rates for the lower quality properties. Interest rates are at historic lows. Real estate is attracting capital again. It's an inflation hedge, as I mentioned, an alternative investment that yield virtually nothing. So it's a good time to sell, not withstanding these higher cap rates. And we can offset the dilution in many different ways.
Michael V. Pappagallo: And Cedrik, I'll just again restate what I said earlier and what Milton said. We continue to aggressively pursue the disposition of these assets. We're not going to wait for any further lowering of cap rates. Our biggest hurdle, quite frankly, is the fact that these are, again, a series of assets across the countries, small and not in any one particular market. It's very much a ground more of individual negotiation. If I had an entire market I was getting out of, then we'd probably package it up and market it to a different set of buyers. We don't have that in this situation. So we're moving as quickly as we can. But it's going to be a lot of singles and doubles and not a lot of grand slam home run in any one transaction.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just had a follow-up question on Sears. I apologize if I missed it. But do you guys have an estimate of the mark-to-market on the remaining stores? I know it's quite low but...
Michael V. Pappagallo: In other words, suggesting whether the market rents on the spaces are above or below the contract rent?
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm trying to get a sense of what the order magnitude is. I mean, obviously, the leases are pretty low rental rates in place. But just trying to get a sort of order magnitude sense of what the market rents would be today on those stores.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Well, the average base rent, Vincent, is about $5.62. So on balance, we feel that market rent for the available space is higher. Okay, but that's a theoretical comment in the sense that since many of these leases still have a significant amount of term, trying to extract their sales, trying to get out of those leases so it's a little bit more of a difficult proposition. But yes, theoretically, we feel that the market rent is higher now, whether it's 10%, 15%, 20%. That's tough to gauge because it's pretty diverse. The one example we always like to give is, depending on the market, it could be substantially higher. We only talk about the target that replaced the Kmart in Staten Island, a very dense market with very limited supply. And that upside was tremendous. That was about 1 percentage of that.
Milton Cooper: I would say that it was 15x the prior rent.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I knew that. So it varies across the board.
David B. Henry: But I think it's safe to say, what 75%, 80% of these leases are below market. Some of them significantly below market. Do we have some that are above market? Sure. But most of these are under market and not bad locations that we should be able to replace them relative easy if something happened. And in the meantime, we are being proactive on the stores that perhaps Kmart or Sears want to close, trying to work with them, trying to get the space back early if we can on a fair basis.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael W. Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I dropped off the call so I apologize if this was asked already. But Glenn, can you walk through for 2012 guidance? What's embedded in there for investment activity, so just thinking about either on balance sheet, investment activity through to the funds, non-core retail, as well as non-retail?
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, from an acquisition standpoint, we've modeled in roughly $350 million of our investment dollars. So that will be a mix of consolidated fully-owned properties, as well as any capital that we would invest further with joint venture partners. So that's our target. On the disposition side, as I mentioned, roughly $250 million of non-retail assets to be monetized over the year, as well as another $250 million of sales of nonstrategic retail assets.
Operator: We will take a follow-up question from Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, it's Michael Bilerman. I just want to come back to this debt yield and sort of asset yield, cap rate spread. And Milton, I recognized you're not an economist and have been doing real estate for a few years. But given the fact that the bottom market has been right about where our economy has been and going for the last 5 years, what do you think the bond market is actually telling us with these sort of low rates? Are we sort of in this low inflation, low growth type of market? Or are we simply having a technical bubble because we've have this massive globally induced policy that has pushed a thirst for yield and safety that's going to reverse and cause rates eventually will skyrocket. And then, given the fact that rates and cap rates are joined at the hip, as you said, we could be in for -- to your asset value compression. So I'm just trying to figure out sort of where your mindset is about what the bottom market's telling us.
Milton Cooper: Well, how much of it is influenced by the actions of the Fed and the government, I'm not sure. We all are aware that these rates can't last forever and that there will be much higher rates in the future. Now coming back to the cap rates. In the worst times, and believe it or not, I remember a time when prime was 21, when the 10-year treasury was north of 10%. And even in those periods of extremely high interest rates on decent shopping centers, it never went really above 10%. There was -- people felt it was an asset. They wanted a safe yield, there were benefits of depreciation, feeling there will be ultimate residual values. So historically, Michael, even if you had it now, as 10% is a long way off from 6% and 7%, what I'm trying to put in perspective, it doesn't mean that as rates run away, that cap rates will go to 13% or 14%, et cetera. And the other thing that has happened, the demand for real estate as a portion of total investments has increased. The performance of REITs compared to other common stocks has been excellent. You will not have any internal scandals. You don't have to have any global crossings. By and large, there are management's with entrepreneurs and decent track records, good characters and they do have yields. So I -- while I'm a pessimist before the Great Depression, I still feel optimistic that we're not going to revert to very high cap rates. I hope I've answered it.
David B. Henry: And I would just add that we're seeing an all-time high level of interest from life insurance companies, pension funds and sovereign wealth funds getting back, if you will, into the real estate market as they look at -- look for higher yields. There are alternatives in terms of treasuries and corporates are just so low and they're -- in many cases, insurance companies need actuarially much higher yields. So the level of interest that we've received in investing in, again high quality, is very high.
Operator: We will take our next question from Todd Lukasik with MorningStar.
Todd Lukasik - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: You mentioned the role that the local market leaders have in the capital recycling program in terms of identifying assets to sell and ones to purchase. And I was just wondering if there are any sort of hard and fast targets or guidelines from corporate with regards to demographics of the markets or perhaps expected NOI growth with regard to those assets, particularly on the acquisition side or whether or not that sort of decision made on a market-by-market and asset-by-asset basis.
David B. Henry: We are trying to be more disciplined. We've identified, how many? 25 or so...
Michael V. Pappagallo: 30.
David B. Henry: Core markets that's basically consistent with some of the larger MSAs and with strong demographics. So we've restricted our acquisition activity to those core markets with maybe one exception. But in general, we are going after where we have already scale, where we have presence, where we have long-term relationships and we like the long-term prognosis. With respect to what the field, in effect, is identifying to sale, there's lots of things that go into that calculation. One is whether it's in one of our core markets or not. Secondly, whether they're possibly worried about the local neighborhood or the tenant mix or the anchor tenant or so forth. It's -- they make their case about which properties they think we should sell and put into the nonstrategic bucket. And we review that. And I think, Mike, the bucket is pretty much fixed?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Right. It is fixed at this point, in terms of what we rolled out from Investor Day on forward. But one of the points that I made in my prepared remarks is that it is a continuous program. And we will -- we asked our regional leadership to continually reevaluate the markets and submarkets, their individual asset level business plan. So this "portfolio" will expand and contract as need be. So if you move beyond the straight white line about what's strategic, what's nonstrategic, the more important dimension to understand about where we are coming from is that recycling will be an ongoing part of the landscape going forward. We are not simply accumulating for accumulation's sake. Size does have advantages. But it's not the be-all and end-all. And we've really started to think more aggressively about how we create the optimal portfolio, not the largest portfolio.
Operator: We will take a follow-up question from Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, just a question actually about your, I think it's your fast-track leasing program. I was curious how that works if all franchisees are preapproved and maybe how much business you feel you've done as a result? And is that really what's -- is that helping your small shop leasing activity?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Yes, we've recently launched that, Jeffrey. And essentially, what we do is we -- the Kimco team reaches out to established franchisors to develop a program and get our locations preapproved based on the franchisor's criteria. Then this facilitates marketing those spaces to the prospective franchisees. So we've recently launched it. I think we have about 16 different franchise concepts that are part of the program. We are starting to see some traction in terms of access to our web page that this program links into, wherein franchising events and conferences. And we're starting to gain some traction in that regard. It's one among a whole variety of things that we have been pursuing. And almost all of these initiatives that I had mentioned before, there are coming from the ground. Deeper than that, corporate-induced programs where, say, I'm sitting here in New Hyde Park coming up with the next great idea. All of these ideas are bubbling up from our regional people who, based on the market, based on the needs, are coming up with different ideas. We test them out in maybe a market or a region. And if we like what we see, then we bring it across to the entire portfolio.
Operator: Our final question is a follow-up question from Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One quick one. The severance payment that's being paid to Barb. How is that being treated sort of in guidance? Is that going to be a onetime thing this year? And can you just pounce on the size of the payout? I recognize she was a named executive but the size of the payout certainly was significantly in excess of when you include all the bells and whistles in there and certainly in excess of what was in the proxy, so how that sort of came about.
Glenn G. Cohen: Quentin, it will show up in the first quarter as part of a onetime nonrecurring. So we won't include it in our recurring FFO. But it will show up in the headline number and impacted there.
David B. Henry: And to just add to my remarks, we do want to acknowledge that Barb made some wonderful contributions to our company over the years that she was here specifically, in the property accounting group, Latin America. She was extremely helpful. And most of you on the call know her from her investor relations activities, which were second to none and we appreciate that. At the end of the day, they were just a number of things we didn't see eye to eye on. And we're a generous culture. And that's the form of the payment.
Operator: This will conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Bujnicki, I'll turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Cynthia, and to everyone who participated on our call today. As a final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David B. Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Michael V. Pappagallo - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Glenn G. Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer David F. Bujnicki - Senior Director of Investor Relations Unknown Executive -  Barbara M. Pooley - Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Kimco's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware, today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker today, Dave Bujnicki. Please go ahead, sir.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Audrey. Thank you, all for joining the third quarter 2011 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, our Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer, as well as other key executives, who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management's hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future, which are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question, so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue, if you have additional questions, and if we have time at the end of the call, we will address them.  With that, I now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David B. Henry: Good morning. And thanks for calling in today. We are very pleased with our third quarter results and we believe that they represent continued, solid and steady progress across the board on our key goals and objectives. With an uncertain and soft economic environment, we are happy to have focused the past 2 years on strengthening our balance sheet spelling numerous lower quality and nonstrategic shopping centers and reducing our non-retail portfolio by more than 50%, from $1.2 billion in early 2009 to $564 million today.  We believe that this number will be under $500 million by year end, representing only 4.5% of our assets.  While our InTown portfolio continues to be evaluated by at least 2 potential buyers. It is fair to say that there is no imminent sale transaction to report, even though the properties continued to perform very well with FFO returns exceeding 20%. We thank Scott Griffith, CEO of InTown, and his team for their continued hard work and strong results. For those that recently read the Wall Street Journal article about our dispositions of mixed used urban assets, I would like to put in a good word and clarifying comment for our New York City redevelopment partner, Beck Street Capital. Since our joint venture was formed in 2003, we've had great success with Beck Street Capital, together we have acquired, renovated and repositioned 10 buildings in Manhattan, which generally can be characterized as street-level retail properties with apartments or office on the upper floors.  To date, we have sold 8 of the 10 buildings, most recently 82 Christopher Street this quarter, all at significant gains. The remaining 2 New York City buildings are also high-quality, well-located properties, which will be sold upon completion of planned renovation and rezoning initiatives.  Despite the weak figures for employment, housing and consumer sentiment, consumers' spending and retail sales remain solid with good back-to-school numbers and most experts are expecting holiday sales to be up 2% to 3%, helped by an extra shopping day this year.  Discounters like Marshall's, Ross Stores, Bed Bath, Ecko, et cetera, are all doing especially well and expanding aggressively. With virtually no new development in our sector, population growth and positive GDP, retailers are taking second looks at existing vacancies and being more aggressive on effective rents. Despite the Borders and A&P bankruptcies, our portfolio of metrics, or as we like to say, vital signs, continue to improve under Mike Pappagallo's leadership, and he will provide further details in a moment.  Overall, we had a very good strong quarter, highlighted by Glenn Cohen's successful closing of our new 4-year $1.75 billion line of credit provided by 28 individual banks. With respect to new businesses, subsequent to June 30, we acquired 6 shopping centers, totaling $117 million and comprising approximately 730,000 square feet. Details are contained in our earnings release, but I do want to emphasize that we continue to be very selective, careful and cautious on the acquisition front. Internationally, Canada continues to deliver with 97% portfolio occupancy and continued expansion activity from both Canadian and U.S. retailers. Marshalls opened a sixth location in Toronto and continues to negotiate new deals.  Including one for a new building in our large development project in Montréal. The target acquisition of 220 Zellers leases in Canada is particularly exciting and transformational. Of Kimco's 15 Zellers leases, 9 locations will become new Target stores. One will be a new Wal-Mart, and one a new Sobey's grocery store, and 4 will remain Zellers for the time being. The first Target in Canada is expected to open in January of 2013 and smaller retailers are anxious to locate near the new Target stores.  In Mexico, GDP grew by 3.9% in the first half of 2011 and the economy is expected to remain strong in the second half as well. Same-store sales generally are up 4.2% through July with clothing and shoe sale up 8%. Both U.S., Mexican retailers are again expanding aggressively, including Wal-Mart, Home Depot, Office Depot, Bed Bath & Beyond, Chedraui, Opel and Cynapiles[ph].  During the quarter, our total occupancy of the portfolio, including development assets, reached 82%. At the risk of stating it too many times, every lease, including the 8%, it contained full annual cost-of-living escalators and many leases have percentage rent provision, all of which should serve us well in future years.  I would like to close by mentioning that this afternoon, Kimco will celebrate its 20th anniversary as a public company by ringing the closing bell of the New York Stock Exchange. It's a wonderful milestone for all of us at Kimco. And we are particularly indebted to Milton and Marty Kimmel for blazing the trail 20 years ago as the first IPO of the modern retailer.  Now I would like to turn to Glenn to discuss the financial details of our third quarter to be followed by Mike and then Milton.
Glenn G. Cohen: Thanks, Dave. Good morning. It's been a little over a year since our Investor Day where we outlined a strategy with focus on the ownership and operation of shopping centers, the value creation and continued lease up of our identified, strategic shopping center portfolio and the growth and their recurring operating cash flows. As part of our strategy, we are committed to recycling capital from sales of retail assets deemed nonstrategic and monetizing the non-retail assets, while strengthening our balance sheet metrics. Our third quarter results demonstrate significant progress toward our stated objectives.  Third quarter recurring FFO per share was $0.30 compared to $0.28 last year, a 7.1% per share increase.  Our recurring FFO included positive NOI growth of $6.8 million or 4.6% from the shopping center portfolio. About 40% of the growth is organic with a continued lease-up of our Latin America portfolio, further positive performance in the U.S. portfolio. This is evidenced by the positive operating vital signs of 3.3% combined same-site NOI growth, which includes U.S., Canada and Latin America and represents our sixth consecutive positive quarter for this metrics. Combined gross occupancy at 93% and positive leasing spreads of 2.7% from new leases, renewals and options. Down to the growth is from acquisition activity.  The recurring $0.30 level excludes $12 million of nonrecurring income and $7.5 million of noncash impairment charges. The nonrecurring income is attributable to another distribution from our Albertsons investments, participation income from disposition of several preferred equity investments and one urban asset. The noncash impairment from transaction-oriented, related primarily to sales or pending sales of certain nonstrategic assets. As such, headline FFO per share came in at $0.31 compared to $0.27 per share last year.  Based on our 9-month results of recurring FFO per share of $0.90, we've tightened our guidance range for the recurring FFO per share from $1.17 to $1.21, to $1.19 to $1.20. As a reminder, this guidance range does not include noncash impairments or nonrecurring income.  It was definitely a productive quarter for us. We sold 10 nonstrategic operating properties this quarter, which produced gains of $6.4 million, which as we all know, were not included in FFO. We have sold 33 assets since we announced this program for total proceeds of $134 million, yet another 6 under contracts, and we're evaluating offers on 21 other properties, which could provide proceeds in excess of $200 million if all the transactions were completed.  We continue to make progress on the monetization of the non-retail assets. We sold about $35 million this quarter reducing the remaining balance of $564 million. And we expect to monetize another $75 million before our next conference call in February, bringing the total reductions to over $300 million since the beginning of the year, which is well ahead of our plan even without the sale of InTown this year.  It should be noted that the assets sold during 2011, produced a net gain of $9 million and we will continue to use a measured approach to maximize the value of the remaining non-retail assets. Proceeds from the disposition of assets have been redeployed by acquiring shopping center assets in the key markets we have targeted.  We have purchased 6 assets since the end of the second quarter for $117 million. Our balance sheet metrics continue to improve, and our liquidity position is very strong. We ended the quarter with net debt to recurring EBITDA at 6x, the level we expected to achieve by the end of 2012. We began the year on 6.3x.  Our total consolidated debt level is under $4 billion at the end of the third quarter, and our consolidated debt maturity are very manageable with only $385 million due in 2012 and $650 million due in 2013. Our access to capital remains strong with an investment grade rating of BBB+ and a stable outlook.  As we announced last week, we completed a new $1.75 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, supported by commitments from 28 banks. We're very pleased by the support and interest we received during the syndication process, our pending commitments of over $2.8 billion. The term is 4 years with a one-year extension option as the company's election with a final maturity on October of 2016. Borrowings on new facility are priced at LIBOR plus 105, one of the lowest spreads in the REIT industry. The facility replaced both our U.S. facility and our Canadian facility, which was scheduled to mature during 2012. Looking forward, although we have not finalized our details property-by-property budget process, we are providing initial guidance of 2012 for recurring FFO per share of $1.22 to $1.26. This guidance range is based solely on recurring flows and does not include any transaction income or impairments. Using the midpoint of the 2012 guidance range yields an increase in recurring FFO per share of about 4%. The range is dependent on the timing of certain non-retail dispositions, including InTown Suites, the timing of acquisitions and dispositions and foreign currency exchange rates. Our initial capital plans for 2012 requires no new equity as we expect to continue our capital recycling program. We will provide more specific assumptions on the next conference call.  As a result of our 2011 performance and expectations for 2012, our Board of Directors has approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend of $0.01 to 0.19 per quarter, a 5.6% increase on an annualized basis. Our FFO payout ratio will remain conservative at a level of just over 50%.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Michael V. Pappagallo: Thank you, Glen. Good morning, everyone. The U.S. shopping center portfolio posted up solid operating metrics once again this quarter. With positive same-store NOI, positive leasing spreads and a 20 basis point increase in pro rata occupancy over the prior quarter.  On a gross basis, occupancy has climbed 50 basis points since last year's third quarter, even after the effects of the Borders and A&P supermarket bankruptcy that mixed about 40 basis points off the current 92.9% level. That said, we've already made excellent progress with respect to the over 550,000 square feet of vacant space left by the Borders and A&P situations.  Of the 19 boxes vacated, we currently have new leases signed for 3 locations are negotiating leases before '13. Shooting for 8 of those to be signed by the end of the year, leaving 3 sites without significant activity. Some of the new users and potential users are familiar names, including Ross Stores, Ulta Cosmetics, TJX Companies and Michaels.  The national change continue to be the driver of the positive absorption in the portfolio. For the first 9 months of the year, we signed almost 900,000 square feet of leases with the national and retailers that are listed on our top 50 tenant list. The steady growing lead of activity with national retailers has experienced year and last, we feel, is more reflective of the mindset and perspective of those retailers despite the uncertain economy. Call it sensible and strategic growth, it is stark contrast to the alternating panic and euphoria exhibited by the financial press and the stock market in reaction to every morsel of economic data.  And as Dave mentioned, we expect the decent holiday season on the heels of the best back-to-school season since 2007. But the absence of fear will not cause us to become complacent. Consumer spending, while improving, has gained from the trade-off from savings, not growth in disposable income.  Comp sales numbers across the spectrum have been uneven, there will always be store closings, retrenchment of retailer business models and particularly with the advance of e-commerce, stages in space leaves and footprint. The most recent announcement from the GAAP is illustrative of both situations taking place.  At Kimco, we do not expect to be impacted much, as most of our locations are the Old Navy banner that spaces in the 15,000 to 18,000 square foot range with many lease maturities 3 to 10 years out. We believe strongly that the best way to be successful in this environment is to continue with the programs we laid out to investors a year ago at the Investor Day. As part of that program, recycling of assets, for which Glenn has provided you with his statistics.  We're also focused on value creation through redevelopment, out-parcel leasing and smaller scale space reconfiguration and re-tenanting in our core strategic portfolio. It seems that redevelopment opportunities are in every REIT managements minds these days, and that's no surprise as the returns are generally much better than the returns available in the acquisition market.  We've been carrying about $100 million to $150 million worth of active projects at any given time over the past few years. But the longer-range pipeline continues to grow. We currently have about 10 projects in the design and entitlement space with another 30 under evaluation. Not all of those pan out, but it underscores the focus in energy and maximizing value being given in this area. Dave provided some commentary on our non-U.S. businesses, allow me to add an additional perspective. In Latin America, our team is well underway to achieving its new leasing target of 700,000 square feet for the current fiscal year. The overall occupancy level of all of our projects, including those not yet stabilized, has steadily increased from 74% at the beginning of 2010 to just under 82% mentioned earlier.  We are aggressively targeting 90% by the end of 2012, and positive signs are bound to help us get there, including interest -- increased interest from key Mexico retailers, including Liverpool and Palacio De Hierro. We will also start to generate cash flows very soon from our Viña del Mar development of Chile, Wal-Mart's leader format and Sodimac opening soon.  Canada continues to be the pillar of strength in the portfolio, 97% occupancy level and 11% combined positive leasing spread over the past 12 months and over 5% same-store NOI growth, even without the effect of a strong Canadian dollar, which in turn, underscores the relative attractiveness of the economy.  In the third quarter, our Canadian shopping center investments generated about 9% of our pro rata NOI. We'd like it to be higher, although acquisitions are hard to come by. So we continue to explore the possibilities of converting some of our remaining preferred equity investments due to parity with some joint ventures and obtain larger economic positions in those assets.  Over the past 12 months, the combined contribution of our Latin American and Canadian investments have ranged between 15% to 18% of NOI. And we would expect that contribution to continue to increase, particularly as more of the Mexico developments reach stabilization.  An international component of our shopping center portfolio is one that we feel will be an ongoing source of core growth, and will clear it as a hedging of the uncertainties in the U.S. economy.  With that, I'll turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. Our strategy to be the premier owner and manager of retail properties as they continue to seize opportunities relating to retail real estate. And we have a long track record from this activity going back to any stores, Frank's Nursery, Venture Stores, Montgomery Wards, Strawbridge & Clothier, and most recently, Albertsons. Thus far, we have received cash proceeds of 5x our original investment in Albertsons and there is more to come.  In reviewing a large and diversified portfolio, I believe that we are relatively well positioned to face any economic headwinds. We are Home Depot's largest landlord with 45 locations. And principally, they are a ground blessing, what they have addressed it in the buildings, and we have leased the land to them. We are the largest landlord of Costco, where consumers are buying more and more.  We have over 140 TJX stores, 71 Ross stores, off-price retailers that are benefiting by the value-seeking consumer. By the way, last night, Costco, Ross stores and TJX reported excellent same-store sales. And I take comfort that our contract brands are below market in many instances. My own view is that if you own real estate, and it is leased and marketed or below. If you are in the real estate business, to the extent that rents are above markets, you were in the mezzanine lending business. We like the real state business better. The investors are looking for safety and yield and the demand to own hard assets in the United States is such that in my opinion, cap rates will decline.  Now this November is the 20th anniversary of our IPO, but in fact, we have been active in retail real estate for 30 years before that. We have been through many cycles of changes in the marketplace. And it's interesting to look back and reflect on our performance, compared to other asset class. The recent analysis showed that funds matured 6.1% from 1991 to 2010 on an annualized basis. Both had annual returns of 7.2% in the same period. The S&P, 507, 7.7% and oil 8%. The REIT index was up 10.5 annually, and I am proud and pleased that since our IPO in November '91, our annualized total return has been approximately 13%. We all work hard to continue to outperform. We have a great team that's committed to executing our strategy.  But I thank you and we're delighted to answer any questions you may have.
David F. Bujnicki: Audrey, as Mr. Cooper said, we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Steve Sakwa with ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Glenn, I was wondering if you could just give us a little more detail. The same-store NOI number trended down a little bit this quarter, I realized it can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. But also I know that there were some bad debt that might have played a role in that. Can you just may be give us a little more detail on the same-store? And also, we noticed that the straight-line receivable number came down by a couple of million dollars, and I'm just wondering if there's anything that you guys are doing differently as you reserve for tenants?
Glenn G. Cohen: Can I take that one, it's the last bastion of financial data that I have in same-store NOI. So, yes, this quarter was affected to a slight degree by the Borders and A&P bankruptcies kind of a marginal effect. The straight-line rent receivable was really more the consequence of some of the sales that we had in the quarter. So those are really are the 2 drivers.  Bad debt, again a marginal improvement year-over-year and that's reflective of really where the economy and our experience has been. But as you know, historically, if you look at it, we're a very conservative posture on the development and establishment of the reserves. So we're not going to have any really wild fluctuation in our bad debt from period to period. We also had a pretty good comp when you look at last year. So you put all of those factors together, that was really the driver. There are a lot of small things with respect to the same-store NOI changes quarter-over-quarter, nothing that's of any headline though.
Barbara M. Pooley: I think there was on [indiscernible] include in it. Yes.
Operator: Next we'll move to Nathan Isbee at Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just, David, can you just talk about how the hotel portfolio has performed over the last 3 months? And what your expectations for NOI are in 2012? And I know it's a little early, but probably if you can talk about the trends there.
David B. Henry: The trends continue to be very strong including the last 3 months of the REVPAR continues to increase high single-digit year-over-year. And we believe 2012, the EBITDA will be back to the levels that was right before we bought it. So we still feel very good about what's going at InTown Suites, and I will take a minute just to remind everybody, it's roughly 1% of our assets. It's performing very well. We have a great management team headquartered in Atlanta. And we're confident that we will sell this portfolio to the right buyer at the right time.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up on the acquisitions this quarter. There was 2 JV where you bought your JV partner, one in Corpus Christi, one is in Pensacola. Are those assets that you just bought for your portfolio or this positioning them better for sales, given that they are not in the top 20 limits that you've been targeting?
David B. Henry: Yes, in one case, Nate, we actually bought the underlying fee. So the leasehold position of the property that we had for many, many years. In the other case, it was part of the margin portfolio in Albertsons, also some third-party real estate, we had owned a part of it. We had managed it previously. So we found an opportunity that made sense. So we already had an economic interest in both of those assets both previously.
Operator: We'll go next to Christy McElroy with UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Mike, just going back to your comments about the decline in the personal savings helping to fuel our consumer spending. Is this something that worries you going into 2012? Is it an unsustainable trend. Is this something that retailers are talking about at all? And if we do sort of hit a breaking point and see a pullback in spending patterns, how quickly do you think retailers could pull back on new store opening plans? So basically, how sensitive are they to changes and trends this time around?
Michael V. Pappagallo: Well, first, Christy, you know that I worry about everything, one among thousands of things. But yes, it is concerning and I think behind some of the comments that we made is that we continue to look around the corner. We are worried about the sustainability of the recovery from the fact that there really isn't a lot of true wage and income growth. Now as that translates into retailer plans, the other point I tried to make was that, their growth again is being what I'd call, strategic. It's very smart, they are not opening stores just to make numbers. They're very cognizant that spending patterns can change.  That's why, it's the least, in our portfolios, we were seeing much of the growth coming from the value-conscious shoppers, we're looking at our tenant base, who was appealing for that value conscious-shopper. In some cases, it's about existing strong retailers who were trying to capitalize on existing markets or enter new markets where others might have fallen apart.  So I don't think you're going to the see retailers stop on the dime, if there are turned down drifts with respect to consumer spending. They factored that into their plans, I think they're being very careful in terms of how they approach footprint growth and new store openings.
Milton Cooper: I just wanted to add one thing. Our population grows like 3 million a year. So close your eyes and visualize a city with no retail of 3 million people, and also visualize that there are no new malls being built. So where does that growth have to come from? Retailers of the non-mall sector. So you are bound to have enough growth just from that sector, so I think we will see both.
David B. Henry: I'll just add one more too. The national retailers that we talk to, the plan their store count many years in advance. They allocate their capital budgeting many years in advance. There is a momentum to the store expansion plans that are pretty locked in, we see no evidence of any pullback at this point. And as Mike points out, many of the retailers in our portfolio are these very strong discounters that are growing by 100 stores a year well into the future.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Jay Habermann at Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Dave, you mentioned being somewhat cautious on acquisitions and clearly cap rates are still tight. Can you give us some update in terms of what you're seeing, I guess, in core retail for the core versus the value add and maybe difference in pricing that's transpired in the last couple of months?
David B. Henry: There really is a big difference between very high quality shopping centers in what they call either gateway or prime market and just about everything else. For those very strong core properties in these primary markets, cap rates have dropped down below 6%, it's really quite amazing. And it continues to be very strong demand for other centers, even if they're good properties in secondary locations, cap rates are good 100 basis points higher, I would say. And there continues to be a lot less demand for secondary markets and any assets are considered be assets.
Operator: Next we'll move to Quentin Velleley at Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Michael Bilerman speaking. And I could've told you long before the investment that Canada was going to be the pillar of strength.
David B. Henry: That's why we went there, Mike. [ph]
Unknown Executive: Just a question as you think about growth going forward, M&A and obviously the buyers or retailers for real state has been a good contributing factor to Kimco's growth over the last couple of decades. How much do you see that playing a part as we move forward in consolidation both on the REIT M&A front, but also the retailer front?
David B. Henry: Well, we continue to explore opportunities both are tough in this environment, M&A pricing is difficult as Milton has pointed out over the years, you end up paying for their investment bankers, their lawyers, your bankers and their shareholders want a premium and all that. And many of these M&A targets have made it through this great recession, if you will. They've solved their liquidity. There's no urgency or pressure of them to sell the company. So there's not a lot of opportunities on the surface, although we continue to evaluate them as they come up. In terms of retailers, which is you're right, our core strength of Kimco, we continue to look at opportunities. These things come in very lumpy, if you will, Albertsons and Montgomery Wards and they're generally big deals, and they're difficult to predict.  Also the number of retailers that actually own their own real estate is a diminishing number. Many retailers are solely leases and it's much more difficult to find value creation opportunities in a portfolio of leases than it is owned stores like we were able to do in Albertsons.
Milton Cooper: And to finish that off, Michael, that's why although we can't predict that future, one school of thought is just less about M&A and accumulation of assets, which needs to be carefully considered in the future environment where e-commerce becomes more prevalent, and maybe in our case more about diversity through international growth, continued to utilize the investment management model to gain better returns on an existing U.S. real state and again focusing on those top 200 properties that have the most organic growth. I think as we look at it today, that's basically the recipe for us as opposed to and after the cumulation of this core group of assets.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Maybe just a follow-up for Glenn. You talked about guidance for next year being preliminary, but you mentioned the sale of non-retail and potentially InTown Suites and acquisitions and dispositions and FX having an effect on the numbers. Maybe you can just broadly outline, obviously, with Intown Suites being like 12% FFO yield, those things could be dilutive. So I'm just trying to understand what sort of baked in to this $1.22 to $1.26, related to those activities that you mentioned in your opening comments?
Glenn G. Cohen: Sure, no problem. By the way, InTown Suites is like 20% FFO yield, not a 12% FFO. So to your point, it will have an impact when it does get sold and we have part of this preliminary budget, assume that it would get sold by the end of the second quarter. So it has -- that's part of why we have the variance in the range.  We put in some preliminary numbers such as monetizing roughly $200 million of the non-retail assets and they are earning assets. So they have an impact, we continue again the recycling programs. so we have estimated around $150 million of further sales, so the timing of those acquisitions and then the dispositions, they're going to come into play. I think the biggest driver, when you look at it, is what we expect to happen on our total retail shopping center portfolio.  In there, we see somewhere between 3% and 5% growth. And it's really going to come from the upside of leases that we've signed that haven't come on board. The continued lease-up of Mexico, and so we feel pretty good about where that's going to go. However, I will tell you, we have not finished all of our detailed property-by-property budgets, and that's where we'll be able to give a better indication about what same-site NOI growth will be, and where we really expect occupancy to be, however, we do feel that they will be positive.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right, and perhaps in sales, FFO will be higher.
Glenn G. Cohen: Correct, yes.
Operator: We'll move next to Paul Morgan of Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a sort of a follow-up, I guess. You said you haven't done the bottom-up to get to same-store NOI. But kind of that said, is there anything that you see from the non-U.S. portfolio that would lead you to think that it won't be driving the combined same-store numbers, up meaningfully again? Obviously, it's going to double once you include the Canada and Lat Am in there. I mean, is that looking good as well on a preliminary basis for next year?
Glenn G. Cohen: On a preliminary basis, again, it does look good. However, we have to be cautious somewhat about what our currency impacts are. The Mexican pesos vacillated quite a bit during the year and it does have impact on those earnings. But overall, we do expect continued lease-up, significant lease-up in the Latin America portfolio.  Mike had mentioned just coming online of a large Chile project. So those are up kind of built in already. But, again, we still need all the bottom line property-by-property details to really give a fair estimation of where we think occupancy and same-store NOI growth will come from.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Then a quick follow-up, I think you mentioned -- I heard you say that you're working on another 30 or so projects, in terms of redevelopment, is that right?
Glenn G. Cohen: Yes, the 30 are things that we have on the drawing board, currently under evaluation and it cuts across the entire U.S. portfolio.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I mean, is there any way you could characterize that? I mean, what a total investment would be or are they sort of anchor additions or anything more substantive as a rule?
Michael V. Pappagallo: If you wanted a preliminary -- a number, Paul, the combination of everything that we have in the pipeline, including those, those various phases whether it's entitlement, under evaluation, active, and as we think about redevelopment as well as complex leasing strategies and out-parcel, probably the total tab is about $300-plus million. But again, I caution about saying that is the number, because some of these deals, some of these concepts will fall by the wayside and be replaced by others. So hopefully, that'll just give you a perspective, of that one point in time, what our regional leadership is looking at in terms of value creation and footprint addition.
Operator: We'll go next to Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard C. Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: With more properties coming in to the Mexico portfolio, and obviously that expanding, but then some of the metrics, it looked like in the quarter maybe leasing spreads, couple of others were not as strong. I'm wondering what you're thinking, what your expectations are for NOI pick-up in that portfolio and whether you see the same enthusiasm from retailers -- you ask retailers, I guess, for Mexican assets?
Glenn G. Cohen: What I would say to you, Rich, in terms of those leasing spread metrics, you're dealing with a very small, a finite population and a  certain of the centers has been influenced by competitive factors at certainty of those locations. So we won't shy away from the fact that for a subset of the Mexico portfolio, that comparable spread positions are lower.  But in the broader context, there's a significant amount of the Mexico NOI is coming from, in effect, first-generation space, still we feel comfortable that the absolute numbers will increase according to our plan. And I'll let Dave answer, but I still see no diminution in the interest of both U.S. and Mexico retailers to invest in these locations.
David B. Henry: As the #1 champion of Mexico around the table here, I can tell you we still feel very, very strong about what's going on in Mexico. If anything, retail interest is accelerating. We recently talked to Bed Bath & Beyond, they're jumping in with both lead in Mexico. Wal-Mart continues, as I mentioned this before, to open one store a day in Mexico. Home Depot, we just did another Home Depot deal and in Mexico. And you have the Mexican retailers now accelerating their expansion plans, it's a grocer that's well-capitalized and expanding greatly. The economy is strong underneath, as I mentioned.  So if anything, we see some momentum in Mexico coming out of the recession, notwithstanding the headlines the order of violence and things like that. The basic case for Mexico remains strong. There's only 1,000 shopping centers in Mexico for 100 million people versus 100,000 shopping centers in the U.S. for 300 million people. So it's a very different situation down there and over time, it should help us. And we are able to get leases, we cannot get in the U.S. with percentage rents with cost of living escalators and things like that. So we still feel very good, and we believe it will drop a fair amount of income -- incremental income into our earnings next year.
Barbara M. Pooley: I think the thing to remember about the metrics in Mexico is that the leasing structure are really small -- a number of leases really small square footage, that only lasts 2 to 3 years. They're experiencing a small negative, what we don't put into the Mexico same spread numbers as just like Dave mentioned, is things like all of the cost of living increases annually on all the anchor tenant. So it's a little bit of a misleader when you look at the leasing spreads in Mexico.
Operator: We'll go next to Alex Goldfarb at Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Dave, just a question for you. You've been quite active and vocal on the Internet tax. Just sort of curious just given the law of unintended consequences and regulations that Washington has put out that end up affecting business in ways that hadn't been foreseen, is there a concern that by advocating sort of a national tax or that Internet people pay tax that somehow there's some unintended consequence and that it hurts retail as opposed to helping it?
David B. Henry: Well, let's clarify. Nobody is advocating a national sales tax. This is a sale -- a state sale collection issue. So there are 44-some states that have a state sales tax. All we're advocating, and I'm particularly vocal, because I'm serving one year as Chairman of the ICSE is for a basic level playing field out there. It is blatantly unfair that our tenants that pay us rent and pay real estate taxes have to collect state sales taxes and the Amazons of the world do not.  And it has a significant impact, in some states, it's 9.4% in terms of the state sales tax. University of Tennessee has a great study out showing that states are going to miss out on some $23 billion of sales tax revenue, because of the growing online sales where they do not collect taxes. So in my mind, it's a fairness issue. It's a tax revenue issue for the state at a time when most of these states are under pressure.  And quite frankly, it's also a job issue for every $1 million of incremental sales on brick-and-mortar retail, it adds roughly 4 jobs to the economy. For every $1 million of Internet sales, it's less than one job. So it's a big difference and worth the good fight. Now there's, 3 different bills in Congress, 2 in the Senate and one in the House, so this thing is gaining momentum, but it has nothing to do with a national sales tax. It simply will empower the states to force the online retailers to collect the sales taxes that are already due and payable by people. And people buy books from Amazon, and Amazon does not collect the tax. They're still required under state laws to pay the tax. They just don't, and technically, if they get audited, they're forced to pay penalties and interest. So it's pretty clear to me and most of us in the shopping center business that this thing should be corrected.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I didn't to say national sales tax, I meant just making, imposing or mandating that the Internet folks collect tax, and I appreciate that I think you said small business would be exempted. But it seems like retailers are increasingly coordinating their strategy so that bricks-and-mortar and online works together, so that people can shop one place, pick up at another or return to bricks-and-mortar. So it almost seems like just naturally, the bricks-and-mortar guys have a clear leg up, because they can offer full service, whereas the Internet only don't have that advantage. So that's why I'm surprised that they'd be losing sales as opposed to gaining.
David B. Henry: I think you're right, over time it will all merge, including the fact that Amazon will be forced to collect the sales tax. And you may see Amazon open bricks-and-mortar stores themselves as they try to take advantage of a dual strategy. I mean, just look at Apple, Apple's success with their stores. They used to sell almost everything online. They now have huge success by going to the brick-and-mortar stores.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Cedrik Lachance at Green Street Advisors.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: When you talk about small shop leasing nowadays, I think the national tenants are mentioned more often than not. Is it where you spend the bulk of your time trying to court national tenants to go to small shops? Or do you still spend a fair amount of your time trying to mom-and-pop retailers to sell small shop space?
Glenn G. Cohen: We, at the level of effort and in energy is dedicated to both is just how you approach it. Our regional president and their teams that have very strong and deep relationship with the national retailers. So I'll use the word, easy, but the ability for us to make deals resolve problems, understand their growth plans and get things done is really -- starts at a very high level and very efficient.  The majority of our leasing teams are focusing both directly and through local brokerage sort of the local brokerage community to emphasize and focus on small floors, the mom-and-pop, the smaller national franchisees, et cetera to try and solicit and to make some headway in the small store category. So clearly, Cedrik we're not biased, one way towards the other. It's just the realities of the marketplace that it is tougher in the economy and in this environment. To gain a lot of traction, particularly in the mom-and-pop.  So that's why a lot of our strategy, the bottoms-up assessment of what properties, that's longer-term sustain power versus those that do not. And I think if one looks into our non-strategic shopping centers, I don't have the information at my fingertips. But you probably see that these small store occupancy is even lower than the 81.x percent that we report on an overall basis. So that's a consideration as well in terms of, which property to keep versus, which property we ultimately want to exit.
Cedrik Lachance - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: And staying on the mom-and-pop theme there, Mike, when you think about the appetites for new space on the mom-and-pop retailers now versus, perhaps, a year ago, how would you gauge the difference and their perception and their desire to increase their footprint?
Glenn G. Cohen: Actually, I have Paul Puma here with us who is President of our Southeast and Florida region. When I say Florida, you certainly know he is the front and center in terms of small store activity. So Paul, perhaps you could answer Cedrik's question?
Michael V. Pappagallo: I'd be happy to. Thank you, Mike. I think the answer to that question is improving. I'll just use Florida as an example. I think that the glut of tenant vacates and the move-out and request for rent reductions are not as significant today as they were a year ago. So I think we're seeing slow growth in many of our markets, consistent growth, stabilization of rents, and an improvement in occupancy.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeffrey Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess maybe to build a little bit on an Alex's question. Dave, I know percentage rents are a material part of your story per se, but I'm curious how do you think lease clauses, pertaining to percentage rents, more so over time in the retail industry to address the reality that consumers are changing, they're buying returned goods and they could purchase online, but return in your stores. And similarly, retailers really seem to be more focused than ever on margin rather than unit growth and store sales. I'm just wondering if you think that percentage rent clauses -- your historically distributing on unit level of sales might not really kind of capture what's going on in the store anymore.
David B. Henry: Well, let me take a stab at this. I mean, in the neighborhood and community shopping center business, there are not a lot of leases with percentage rents, we're just very different than the mall guys. I think in the U.S., less than 1% in the U.S. We just happen to be getting it in Mexico because we're early and we have a little bit of a pricing power.  I expect over time we will not be able to negotiate for percentage rents. As an example, we have some older Wal-Mart leases that we first hit in Mexico where we were able to negotiate for percentage rents, our new Wal-Mart leases, we do not get percentage rent. So I suspect the percentage of leases where we're able to negotiate for percentage rent will gradually decline in Latin America and will remain very, very small in the U.S.  So for our particular business, neighborhood and community shopping centers, we don't see it as a significant factor in terms of our revenues. In terms of the complexity for mall landlords, they are already playing this battle, about not being paid percentage rent for sales that are indirectly done in their stores. Because these stores are used as return vehicles for things purchased on the Internet and exchanges.  So it becomes very complicated, and I think you talked to Bobby, Tom and Billy or David, Simon, they can go into it a lot more, but it is a growing issue for the mall issues on exactly how they could collect their percentage rent from mall tenants.
Glenn G. Cohen: I'll just add one quick thing, Jeff, that on the ground, in terms of day-to-day lease negotiations, to Dave's point, percentage rents are never that big a deal as a percentage of rent clauses. What we find from time to time though is we're negotiating with our retailer arm wrestling in terms of the rent as we're settling on or rent that we think is below market, but we believe in the center. Then we'll introduce the percentage clause, if the retailer does prevail in their projected sales level. With that, we see it more as an upside and not as necessarily a negative side, because we're both nonrepliant on those closed right now.
Jeffrey J. Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And I know it's small, but every bit counts and it's just a shift in industry. Actually if I can ask one just second question is, how do you think about net absorption per space? Specifically in your U.S. portfolio over the next few years, because again a lot of retailers are opening stores, but they're also downsizing and closing older, larger format stores. So maybe the -- I know you and other folks talk about unit growth, but I'm wondering if that's really the right metric for measuring retailer expansion plans, I'm just curious how you think about that.
Glenn G. Cohen: Well, and just looking at the recent history. What you've seen is certainly significant positive absorption on anchors or 10,000 square foot involved and what you had, to echo Paul's comments, is a couple of years ago, a bloodbath in terms of the small space and now it's stabilizing. It's a bit of standoff, but there is a positive churn. As we move forward, I mean, we clearly as different retail formats begin to think and actively pursue a downsizing strategy and the footprint strategy, it will become a deal-by-deal, side-by-side assessment of how we can, in effect, fill in the excess space.  And that, in turn, depends on, which of those retailers or regional retailers or national retailers are growing. So the example, which we've done in a couple of cases is working with Best Buy, and they are downsizing. They substracted about 10,000-plus square feet in couple of our locations and we put in Ulta Cosmetics who is a growing retail chain, and we're able to satisfy that.  Now that's not going to happen in all of the cases, but I think in terms of leasing, the big box, the big-box retailers who may be downsized to a certain extent, it's going to be filled by most retailers that are growing. And the small store, it will be more driven by the economy in general than any other that I mentioned.
David B. Henry: And we do have industries that are still growing. I mean, we've talked in the past about the restaurant industry, casual dining and fast food. There's a lot of growth in there as people continue to eat out more and more. So maybe electronics is shrinking and having more of a direct impact from the Internet, but the restaurant business is growing. To throw a compliment, Rich Marseilles, I mean, we love his study that shows currently on a survey of the 2,200 national retailers, I think, they're going to open somewhere around 72,000 new stores over the next 24 months. So to us, that means there's probably going to be net growth, even though some of the store prototypes are smaller.
Operator: The next one from Jim Sullivan at Cowen and Company.
James W. Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: First of all, I'd like to make a comment to really to Milton and to congratulate him for the anniversary and the track record. I think all of us in the industry owe him a debt of gratitude for being a pioneer of this phase of the REIT industry and how he's conducted himself over the years.  Secondly, I do have a question. And the question that relates to your disposition strategy. You still have this 9% of the U.S. portfolio that's in your nonstrategic column, and I'm curious how you think about the process of disposing of these, whether it's a selling them in 1s and 2s or small packages as opposed to doing a large portfolio transaction. Some of your peers both in the sector and outside of the sector have done some large portfolio transactions in the past year, and I'm curious how you assess the efficiencies and the pricing alternatives that you get if you do a transaction like that.
Milton Cooper: Well, you make a good point. In our case that we have a significant number of assets and the effect on our rents is -- and we started was only 10%, so really what that tells, Jim, is that a lot of this kind of first evolution is relatively insignificant properties that take a disproportionate amount of work and markets that we may not have much of a presence. So because of that, it has been somewhat of a one deal at a time as we pursue local operators. That's been the primary way to get this done.  We haven't made any decisions about exiting broad slacks of markets or in particular cities or things of that nature. That said, in addition to the one strategy, we have been entertaining a couple of scenarios whereby we will put in multiple properties into a package. We're evaluating a couple of those and pursuing with a couple of potential buyers. Again, it will be on a relative basis, it's small, because again we're only talking about properties that equate to 10%.  I think the message I'd like to bring out though is that, this for us is a first evolution of trying to remove some of the high end number but smaller impact type of properties. This notion of recycling and reconsideration of a particular property and long-term viability is going to be a continuous process for the company as we move forward. And what might be a property that's, because of the particular circumstances, we may consider strategic or in good shape, the changing dynamics of a given market or sub-market, may cause us to think differently in 2 years. So this will evolve and continue, but at this point, for stage 1, as I call it, we'll probably continue to be on a one-off or small package base.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Bujnicki for closing remarks.
David F. Bujnicki: Thanks, Audrey. And a final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thank you, everybody, for participating today.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Raymond Edwards -  Michael Pappagallo - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Glenn Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee David Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Robert Nadler - Operating President of Central Region David Bujnicki - Senior Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley David Wigginton - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG Cedric Lachance - Green Street Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc. Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to Kimco Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Today's event is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker, Mr. Dave Bujnicki. Please go ahead, sir.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Felicia. Thank you, all for joining the Second Quarter 2011 Kimco Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer, as well as other key executives, who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management’s hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future, which are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website.  Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we will request that you respect the limit of one question, so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue, if you have additional questions, and if we have time at the end of the call, we will address your questions. With that, I now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David Henry: Good morning, and thanks for calling in today. While worrisome clouds remain in the U.S. and around the world, ranging from the European debt crisis to continued U.S. challenges in housing and employment and deficit spending, the U.S. economic recovery continues its positive momentum, and the retail industry is once again, expanding. A recent RBC analysis is particularly encouraging, as it notes that it's research base of 2,200 retailers planned a total of approximately 73,000 new store openings over the next 24 months. This is expected to translate into increases in effective rents, occupancy and leasing spreads in our industry.  At Kimco, we are very pleased with our second quarter results and we believe that they represent solid and steady progress on our key 2011 objectives. Increasing occupancy is just under 93%, same-store NOI growth exceeding 3%, and positive leasing spreads of 2.1%, all combined to show very solid second quarter portfolio of vital signs.  Mike and Glenn, will provide further details. But overall, we are confident and optimistic about the balance of the year and our full year operating results. Permit us to take one final vow for completing the sale of the Valad bond at a price exceeding our basis. That done, we are turning our full attention to the disposition of the InTown portfolio, as InTown represents the last major piece of our non-retail portfolio. While no bidder achieved the minimum pricing level established by the joint venture partnership in the first round of bids, 3 potential purchasers are still fully engaged in due diligence and are trying to reach the necessary price level. We are also encouraged because the InTown portfolio itself continues to improve dramatically in terms of RevPAR growth and EBITDA metrics.  On an annualized basis, the portfolio EBITDA is now within 6% of its prerecession high, and our annualized FFO return exceeds 20% on our equity investment. The InTown portfolio, like the rest of the extended stay industry, is experiencing some substantial rate and occupancy increase.  In addition to the possible sale of the InTown portfolio this year, we anticipate the sale or repayment through refinancing of an additional $75 million of non-retail investments over the balance of the year. As a result, our non-retail portfolio should finish the year at less than 4% of our total gross asset through property sales, refinancings, partner buyouts and the conversion into pari passu joint ventures.  The retail preferred equity portfolio has also declined from 297,000,125 properties to 136,000,081 properties over the past 18 months. With respect to new business, we continue to acquire high-quality retail properties in our core market, in a deliberate, patient and disciplined manner. So far this year, we have closed on 7 properties, totaling $165 million for both our institutional joint ventures and our own portfolio. Additionally, we currently have a firm pipeline of 10 additional property acquisitions, totaling a further $190 million.  Internationally, Canada is performing wonderfully, with portfolio occupancy of 97%, strong currency, low mortgage rates and continued U.S. retailer expansion into the Canadian market. Illustrating this trend, our RioCan Kimco joint venture owns 9 Dollar stores, of which 8 will be converted to new Target stores, and one will become a new Wal-Mart store. Ed Sonshine and his team did a terrific job in negotiating these transactions, and converting 9 out of 9 Dollar stores in our joint portfolio. Bravo, Ed. In Mexico, we are also benefiting from a strengthening currency, and making good progress in leasing our new retail development. We even approved our first new project this year, a small development project in Mexico City, 94% pre-leased to Wal-Mart. Despite the violent headlines, the Mexican economy is strong, with 2011 GDP growth expected to exceed 4%. The unemployment rate is 5.4%, and the country has added 400,000 new jobs so far this year. U.S. and Mexican retailers are both expanding, and leasing activity is finally increasing in small store space, which has been very soft for the past 2 years.  Overall, we remain committed to our strategic goals of improving our portfolio metrics and financial results, while selling in a measured way both our non-retail assets and selected nonstrategic retail properties. And then using the resulting proceeds to acquire additional high-quality shopping centers in our core markets, and reducing leverage over time.  Now I'd like to turn it over to Glenn to discuss the details of our quarterly results. And then Mike will provide an operations overview, and Milton will then close with his perspective.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Dave. Good morning. The positive results produced during the second quarter are a continuation of our progress toward our strategic objectives, which Dave has just articulated. As we reported last night, recurring FFO per share was $0.30 for the second quarter, compared to $0.28 last year. $0.30 level excludes $0.02 or $8 million of noncash impairment charges attributable to the disposition of certain nonstrategic retail assets and $0.01 or $4.6 million of nonrecurring income, primarily related to the monetization of certain non-retail assets, including the Valad convertible bond we have previously announced.  Our recurring FFO, which increased 5% from last year was fueled by positive NOI growth of $11 million or 7.5% from the shopping center portfolio. About half of the growth was from acquisitions and incremental growth from our Latin America portfolio, as lease-up continues, and the other half from organic growth in the U.S. portfolio, with all our regions beating our plan for the quarter.  Now although not included in FFO, we did sell 3 other nonstrategic retail assets, which produced gains of $4.7 million. We will continue to focus on recurring FFO, which excludes both nonrecurring income and noncash impairment charges.  As Dave mentioned, our key shopping center operating metrics: occupancy, same-site NOI and leasing spreads were all positive for the quarter. Occupancies for the combined portfolio without regard to ownership percentage increased to 93.1%, up 30 basis points from last quarter and 30 basis points from a year ago.  Looking just at the U.S. portfolio, occupancy reached 92.9%, up 40 basis points from last quarter, and up 50 basis points from a year ago.  Same-site NOI increased 3.1% from the combined portfolio, including the U.S., Canada and Latin America. The U.S. same-site growth was 2.6%, representing the fifth consecutive positive quarter to this metric. Leasing spreads were also positive, with an overall 2.1% increase from new leases, renewals and options. Mike will provide more color on that portfolio in just a moment.  Our previously stated capital recycling program has also gained momentum during the quarter, with the disposition of 11 nonstrategic assets providing proceeds of $48.5 million. Those proceeds were quickly put to work with the acquisitions of 2 fully-owned assets, and one property in a joint venture. The gross acquisition costs was $75 million subject to an aggregate debt of $43 million on 2 of the property. We are currently in contract negotiations to sell 10 other nonstrategic retail assets and actively marketing over 40 other properties.  We remain comfortable with our target range of $150 million in nonstrategic dispositions for 2011. We continue our focus on the monetization of the non-retail portfolio, which now stands at just over $600 million, and we expect several other non-retail preferred equity investments to be liquidated by the end of the year, providing an additional amount of $75 million.  Our balance sheet metrics strengthened further during the quarter. We ended the quarter with net debt to recurring EBITDA at 6x, compared to the 6.3x at the beginning of the year, a level we expected to achieve by the end of 2012. Our liquidity position is in excellent shape, with over $1.7 billion of availability on our credit facilities and our capital plan is on track, and with less than $90 million in maturities for the balance of the year, we do not foresee the need for a public capital raising in the near term.  With regard to the joint venture programs, we have been successful in refinancing the maturing debt in the various ventures. We have closed on 8 mortgages for $147 million in proceeds, and have another 4 expected to close in early August, for another $70 million at rates ranging from 4.68% to 5.79% of 10-year money. Although spreads have widened recently, mortgage financing remains available at attractive rates from insurance companies, commercial banks and CMBS.  As for guidance, as we have attained recurring FFO of $0.59 per share for the first half of the year, we are comfortable reaffirming our recurring FFO guidance range of $1.17 to $1.21 per share. Again, this guidance range does not include noncash impairments or nonrecurring income.  Similar to last quarter, assumptions in determining guidance include occupancy improvements of 50 basis points by year end, same-site NOI growth of 1% to 3% from the combined portfolio, incremental contribution from the Latin America portfolio of approximately $8 million, and additional acquisition activity with dispositions in the latter half of the year. This guidance range incorporates the recent impact resulting from the early repayment of Valad and Whiterock bonds. One last point, yesterday, we declared our quarterly common dividend of $0.18 per share. We continue to have a conservative FFO payout ratio of approximately 60%.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Michael Pappagallo: Thanks, Glenn. Good morning. We are, obviously, quite pleased that the direction of the shopping center portfolio is making, as evidenced by the array of portfolio metrics recorded for the quarter. The improvement on occupancy, the continuation of positive same-site NOI results and the stabilizing leasing spreads, not only reflect the shifts in shopping center fundamentals over the past year but also, the outstanding efforts of the Kimco organization.  By now, the takeaways from the shopping center convention in May, have all been reported and analyzed by the research and investment community. But nonetheless, it bears repeating that demand from national retailers continues and remains strong, and the absence of new supply has improved prospects for filling existing second and third generation space. The appetite to expand is most notable for the smaller format users, including franchise-based businesses and national chains such as Anna's Linens and ULTA Cosmetics, each of whom are looking to double their store count over the next 2 years.  Yet despite this healthier environment, it seems that there are always clouds that confront retailing and in turn, challenges for shopping center owners, and this period is no exception. There's no shortage of the question about the effect of online retailing on brick-and-mortar space, the trending for smaller footprints for many box retailers, the difficulty of mom-and-pops to access credit to form and build new business, concerns over cost inflation and the potential impact on operating margins in the second half of the year, all overlaid by an uneven recovery, stubborn unemployment and even scarier reminders of the people in Washington running this country.  There are no silver bullets to solve these issues. To deal with the challenges, our approach is simple: invest in and extract as much value from our core group of assets that have the greatest ability to generate stable and increasing cash flows in any environment; find external opportunities that have similar potential; and eliminate those assets that in our judgment have more risks than rewards over the long term.  In the U.S. portfolio, I am particularly encouraged by the number of value creation opportunities starting to percolate from our existing property base. In addition to the projects that are active, we are seeing an increase in opportunities in the evaluation stage, as well as situations where the key anchors leases have been signed, and the approval and resultant re-merchandising process has begun.  For example, I'm sure you've all heard us talk about the potential in our portfolio in the New York City borough of Staten Island. The redevelopment of the Richmond Avenue site with a brand-new Target store and an overhaul of the rest of the center, will begin construction later this year after 2.5 year of planning and entitlement process. At another location in the northern part of the island, we signed a lease with Stop & Shop for a new 55,000 square-foot store, filling the existing big-box vacancy in the center and absorbing the balance of the vacant space. It's a very long approval process in New York City, but the plan calls for an opening in early 2014, and will include a complete upgrade in renovation of the center.  In yet another center, in the southeast part of the island, a potential redevelopment of the center is on the drawing board and targeted upon the expiration of the anchor tenant's lease, an anchor paying $2.26 in rent, about 6 to 7x below market. I call out these 3 relocations as the type of opportunities we're seeing in our core markets. Similar projects are on the drawing board in Palm Beach Gardens in Live Oak, Florida, Farmingdale, New York, Columbia, Maryland and New Bedford, New Jersey.  And while the redevelopment stories are the most interesting, core leasing activity and creative approaches to increase ancillary income sources are being applied across the entire portfolio. And that's where I feel our superb operating team will make a big difference. We're making investments right now at sophisticated, energy management systems to reduce site operating costs, as well as pursuing revenue through programs such as the solar program, with 3 locations online and 3 others approved.  Being nimble and responding to mix changes will be critical to be successful. A recent ICSC publication pointed out that only about 2/3 of shopping center space consists of pure retail use and adding on the restaurants, brings that up to about 79%. Leaving about 1/5 of space occupied by non-retail uses.  I point that out as service tenants for nontraditional use can be an important part of a successful center. And our tenant relations and portfolio review program will be increasingly focused on franchise, service, medical and other nontraditional use to make sure all bases are covered.  On the exit side of the equation, the program to dispose of nonstrategic shopping centers has begun to pick up speed. In addition to the 14 properties totaling 1.2 million square feet sold through the first half of the year, as Glenn mentioned, we have another 10 under contract negotiations. And no surprise, the profile of these assets is markedly different than our strategic pool. The aggregate of assets sold and under contract since we kicked off this process last year, has had a composite occupancy of 81%, an average base rent of $8.21, and demographic statistics that are anywhere from 10% to 25% less than the corresponding statistics for the strategic portfolio. While not an overnight process, I'm confident that this program has the commitment of the entire company, and will demonstrably change and enhanced the quality profile of the portfolio.  There's still a lot of work to do but interestingly, the opportunity to increase earnings and operating cash flow and consequently, value not only comes from executing on the individual asset strategies in our core shopping center assets, but also the dislodging of low-yielding assets on the balance sheet. Those certain assets accumulated at the last market peak, as well as some of our shopping centers assets during the development cycle, primarily in Mexico, but also a few properties from the vestiges of our former merchant building business. This opportunity, either by increasing the operating yield of certain assets, as well as recycling out of unproductive assets can be an additional source of earnings growth in the future.  Milton, final comments?
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. Well, Dave, Glenn and Mike have covered a great deal, so I'll be very, very brief. When I reflect on the quarter, the word that comes to mind is quality. Quality of property is in quality of people. The quality of a shopping center is tied at the hip, with the ability of the center to generate a sustained and growing cash flow.  The historic results of our portfolio of property showing growing same-store NOI from tenant, selling essential nondiscretionary items, all from tenants that have strong credit and occupy spaces under long-term leases. The quality of our people is a source of great pride to me. Working with our associates, we see their passion for the business. Our regional presidents are solid energetic entrepreneurs and managers.  Dave, Mike and Glenn have been with Kimco a long time. Dave has been with us, for over 11 years, and I have the opportunity to work with Dave for many years before he joined Kimco, while he was at GE Capital Real Estate. Mike, has been with us for approximately 14 years. And Glenn, for 16 years. You may note that I have been at Kimco for a somewhat longer period. So I am confident with the quality of our people and our portfolio, and I know it will result in growing cash flow. Growing cash flow leads to increase share value and that is why we are here.  And with that, we'd be delighted to entertain your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to JJ Habermann (sic) [Jay Habermann] of Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It's Jay Habermann here, everyone. Just a question on the InTown Suites portfolio, you mentioned the 3 potential purchasers at this point, and EBITDA, that's pretty close to where it was going back in time. So I guess at the peak of the cycle. Can you give us some sense of your expectation for the second half of the year?
Michael Pappagallo: In terms of the EBITDA or in terms of getting the sale done?
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Getting the sale done.
Michael Pappagallo: We remain somewhat optimistic. The first round bids, as I mentioned, did not come to that minimum price, but they weren't that far away either. So we're hoping to get one of these 3 bidders up to that minimum pricing level. And we're hopeful, what is particularly encouraging as I mentioned though, at the property level, it's doing better every single week, and we're of course, immediately, giving that information to these 3 bidders, to try to get them to that price. So there's no guarantee we'll get there, but we're going to be patient about it. And in the meantime, the FFO we're throwing off, is very impressive.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And how close are they at this point to your minimum level?
Michael Pappagallo: 8%, 9%.
Operator: We'll go next to Christy McElroy of UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: I just wanted to follow up on Jay's question. To what extent, if it all, have the financing markets impacted demand for, in terms of the overall sale process of the InTown portfolio? And what's your sense for how price or market demand for hotel assets have changed over the last 3 to 6 months? I'm just trying to get a sense for the process and what the biggest challenges have been.
David Henry: Well, taking your second question first, I think the market for hotels have picked up dramatically. People recognize it as a hard asset that you can reprice everyday. And with the hint of inflation down the road, hotels have come into favors, especially when you can buy way below replacement costs. You are seeing a lot of activity in the hotel sector. And now, it was driven in my opinion, first by the opportunity funds, rather than the hotel companies themselves, as they move to come in at low prices. But now you're seeing across-the-board demand. In terms of the availability of financing, that's also increased. Although I will say, lenders, in general are leery of hotels and they underwrite very conservatively. And they're not going to be aggressive. And I doubt this is the place where the CMBS market is going to focus as it comes back. But there is financing available especially for the stronger companies that are buying hotels.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: What gets the bidders to sort of your minimum level? Is it an overall improvement in fundamentals or incremental improvement in fundamentals? Or is it incremental improvement in financing markets?
David Henry: It's probably, a combination of both. What we're hoping is they look at this hockey stick trend that we're seeing at the property level. And for the first time in years, we've been able to push rate as well as occupancy. So driving that RevPAR now is proven rate demand. I'll just give you, since we've had a couple of questions on InTown, I'll give you an interesting anecdote. We're seeing a pickup in demand as AT&T and Verizon spend literally, billions of dollars building out their cellular network. And so all these construction workers that are doing them are staying at InTown Suites and other extended stay facility for months on end. And this is the type of tenant that we need to be able to drive rate. So it's encouraging.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeffrey Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: I guess it is to Glenn or Mike. Concerning your 2011 guidance of 1% to 3% combined portfolio of same-store NOI. I think year-to-date, you're up just shy of about 2.5%. So what do you see on the horizon that would cause your full year same-store NOI assumption to come in towards the low-end of your NOI guidance?
Michael Pappagallo: The only reason why we dialed back and we kept that low end is because we have the immediacy of the Borders bankruptcy and liquidation. So in the short term, that will take a nick out of occupancy and cash flow. We are confident that with respect to the Borders locations, which prior to bankruptcy we had 16, that they will be filled in due course. Interest and activity has been quite good. We're very pleased with the level of interest from various box units and the like. But in the short term, Jeff, it may take a little bite out of the range.
Operator: We'll go to David Wigginton of DISCERN.
David Wigginton - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: A topic that seems to be gaining momentum, and has come up on recent mall conference calls, is the demand for space the mall operators are seeing from traditional big-box retailers. I guess, to the extent that this is occurring in your markets, can you maybe talk about the competition from malls for these types of tenants? And what your strategy is in response to that competition? And maybe just provide us with an idea of how big of a potential threat that is to your business in the short to medium term?
David Henry: Well, we have Rob Nadler, President of our Central Region on the phone. And, Rob, if you can just give a perspective because your portfolio obviously has many box retailers involved. And just maybe some assessment on what you're seeing in the competitive landscape in terms of malls.
Robert Nadler: Mike, are you guys hearing me?
Michael Pappagallo: Yes.
Robert Nadler: All right, terrific. David, I think what's occurring in the mall arena is the lack of development of outdoor retail, strip retail, is forcing the retailers in the boxes to be more adaptable and more flexible than they ever have been before. Now that's playing out very well for our ability to backfill and our success in backfilling our boxes. These guys, I think, will be first to tell you that their preference is still going to be the convenience and the low cost of being outside and not attached to the mall. But I think that they're, in some instances being forced, so to speak, to look at the mall as an expansion vehicle with the lack of new construction going on. But the costs of operating within a strip and power center format is by far, the superior way for these guys to continue to look to grow. And as reported early, our lease-up of our second-generation boxes has been very brisk over the last 12-month period. So I think it's more a function, it's probably happening more outside our core markets, more in the secondary market than it is in the core market. Because for the most part, in the core markets, the malls have held up fairly well, they don't have the type of vacancy to be able to attract the big boxes.
David Henry: And I would just add one perspective. There's roughly 800 malls in the United States, and depending on how you define the neighborhood, the community shopping centers, there's somewhere between 50 and 100,000, the neighborhood and community centers. So it's not -- even, if every single mall has the demand, it's not going to change the dynamics of our industry.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Schmidt of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: I was wondering, when we think of leasing spreads, especially just your results in the second quarter. Do you think they're going to improve going forward from that level, kind of hold at that level, or weaken somewhat in the second half?
Michael Pappagallo: Craig, I think, what we have continued to see is a continued improvement, a forward march on negative territory, trying to get it to positive territory. If you look at the new leasing spread on a full 100% peak level, we are positive or rather it's slightly negative. But point being is, we are definitely moving away from a very, very tough environment. And we're starting to see continued improvement in terms of renewal and even in leases. In quarterly reporting, there's always going to be those situations, where there could be a big tick up or a big tick down because of a particular lease. And I'm sure with some of the box vacancies, with Borders coming, that not every damn lease is going to be signed at a higher rent. But the overall trends, if you map it out from where we were in '09 to where we are today, I think you're seeing a continued upward momentum and that trend line, I think will continue, and particularly as we get into '12 and early '13.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then that's true for big boxes, the heavy in-line space?
David Henry: Clearly, for big boxes, and I think that reflects the demand, the supply-demand, the balances that you just heard from Rob, and you've been hearing from many of the strip center operators over the past year. Small ticket leasing, as we've all talked to that, is still tougher. But more and more is being isolated to certain geographic regions. The last to recover in Kimco, we are seeing some improvement. But parts of Florida are still tough, parts of the West Coast and Vegas, are still tough. So it's really the mix equation, but even on the small ticket leasing, I think, you're starting to see rehabilitation from where we were a year and a half, 2 years ago.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: You guys have been involved in a lot of retailer liquidations one way or the other. And I just want to get your thoughts, maybe on kind of what we would expect from the Borders lease dispositions, and whether you may expect -- apart from kind of the direct exposure that you have in your portfolio, where you may expect a period where there's a pause in the market as retailers look at the opportunities from the 250, 300 or so new full-line stores that are out there, and implications for kind of the second half there.
Michael Pappagallo: I don't see that the additional vacant space being put on the market with the Borders bankruptcy and liquidation is going to materially change the dynamics that we're experiencing in the marketplace. Many of -- the same users, the same retailers that we have been talking about, now are expanding and are looking for a new space, they're viewing this as opportunity. So many of those box retailers, that we gave names of during the Linens and Circuit bankruptcy, are similarly looking at the Borders boxes. There's even that new contingent, I mentioned, ULTA Cosmetics as an example, where they may take 10,000 to 20,000 square feet. There are some opportunities for us on single-store Borders to demise and split the premises and put in 2 users. Point being is that, I don't think the marketplace is going to be adversely affected or there's going to be any significant change in the dynamics because of this additional space in the Borders bankruptcy. It all still comes down to the better locations and what the relative supply and demand dynamics are in a given market.
Raymond Edwards: Mike, I would just add one thing. I think there's some retailers that have been waiting for this to happen. So I think it's something that's building up for 6 months. You have people like Barnes & Noble, do a one-year extension with us, I think, looking for opportunity for Borders and things like that. So I think you've already have some buildup and some of these retailers waiting for this to happen, so that will be positive.
Michael Pappagallo: That comment came from Ray Edwards, who runs the Retailer Services business. And he's well-schooled and well-known in the bankruptcy world.
David Henry: And one final comment, I think you've seen retailers that now that there are some nice location becoming available, taking another look at their expansion plans and increasing those expansion plan, somebody like Container Corp -- somebody like Container Stores, is an example of a company that's going to do more this year because of the availability of these prime locations, they're coming available. So we don't expect this to be a big overhang on the market.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: Do you think you'll end up optimizing many of yours that are something?
Michael Pappagallo: So far in terms of the relative interest we've seen, no. A couple of pick me up situations.
Operator: We'll go next to Alexander Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: Just a question, with all the recent headlines about private REITs and some of the scrutiny they've been receiving on their valuation metric. Just curious if you guys see an opportunity to expand more wealth management relationships, like the one you have with UBS? Do you think that the transparency that the public REITs provide, provides an opportunity for you to do more UBS-type ventures?
David Henry: Well, it certainly highlights the attractiveness of doing a problematic joint venture with a public REIT and an S&P 500 REIT, blue chip REIT, so we would say, yes, it certainly enhances our ability to grow the Investment Management business. But as a REIT, we hate to see this publicity that's happening on the private REIT side.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: But do you see more wealth management franchises seeking out partners such as yourselves?
David Henry: Not an immediate demand. As we've mentioned in prior calls, the demands so far has really come from foreign pension funds and foreign insurance companies, as well as domestic institutions like that and sovereign. Well, we have not seen the private of wealth people particularly increase their demand. It's going to take a lot to wean financial planners that are getting 7% or 8% commission away from that private REIT model, in my opinion.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P.: That doesn't sound surprising.
Operator: We'll go to Rich Moore of RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: My question is actually a follow-up to that question. Could you give us some color on the overall interest from partners on the equity side of things? And how that may have changed in, say, the past 6 months? And maybe who some of the most important partners are today in terms of interest in committing new joint venture capital?
David Henry: Yes. The trend continues in terms of increasing amounts of interest by these life companies and pension funds in getting back into real estate. What has amazed me is how quickly all of them exited 2 years ago, and how they see the benefits of real estate, being a hard asset, being a cash-yielding asset that is far better as an alternative than corporate bonds or U.S. Treasuries or other things. I mean, we can provide a pretty, say, 6% to 7% reasonably leverage yields for these institutions. So we see it every day in terms of inquiries. Our challenge is finding the products because pricing has increased the levels where it's difficult for us to justify joining some of these very frenetic bids. We're trying to be disciplined and we're trying to be patient, and trying to be very selective in what we buy for our own account and for our institutional partners. But the demand side is strong.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And, Dave, where would you say, geographically, that money is coming from? I assume it's international for the most part. But what is the source specifically? Or maybe broadly of where that's coming from?
David Henry: Well, on our particular case, we have Canadian money, we have Israeli money and we have German money coming through a Swedish bank, SEB. So those are 3 foreign sources that are active as we speak. I'm sure other REITs have other foreign sources. But if you think about it, their currency buys a lot today, in terms of U.S. dollar assets. They're looking at this as a particularly opportune time to buy U.S. real estate because they can get a lot for their money, and they're still buying at below replacement costs at a time when inflation may be coming back.
Operator: We'll go next to Cedric Lachance of Green Street Advisors.
Cedric Lachance - Green Street: Just going back to small shop space for a little bit. Mike, can you give us some details in regards to some of the various drivers on small shops that you're absorbing? So when you think about demand from the mom-and-pops, and demand from national retailers. And perhaps, touching a little bit on the financing environments as well for the mom-and-pops.
Michael Pappagallo: Well, I think -- to the point, Cedric, is that the mom-and-pops really have not recovered all that much. We're seeing some very slow improvement in some areas. But really, that's not where we're seeing the thrust of small store interest. If you want to, say, less than 10,000 or less than 5,000 square feet, however you want to play it. Where we're seeing a lot of the interest is from more of the national chain, from franchise, franchisees, franchise stores, everything from the Five Guys Burgers to the auto parts dealerships, et cetera, that are really driving some increased demand for small store available space. I don't think you're going to see a lot of mom-and-pop robust increase in space demand for a different period of time. And that's what the point I was trying to emphasize, about the improvement, it becomes a gradual improvement in small store leasing, is really coming from national and regional and franchise operators than it is for mom-and-pop.
Cedric Lachance - Green Street: And from a rent perspective, does changing the type of rents you're able to change -- to charge if you have more national retailers? Or are we still in an environment where it's difficult to gain pricing power on small shop rents?
Michael Pappagallo: It's, of course, it is market and property specific. But because of the relative expansion trends of the smaller users, I would not say that rents are being severely pressured in that regard. It comes down to what space you're trying to fill and the dynamics of filling a small store space in a center in Las Vegas, versus a center in Long Island are dramatically different. And I think that's reflected, not only in the occupancy levels but also, in the leasing spread level. It is a bit of a binary situation depending on the market. That said, overall, really, what I was trying to convey, on an overall basis because of the increase in that relative interest in demand from the smaller national users, I'm somewhat optimistic that we, over time, can get that small ticket vacancy up.
Operator: We'll go to Michael Miller of JPMorgan.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: I was wondering if you can talk a bit more about the difference in the rent spreads on the gross basis and a pro rata basis. I think it was 2.1 or2.7 versus minus 1. I mean, is there something in there that's a bit of an anomaly? Or is it a function of the process of getting rid of the nonstrategic assets, and that's going to help to close the gap, or is it something else ?
Michael Pappagallo: Michael, it is purely a mix calculation in terms of where leases were signed and what centers, and what our respective ownership interest rates are. I hate to say it, but it's more math than anything else. And the reason why we wanted to provide, why we provide gross levels with increasing frequency these days, to give you an overall perspective of where the portfolio dynamics are going. The pro rata information is provided, so you can do your math and your financial model that relates to the effect on Kimco. And that's really it, there's no hidden meaning in those 2 numbers.
Operator: We'll go to Vincent Chao of Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG: Just wanted to touch base on the nonstrategic retail sales. It sounds like you got some stuff that's in the market, and I just wanted to get your commentary on whether or not that increasing interest is translating into better pricing on those types of assets?
Michael Pappagallo: I would offer that, overall, pricing has improved to some extent, I think that's just the reflection to some degree of the market, and that's even starting to open up a little or less than 8 property. That said, as we've talked about in previous call, some of the properties that we are looking to exit are shop structural problems, severe vacancy, et cetera, and we are looking really and finding per pound buyers, so you really can't apply that broad statement to these very specific issues. So in general, yes. But I think there are certain situations that are always going to come outside the normal market channel.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then just a follow-up on A&P, has there been any final list that's come out of them? I thought they were supposed to make some decision by the end of this month?
Raymond Edwards: A&P has basically got an extension until the end of the year, to make decisions on what they're doing. They are trying to reorganize the company, it's really 2 major things they have to do. One was to get a new supply agreement done with C&S, which they have done. And the second part of it is to negotiate a new agreement with the union. And they are in the midst of doing that. And they're hopeful they'll get it done and with that, they feel they can exit bankruptcy. But it's beyond our -- yes, still at the end of the year before that will be done.
Operator: We'll go next to Nathan Isbee from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: As you look at the box leases you signed over last year or so, can you just quantify about how much of those leases and associated NOI have yet to come online? And maybe as an extension, how much will take occupancy in the second half of the year, and how much will slide into '12?
Michael Pappagallo: I would often say, as a general matter, I'm going to guess half and half between time designing and when lease rental income starts to flow, and that's just an estimate based on kind of the normal time in terms of turnover of space and tenant fit out before you go open the business.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, do you have any data in terms of small shop leases in the centers, where you have recently replaced dark boxes versus the rest of the portfolio?
Michael Pappagallo: Could you restate the question, Nathan?
David Bujnicki: [indiscernible] how is that helping the small shops here.
Michael Pappagallo: Absolutely. The question is if we are filling a dark box, is it helping small space, absolutely.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Do you have any data in terms of differences between those centers where you've replaced versus that you have not?
Michael Pappagallo: Not in our fingertips, no. But just in looking at the small ticket leasing, which if you recall at the end of the year was at 81.6, went down 81.1, now back up, 81.6. A lot of the traction that we gain has actually been at those centers, where they're reopening of the box and choose the box. I don't have specific statistics, but we know that's where the chronic vacancy was for the most part, anyway. So that starts to pick up a little bit. But there's still plenty of room to go.
Operator: We'll go to Quentin Velleley of Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: Just coming back to the joint ventures, I know in the quarter that Big did another joint venture asset acquisition with you and late last year RioCan bought in the U.S. I'm just curious, could you talk about what -- you're sort of hearing from RioCan and Big in terms of their interest in expanding the existing joint venture relationships in a lot of sort of way U.S. asset values have gone?
David Henry: Well, 2 very different philosophies, and RioCan can obviously speak for themselves. But they're interested in primarily, Texas and the Northeast, these are 2 markets that they're focused on growing their investment in the U.S. They like those markets, and they look for either portfolios or individual transactions, where they can grow that footprint. The Big Israeli public company is more national scope, and they're probably willing to have just a tad lower of quality in exchange for higher, higher yield, RioCan really is focused on very, very high-quality stuff. Whereas Big has been more flexible in terms of the quality of footprint. But each of the institutional investors we have has a different profile of exactly what they're looking for. Some want leverage, some don't want leverage. Some want certain sections of the country. Some want power centers, some don't. So it's really our job to match the opportunities that we have with the right institutional investor, and that's what we've been trying to do. But both of those 2 in particular continue to aggressively look for acquisitions in the U.S.
Operator: We'll go to Christine McElroy of UBS.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: It's Ross Nussbaum here with Christy. I have a question regarding Borders. Specifically, did you look at bidding on any of the stores? Was there any value to the leases? I remember back to the days of Kmart and Montgomery Ward and just wondering if there was any opportunity here.
Raymond Edwards: Typically, with Montgomery Ward and the others are lot of fee on properties as well. And Borders is strictly leased properties. And typical Borders lease where landlords put a lot of TI allowance into their coffee shops and things like that. Basically, drove a pretty high rent, that is not a lot of spread. Also, what's going to happen here is because of how [indiscernible] works, really other than another bookstore that wants to buy this location, a landlord will have a right to say, yes or no. So the other user will have some control over who takes our space and some very narrow who can take a Borders' location without having to pool with the landlord to do a deal. Unlike the other leases where there are -- any legal users okay. Here, it's very restrictive. So 2 storeys properties and things like that.
Michael Pappagallo: So if you were looking to buy the lease, the lease of Borders, you have to think of all those considerations from a purchaser's perspective and having to deal with the landlords and the restrictions thereon. So all of those factors that Ray just mentioned didn't make it economically viable to do that.
David Henry: And our history has been driven by buying fee on properties. So if you look at our opportunistic purchases at Albertsons and Montgomery Ward, we were really dealing largely with fees.
Michael Pappagallo: And even a user like Books-A-Million, withdrew their bid looking in the complexity.
Operator: We'll go next to JJ Habermann (sic) [Jay Habermann] with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Dave, a question for you on Mexico. You sounded much more optimistic I'd say this quarter versus what we've heard in the past. So can you give us a sense of perhaps, timing to stabilize there to achieve the 90%?
David Henry: A, you're right. I personally, am feeling better as we see some small shop, the leasing activity pick up. That's been the one negative we've been fighting for almost 2 years now, since Mexico is so tied to the U.S. in terms of the economy, while the Wal-Marts of the world continued to grow rapidly in Mexico. And I think I've mentioned several times, they opened one store a day in Mexico, in many different formats. So while that's gone unabated, the small shop until recently was very slow. We have our own internal stretch targets that, that's getting to 90% which is probably within the next 12 months. But more formally, I'd say realistically, 18 months to 24 months away until we get to a full 90% occupancy level. And what we've been doing, you're seeing some of our official stats weaken in terms of occupancy. Because under our rules, we add these newly completed properties into the basket, if you will, and this drag down the occupancy even though our total occupancy for the whole portfolio is now I think [indiscernible].
Glenn Cohen: It's 81%.
David Henry: It's 81%. So the way some of us are looking at this, we look at all of our shopping centers in Mexico, and quarter-by-quarter, it continues to climb, and we feel good about that. And then as I've mentioned, we feel very good about the long-term prognosis for Mexico. The economy is doing quite well, manufacturing activity is strong related to both auto and aerospace, oil is obviously a big plus for Mexico. Rising consumer demand, less than 1,000 shopping centers in Mexico compared to 100,000 in the U.S. and so forth. So all of those stuff bode well for us over time. And the fact that every single one of our leases has a cost of living increase annually in those leases, is also helping us long term as well.
Michael Pappagallo: And we've got the added benefit of the currency lately.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then just switching back to the U.S., maybe for Mike. On the space that's been vacant more than a year, where are we in that process? Has most of that been addressed at this point, or just what remains there?
Michael Pappagallo: In terms of re-leasing spaces that's has been vacant more than a year?
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, the sort of non same-store space in terms of leasing stats.
Michael Pappagallo: There continues to be certain boxes that have been vacant for many year. I think you're talking about both space that's been more than vacant, more than a year being absorbed, clearly, not the case.
David Henry: Again, if you focus on our biggest space, we're 96%, 97% leased. So the bigger boxes are not the challenge for us. The challenge for us is the stuff under 5,000 square feet, and they were in the lower 80% and moving upward, and for us, we think that's great upside. So the big boxes are not the focus.
Michael Pappagallo: Maybe, Jay, what's behind your question? So that we can understand it.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: The portion of leasing essentially that was non-same-store in the most recent quarter. I guess, the sense of how that's going to trend going forward? If you think about the leasing going -- from here going forward?
Michael Pappagallo: I think to Dave's point, there's always going to be some dynamic of that to continue that non-comparable space being leased up. But it's really going to have to be in the small ticket arena. Because as Dave has indicated, you're almost at 97% on the big box.
Operator: We'll go next to Samit Parikh of the ISI Group.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc.: I had just a question on pricing power in the small shop leasing. Looking at your supplemental right now, sort of I guess the new leases, signed this quarter look like they're mostly small shops signed in the mid-15s. On your lease expiration schedule, sort of the small shop leases expiring next year are around $20 a foot, how comparable is that space essentially? Is it apples-to-apples? And if that's the case, are you guys sort of that far away from where the market is of your expiring small shop leases?
Michael Pappagallo: It's not apples-to-apples. That's the issue because you're just dealing with a different inventory, because it's national. You're going to have different locations maturing at different times and that will change the mix. However, we still know that the small ticket leasing is still more pressured relative to the big box in terms of leasing spreads. And depending on the market, you could still be down 10-plus percent in certain areas of the country on leasing spreads for the small ticket.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then just last question, for the remainder of the year, what's baked into your guidance for occupancy for NOI loss from Blockbuster and Borders?
Michael Pappagallo: The total NOI point or rent is actually 0.2% of our total rents on an annual basis. So the effect is going to be really de minimis. And we took it out for planning purposes.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group Inc.: And that's Borders. What about Blockbuster?
Glenn Cohen: Same thing.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeffrey Donnelly of Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just a follow up on the modeling question. I guess, 2 parts. The marketable securities portfolio was significantly cut back in the quarter. Is that a one-way change for you guys? And I guess as a follow-up, can you talk about the interest dividends on the income line in the back half of the year? Because in Q2, there was a sort of a $10 million nonrecurring pop, but I'm wondering if given in light of the direction of that security portfolio, should we expect they'll be meaningfully cut back in the back half of the year?
Glenn Cohen: Yes, well, the marketable securities, the size of the portfolio is only about $40 million today. The biggest item obviously was the Valad convertible note, which is gone. And we had obviously -- in our original guidance, we weren't planning to sell that until sometime, actually having mature back in 2013. So as I mentioned, in the guidance, we had to take that into account. But in terms of where we are, I mean, there's a small amount of securities that's left. So we don't plan to grow that at all. As a matter fact, you'll see it continues to decrease as we go further in the year, as another bond matures later in the year, that we have to take off. And in terms of the interest, there's another investment income. There is a little bit of a pop this quarter from the distribution received on a private equity investment where we had virtually no basis. So that's part of the nonrecurring flows that we pulled out anyway. And so you'll see that number come down a little bit.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference call. At this time, I'll turn the conference back to our hosts.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Felicia. And a final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks for participating today.
Operator: That concludes our call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Pappagallo - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Barbara Pooley - Chief Administrative Officer and Executive Vice President Glenn Cohen - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Milton Cooper - Executive Chairman and Chairman of Executive Committee David Henry - Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Investment Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee David Bujnicki - Senior Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Laura Clark - Greenstreet Advisors Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David L. Wigginton Nathan Isbee James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc. Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Kimco's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker today Mr. Dave Bujnicki. Please go ahead.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Clayton. Thank you all for joining the First Quarter 2011 Kimco Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating Officer; and Glenn Cohen, our Chief Financial Officer. There are also other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management’s hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future, which are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website.  Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question so that all of our callers have the opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue if you have additional questions. And if we have time, at the end of the call, we will address those questions. With that, I now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
David Henry: Good morning, and thanks for calling in today. We are pleased with our first quarter results and believe that they represent solid and steady progress on our key 2011 objectives. With help from a slowly improving economy and renewed expansion activity from our national retailers, our most important portfolio metrics continue to improve with positive same-store NOI, leasing spreads and renewals.  Mexico also made an important contribution as our combined portfolio of both existing and newly completed shopping centers achieved an 80% aggregate occupancy level and leasing activity accelerated.  Overall, we are particularly pleased with the increase in our recurring FFO over year-ago levels. While the economy remains fragile with weak employment and housing levels, the recovery has achieved critical momentum in many respects.  Retailers are growing again, and there's virtually no new development activity. Excess space is being slowly absorbed, and rent levels are improving in many markets. Mike will go into the specifics, but we continue to be optimistic about our full year property level results.  Subsequent to quarter end, we completed the sale of the Valad convertible bonds to Blackstone. And as a result, we reduced our non-retail portfolio to just over $600 million. We're only 5% of our total assets. We will continue to decrease our non-retail assets in a measured and disciplined way.  On a parallel course, we also continue to make progress in reducing our portfolio of retail preferred equity investments through property sales, refinancing, partner buyouts and conversion to pursue joint ventures. The preferred equity retail portfolio has declined from $297 million and 125 properties to $156 million and 91 properties over the past 15 months.  Our earnings release also outlined new business activity. And without again listing the specific individual transactions, it is important to note that we are again actively acquiring properties from third parties for both our institutional joint ventures and our own portfolio.  So far, new business has come in the form of one-off transactions, but we also continue to evaluate portfolio opportunities. The market is clearly heated for high-quality retail properties, and we, together with our institutional partners, are being disciplined and patient. With our large portfolio, long history and many relationships, we are confident we will continue to have success adding excellent retail properties to our portfolio on an accretive basis.  Forgive me for again closing by repeating our 2011 priorities: continued improvement in our key metrics, occupancy, same store NOI and leasing spreads; achieving stability and lease-up of our Latin American property portfolio; reducing our non-retail investments and selling our non-strategic retail properties; growing in a measured way by acquiring high-quality retail properties in our core markets; and further reducing our debt with a target net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 6.0 or lower.  Now I'd like to turn it over to Glenn for highlights of our quarterly financial results and then Mike Pappagallo will provide details on our property operation. Milton will close with his perspective.
Glenn Cohen: Okay. Thanks, Dave, and good morning. I would characterize the activity and the results for the first quarter as further confirmation of our team executing the strategy that we presented at our Investor Day last September.  As we reported last night, recurring FFO was $0.30 for the quarter, which excludes a $0.02 charge for non-cash impairments related to the disposition or impending disposition of certain non-strategic retail assets compared to $0.28 last year.  Now we are all aware that FFO requires the inclusion of impairments in FFO but ignores the gains on sales of operating properties. As we go through the process of disposing of the non-strategic assets, we expect we will have our share of gains and possibly further losses. However, whether included in FFO or not, we remain focused on recurring FFO, which excludes non-recurring income as well as non-cash impairment charges.  Recurring FFO came in at $121.2 million for the quarter compared to $115.6 million last year, an increase of approximately 5%. This increase was primarily driven by improved operating profitability from our shopping centers, delivering increased revenues and net operating income, including results from the Mexico portfolio, which exceeded our first quarter budget.  Our occupancy for the combined portfolio without regard to ownership percentage was 92.8%, up 20 basis points from last year. Looking just at the U.S. portfolio, occupancy stands at 92.5% without regard to ownership percentage, up 40 basis points from the year ago. We are now providing disclosure on our supplemental package for same-site NOI growth, Canadian and Latin America operations, which produced same-site NOI of 1.7% on a combined basis. Our U.S. same-site NOI increased by 1.1%, representing the fourth consecutive quarter of positive results for this metric. Leasing spreads were also positive for the quarter.  We continue to make progress on the disposition of the non-retail assets. Subsequent to quarter end, we sold the remaining investment we had in the Valad convertible bonds to Blackstone for AUD $165 million.  At the time we reached a binding agreement with Blackstone, we entered into a foreign currency forward contract to lock in the exchange rate back to U.S. dollars. We received just over USD $169 million plus the accrued interest through the closing date. We will recognize non-recurring income of $3 million for FFO purposes from this transaction in the second quarter.  In addition, our CAD $10 million bond investment in Whiterock was paid off at par in April, yielding a non-recurring gain of approximately $1 million. The early repayment of these investments will impact recurring earnings by approximately $0.03 for the balance of 2011.  We're pleased to report the non-retail investments are down to just over $600 million as compared to $1.2 billion at the beginning of 2009 with more than half of the remaining balance attributable to the urban assets primarily in New York and Philadelphia and in our investment at InTown Suites, which we are currently marketing.  Our capital recycling program is also underway. Since the beginning of the year, we have sold 6 assets, 4 of which were non-strategic retail assets, for gross proceeds of approximately $36 million and debt repayment of $11 million. We have over 40 non-strategic retail properties that are currently being marketed. Our objective is to raise approximately $150 million from non-strategic asset sales during 2011.  The proceeds from these sales will be used to acquire properties in our target markets. We have acquired 4 shopping centers and [indiscernible] parcels so far this year, for gross investment of $103 million, including debt assumption of $25 million. Our cash investment to date has been approximately $55 million.  On the balance sheet and liquidity front, there too, we have made progress. We finished the quarter with net debt to recurring EBITDA of 6.2x compared to 6.3x at the end of the year and 7.4x at the beginning of 2010. With the proceeds from the Valad and Whiterock bond dispositions, we have reduced the balance of our $1.7 billion revolving credit facilities to less than $80 million outstanding today. Our consolidated debt maturities for the balance of 2011 totaled approximately $100 million and less than $400 million for 2012.  Our revolving credit facilities are scheduled to mature in 2012, but we plan to renew the facilities by the end of this year. Based on our current capital plan and excellent liquidity position, barring a major transaction, a trip to the capital market is not expected in the near term. If needed, the capital markets are fully functioning again with Credit Suisse continuing to tighten. The CMBS lenders are back. Portfolio lenders are active, and the commercial bank market for term loans and revolving credit facilities is operating well.  We are reaffirming our recurring FFO guidance range of $1.17 to $1.21 per share. Again, this guidance range does not include impairments for non-recurring income. Assumptions in determining the guidance range include: occupancy improvement of 50 to 75 basis points by year end; increased same-site NOI of 1% to 3%, which includes the combined U.S., Canadian and Latin America operations; incremental contribution of $8 million to $10 million from the Latin America portfolio; further acquisition activity with dispositions occurring in the latter half of the year; and the impact of the early repayment of the Valad and Whiterock bonds.  Lastly, yesterday, we declared our quarterly common dividend of $0.18. This represents an annualized rate of $0.72 per common share and a conservative FFO payout ratio of approximately 60%.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mike.
Michael Pappagallo: Thanks, Glenn. I'd like to touch on a few areas and move quickly to leave more time for your questions.  As Dave said, we continue to be encouraged by the ongoing positive signs in the portfolio in terms of space demand and stabilizing markets and the consequent effect on net operating income growth and value creation opportunities. And since I'm always advising against reading too much in support of the leasing statistic. I guess that holds true even when the numbers look good.  That said, this quarter's 5.1% jump in new leasing spreads was certainly a positive development, especially as it was driven by major new lease signings from Wal-Mart, Kohl's and Marshalls.  Looking back at the past 12 months, the leasing spread statistic represents a mix of 3 drivers, specifically: large anchor boxes with below-market brands being brought up to today's levels with meaningful upside; second, the junior box category, which had the highest demand but were affected by the roll-down from boxes of specific retailers that went into bankruptcy; and lastly, small shops, which we’re still seeing negative spread result as high rents from the leases of 4 or 5 years ago are being marked at today's levels.  As Glenn mentioned, we had another positive quarter of same-site net operating income and within the range we suggested during our last call. We decided it made sense to bring further clarity to the impact of our primary international activities on NOI performance as non-U.S. shopping centers contributed almost 14% of NOI for the quarter and continues to increase.  The combined 6.7% same-site NOI increased and our non-U.S. numbers added 60 basis points to the composite number. Currency rate changes had a substantial effect on those numbers, but in turn, that speaks to the economic fundamentals relative to the U.S.  There was a modest decline in occupancy of 20 basis points from the preceding quarter from both the pro rata and full basis without regard to ownership. With about half of the drop associated with post-holiday, small-store fallout and the other half related to 2 big-box vacancies at certain non-strategic assets. Year-over-year, however, gross occupancy was up 40 basis points, and that underscores the slow and steady progress in the portfolio.  The quarterly and past year metrics point to, I think, a more important dimension, that being the difference in performance between our strategic and non-strategic shopping centers.  The difference in occupancy is stark: 93.7% for the strategic assets, which was flat from last quarter versus 84.1% for the non-strategic assets, which actually declined by 170 basis points. The combined spread on new leases and renewals was a positive 2% for the strategic assets and a negative 2% for the non-strategic assets with similar gaps experienced throughout the past couple of years. It reinforces to me the program that is underway to shed these underperforming assets over time.  Glenn mentioned where we stand in terms of activity so far, and pruning these assets will become more important in the future so we can focus on value opportunity at our strategic properties.  Overall, the operating environment continues to show slow and steady improvement but again, driven by the relative supply and demand dynamics with national and regional retailers pursuing space, either increasing market share or entering new markets. Rents are slowly rising at the better-quality centers, but capital continues to be a major part of the discussion to capture that new business.  For smaller spaces, much of the demand is coming from franchisees and the reality that mom-and-pops are still struggling. And as we have indicated, regional differences are apparent with high barrier to entry markets such as Long Island, Puerto Rico and our Canadian assets doing well. While other areas, such as parts of Florida and Nevada, are slower to recover economically due to the severe housing bust in those markets.  Likewise, there are varying degrees of operating performance with many of the soft good discount formats, such as T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and Ross, showing improved sales results, while other areas, such as office supplies, are showing decline. Bottom line is that in the face of the uneven recovery and long-term effects of e-commerce on space needs and retailer strategies, the better positioned asset with the best co-tenancy and stronger markets barriers to entry will win the battle.  Since our last earnings call, Borders filed Chapter 11, and Blockbuster announced that it's being acquired by DISH Network. Our exposures are relatively small. At this point, 1/2 of the 16 Borders leases at Kimco owned centers have been rejected, aggregating about 175,000 square feet and about $1.6 million of Kimco's proportionate share of base rents. While that will impact our second quarter occupancy level, we have been active -- have active deals working on 5 of the 8 spaces.  It's too early to give solid estimate of rent levels, and I expect some roll-down from the Borders weighted average rent of $18, but not nearly as severe as the Linens and Circuit City experience.  And with respect to our Mexican operations, we've made it plain that 2011 is an important year in terms of leasing and growth and earnings contribution. As to the first quarter results, so far, so good. The team signed a 175,000 square foot of leases in the quarter, on track to the full year 700,000 square foot target.  For the Mexico portfolio, total NOI increased $3.5 million for the quarter on a year-over-year basis, underscoring the tick-up in the leasing momentum that began in the latter half of 2010.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. I would like to share with you a few observations on Internet sales and its effect on our retail centers. The Internet and eCommerce will continue to have a growing effect on all types of retail users. Key advantages include pricing, partially due to the avoidance of sales tax of many transactions and the convenience to buy goods over the Internet. The largest impact will be to electronics, music, video and bookstores. There will be far less of an impact on supermarkets, discounters, warehouse clubs, off-price retailers, dollar stores, Home Depot, Lowe's, et cetera.  Thus far, no one is ordering lumber on the Internet. Looking at the composition and the diversification of our top 50 tenants gives us some comfort that our exposure to the incursion of the Internet is, on a relative basis, somewhat muted. Our 3 largest tenants are Home Depot, TJX and Wal-Mart. In addition, I believe we are largest land lord of Costco.  Adding to the impact of the Internet, many retailers are trying to become more efficient and are reducing their store sizes accordingly. We have been aware of this trend and have been focusing on some time for new users to utilize space in our centers. As an example, demand for medical space, dental clinics, urgent care facilities, vocational schools, community colleges and entertainment-focused businesses have all been increasing. We are one of the few real estate companies that have attendees at dental conventions, where we encourage new dentists to begin their practices in our centers. There has also been an increased interest by all ages who belong to fitness clubs and, the demand for this space has been increasing.  On an optimistic note, we expect very few new retailer developments in the United States, not withstanding that our population grows by 3 million people a year. At the same time, retailers have an increased appetite for additional space, and this will reduce our vacancies over time.  What is most exciting for me are the Kimco regional presidents and the teams we have in the field. Their enthusiasm is contagious. I want to thank Mike Pappagallo, Paul Puma, Tom Simmons, John Visconsi, Conor Flynn, Rob Nadler, Kelly Smith, Mike Melson and many others. They have great energy, creativity, integrity that will help us achieve our goals.  And with that, we are all ready to answer any rational questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question today from Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Milton, maybe just starting with you in terms of just the small shop space overall. You mentioned, obviously -- or Dave mentioned the continuing I guess negative spreads there. But what do you think it's going to take to stabilize the small shop space? I mean, are you looking for sort of stabilization in the housing market? Is it going to be continued rent reductions or rent relief? And I guess just a separate question, could you give us some sense of the pricing you're seeing for the assets that you have for sale, the non-strategic?
Milton Cooper: Sure, Jay. First, the amount of a local store exposure is relatively small on total basis. The issue in my mind will be the demand will come back when the demand for housing comes back. Housing is such an important part of our GDP. It's furniture, appliances, you name it. And until the housing market is absorbed, I think we will continue to have issues on local stores, because when my housing market comes back, employment will come back. And employment is -- and jobs are necessary for local stores. So that I think that is the issue, and I -- it will take time, but I'm relatively optimistic. In so far as the pricing, we'll ask Dave or Mike.
Michael Pappagallo: Yes. So far, Jay, we've -- in terms of in assets we've sold because of the vacancies, it's a relative loss NOI. It's not been that severe, so it pencils in to about a 6% to 7% cap rate, but that somewhat a false positive, because there have been some vacant centers. Our expectation is that these centers will go anywhere from the 8% to 10% range depending on where they are and the tenant base, which I think underscores the difference between what you've been hearing us and others saying in terms of the higher-quality centers, where they're being priced at, where -- cap rates that start the 6%, are pretty much the norm versus the growing difference between B- and C-quality centers.
Operator: We'll take our next question from a Christy McElroy with UBS.
Christy McElroy - UBS Investment Bank: Last quarter, you gave guidance for U.S. same-store NOI growth of 0% to 2% in 2011. This quarter, it's 1% to 3% for the combined portfolio. Have your same-store growth expectations changed for the U.S. at all? And to what extent do you expect non-U.S. to contribute to the growth rate? I think you said it was 60 bps in Q1?
Michael Pappagallo: Yes, I would comment that in terms of the U.S., we have not changed our points of view and in terms of where we wind up. And then I think that the reason for the change, overall, is simply because by now adding the international numbers, which are going to cause an uptick of 50-or-so basis points, we've ranged it a little bit higher.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: I've just got a currency question. You benefited on the sale of the Valad notes from the strong Aussie dollar and the weak U.S. dollar. And you're obviously benefiting from your Canadian exposure, which you can see in the NOI. I'm curious how you're thinking about the U.S. dollar and if there's a temptation to maybe sell additional assets. Or are you still confident that there's ways that you can structure up deals and you still could be active in investing in offshore markets?
David Henry: Well, I guess my take on the -- weakening the U.S. dollar, again, it makes foreign buyers even more interested in coming into the U.S. market. We've seen a tremendous demand by foreign pension funds and life insurance companies to reenter the market for high-quality retail properties. So in some ways, I think it's going to strengthen the market. I think we remain as scheduled in terms of what we're selling. We have identified a certain number of non-strategic retail assets and they are in the market. And we're hoping between the improving CMBS market and the high demand for hard assets today that are cash flowing, we will do okay on those assets. And Mike, you may want to comment...
Michael Pappagallo: Well, I'll just take it on the other way to Quentin's question with respect to whether the currency shifts are making us change our thinking about growing internationally and increasing our investment. And certainly, it makes things a little more pricey on a U.S.-equivalent basis. But I think as we look at international markets, we're thinking about it for the long term. So currency by itself will not preclude us from further investment. What is precluding us, and I think David mentioned it, often, particularly with respect to Canada, is the expensiveness of the product even in local currency terms and the lack of availability of product. So I think the single important is that we continue, over the long term, to think about increasing our non-U.S. exposure. But everything needs to kind of fall into place, and currency is just one of those dimensions.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Inc: Got it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt - BofA Merrill Lynch: In your earnings release, you mentioned an improvement in the InTown Suites performance. I wonder how would you characterize the NOI relative to peak? How far are we off peak at this point then?
David Henry: I'm glad you brought that, up because I would like to complement the InTown Suites management, because we've seen a tremendous improvement on the operational side, and the team is doing a wonderful job. My rough guess is we’re 5% to 10% lower than the peak levels in terms of the EBITDA on the operations. It's improving rapidly. We get weekly flash reports on the RevPAR, and it really is nice to see it escalating in terms of its improvement. The business is doing very well. To update everybody on the call on where we are in the marketing process, we're in a second round of bidding activity. We'll know more, within the next 30 days, how that is going and how aggressive these bidders are. We will then consult with our partners, and we'll make a decision on going forward or not at that time. What is comforting to us is the revenues that are coming from that investment are producing very nice FFO for us at this point.
Operator: We'll go next to Nathan Isbee with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee: Can you just break out the same-store NOI in Mexico and Canada in local currency?
Barbara Pooley: The local currency in there was about 40 basis points. The currency impact is about 40 basis points of the increase.
Nathan Isbee: So 40 of the 60?
Barbara Pooley: Yes.
Nathan Isbee: Okay. All right.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Sakwa with ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: I guess, Dave, you had kind of touched on my InTown Suites question, but could you just talk a little bit about the timing of some of the acquisitions that might be in the pipeline and just remind us what's in guidance for acquisitions and dispositions for the balance of the year?
David Henry: Sure. As I mentioned, so far, we've been successful acquiring perhaps 1/2 dozen properties so far this year, but the activity has been on a one-off basis. We have a number of lines in the water. We anticipate closing at least a couple more in the quarter. We're in the game on looking at bigger transactions, but there's certainly nothing that we could account on at this point nor do we have that -- a large portfolio in our numbers or in M&A transaction and our numbers. Glenn, what's our total that we...
Glenn Cohen: We targeted for our capital plan to put out our capital, about $250 million, and we had sales, roughly about the same. So on a cash basis, we would net pretty well down south.
David Henry: That translates to quite a bit of buying power if you think about it, because many of our acquisitions are done with institutional partners, and the properties are leveraged. So if you assume a 50-50 deal, 250 of equity and 50% leverage, that's $1 billion of assets for this year, which I think is a reasonable target.
Glenn Cohen: Right. We have laid out on the non-strategic, to raise again proceeds of roughly $150 million. Separately, we had a target of about another $150 million, $200 million on the non-strategic assets. So we're pretty well on plan with that with the sale of the Valad and the Whiterock bonds.
Steve Sakwa - ISI Group Inc.: Then I guess, Dave, are you just -- are comfortable at -- maybe your partners are. But if cap rates are down at the 6% level or the low-6s for high quality, are you comfortable I guess putting $1 billion of yours and your partner's money into this kind of asset at that pricing?
David Henry: Well, we'll see. So far, the assets we bought, they all have a story to it. And the average cap rate has been significantly higher than 6% on what we bought, and the debt rates have been attractive. So we've locked in some pretty good leverage yields for ourselves and our partners. But you're right. We'll have to wrestle with it. What we do look for is more than that headline cap rate. We look at the built-in growth. We look at redevelopment plays. We look at the price per square foot, if you will, whether it's way below replacement cost. So there's a lot of other met and barriers to entry obviously. We look at a lot of other factors besides the headline cap rate. But as I pointed out, the market is heated. We're determined to be careful. If we do $1 billion, we'll do $1 billion. But if not, that's not a problem and will not impact our numbers significantly.
Operator: We'll go next to Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Could you shed a little more color on the Mexico assets. I noticed that the -- there were 4 assets moved into the stabilizers. It seemed to bring the occupancy down quite a bit. And they look like they're big assets. So maybe if you could provide a little color on what's going on there?
Barbara Pooley: Rich, as you remember probably, we start to include the Mexico assets in occupancy after 2 years whether or not they've reached the "90% stabilization". The recession hit Mexico like it hit the U.S. And as we're coming out of it, the leasing is accelerating quite well, as Dave mentioned, in the overall portfolio including the development assets. It's up to 80% total. You're -- so you're continuing to see some impact on occupancy over the next few quarters as we bring some of these Mexico develop -- previous developments into our occupancy number that are not yet 90% or 92% leased up. But we do expect that, that lease-up will get done over the next 18 months so that it will not be a drag on overall occupancy.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, Barb. So the 4 assets, they appear to be big. It's not an issue that they're maybe too big, and you're having trouble leasing those?
David Henry: No. No, I just came back from a Mexico City visit, and I came away with renewed confidence that the Mexico economy is picking up nicely and retailers are accelerating their plans, including all kinds of U.S.-based retailers, people -- and small tenants like Nike and McDonald's. I mean, they're just -- they're accelerating their activity in Mexico as well as the big guys that never slow down: the Home Depots and the Wal-Mart and so forth. So our operating -- our local operating partners are feeling better, and they're coming out of their recession the same way we are and perhaps at an accelerated pace. I mean, GDP is expected to be 5% in Mexico this year, unemployment under 6%. They're adding jobs like crazy. Manufacturing's doing well. $120 oil is obviously helping Mexico. So notwithstanding that headline drug violence, which does have an impact and does have -- international retailers have a pause and have a concern about Mexico. But at the neighborhood level, there is increasing activity, and we feel good about achieving an accelerated lease-up. And obviously, that is helping us to move.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Great.
Operator: We'll go next to David Wigginton with DISCERN.
David L. Wigginton: Just a thing with Mexico. Can you maybe just comment on investor demand there in light of the re-legislation that was passed last year? Have you seen an increase? And have yields come down at all as a result of that? And what is -- and how does that impact your -- I guess your operating strategy in the short and long term?
David Henry: Yes and yes. And well, it remains to be seen at our proper level. I mean, we're basically a long-term hold for Mexico. I mean, you look at our Wal-Mart ground leases with the cost of living increases every year, and you feel good about holding these assets long term, but you're right. There's increasing investor appetite. Cap rates have come down. The Fibra UNO first public offering down there went remarkably well. But I will remind everybody, there was a lot of dollar-based rental revenues incorporated in that, so I wouldn't read too much into that headline, that cap rate, because it wasn’t all peso revenues and retail assets that were effectively sold to the public there. But anyway, it's clear that property values are increasing. Investors are taking another look at all of Latin America for that matter. Brazil, as you know, has attracted, a lot of interest, and now it is spilling once again over to Mexico. And some of the outside institutional investors that paused, if you will, have renewed their interest, and we have been approached in a number of cases to bring in fresh partners in some of our deals. And we may look at that over time, especially if we see new opportunities.
David L. Wigginton: And so this -- Dave, this circling back to your comment about the drug violence there. Is that not impacting the market overall just because of the locations where it is, and it hasn't entered into the local neighborhood yet? Or is there another reason why people are still very optimistic and want to get into Mexico at this point in spite...
David Henry: Drug violence or violent is an issue, particularly in certain border areas, but Mexico is a huge country with 106 million people and growing like crazy. It's got a middle class that's growing. Again, as I said, employment is doing well. GDP is doing well. Most of our centers are -- 95%, I believe, are grocery-anchored neighborhood centers. These centers provide necessities and service-based businesses. People feel very safe and comfortable going to these centers. Almost all of our properties are in closed malls. In Mexico, they're air conditioned. They're pleasant. They're secure environments, and the retailers are doing quite well in general. There are a couple of centers we have, Rio Bravo in particular, which is a center of a current problem, and leasing is delayed on a center like that. But in general, we have so many properties in Mexico, and there's so many towns where the violence is not an issue. It's just not the issue that the newspaper and the TV shows would make it out to be.
Barbara Pooley: I'd like to mention it's somewhat of a U.S. phenom. More -- the European don't necessarily see it as such an impact in tourism, because after all...
David Henry: That's true. I mean, Fox News isn't on the Paris news stations every night. And for instance, foreign tourists in Cancun have not slowed down a bit, whereas U.S. tourists to Cancun have. But again, our sensors are neighborhood focused, and the economy is doing well. And there is a little bit of fear and apprehension by not only the local population but outside investors. And we will not deny that that's not an impact, but it doesn't take away from the fact that this country is the 12th largest economy in the world, headed towards being the 5th largest economy in the world. And somebody like Wal-Mart is opening a store a day in this country.
Operator: We'll go next to Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: I just had a question on the comments about the alternate uses that you're looking for, for some of the retail space as a way to mitigate the impact of the Internet stealing some sales. Can you just discuss what you're seeing in terms of returns on those types of properties at the -- on the actual lease itself as well as on the overall shopping center?
Michael Pappagallo: And to my earlier comment that generally, what we're seeing in the environment, whether it's core retail or whether it's alternative use in that capital requirement continued to increase, retailers and others are demanding more dollars to get into -- to get them into the spaces. So that said, I would not necessarily differentiate materially a retail versus an alternative use just to recognize that it’s both requiring capital. I think the net effective rents, if you want to use that term, has stabilized from where they were from the declines that were being experienced over the past few years. That said, they're still probably lower than they clearly were lower than at the height of the market 4 years ago.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So no discernible difference then.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Laura Clark with Green Street Advisors.
Laura Clark - Greenstreet Advisors: Going back to your comments about non-traditional tenants, how much of the center do you feel comfortable turning to this type of a tenant? And do you have a dedicated team going after these types of tenants?
Michael Pappagallo: Laura, I wouldn't specifically say that we have a guideline or a percentage. It's going to be very locational specific. There are some assets that we have that -- where essentially retail had shifted away, so we have no limitations on putting it to alternative use. There are other situations where we will change our strategy. There's one particular project in Orlando, where it was initially meant to be primarily retailed with some office and kind of a whiff of a lifestyle-ish type center on a smaller scale. But what we've seen is that medical -- our office and medical users have become the dominant force. So we are shifting our thoughts and our strategies. And that conceivably, over the next few years, it could be substantially all medical use, because that's where the demand is. So there are no particular limitations or requirements on that. What was the second part of your question? I apologize.
Laura Clark - Greenstreet Advisors: If you have a dedicated team.
Michael Pappagallo: Oh, a dedicated team. We don't have a dedicated team per se, but what we do have, with respect to our national portfolio, a review program that we have certain individuals who will target and will focus their energies on these alternative uses, Milton had mentioned of medical and the dental users. So we reach out whether those users, whether it's the for-profit colleges, whether it's government users. And we will target our initiatives to try and garner information and reach out to the right constituents to through-put some increased activity and then deliver that information to our regional operating teams.
Laura Clark - Greenstreet Advisors: All right.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: In terms of the increments, the additional investments you're looking at for your acquisitions, could you characterize it in saying you're looking more at community centers or smaller format neighborhood centers? And is there a pricing differential between the higher-quality asset today in each of those buckets?
David Henry: Mike, we couldn't hear you too well, but I think the effective part of your question was the difference between neighborhood and community centers and perhaps big-box centers, and we're seeing opportunities to purchase both. As we've mentioned, we're trying to make sure we focus on the higher quality. In terms of a difference of cap rates, generally, the grocery anchored, especially if it's a high-quality grocer, is commanding a little bit lower cap rate than the big-box centers. In our mind though, that's almost an arbitrage opportunity for us, because we're very comfortable. If it's the best big-box center in a market, it's something worth going after. And to the extent it's trading at a little bit higher cap rate than a grocery-anchored neighborhood center, that's okay with us. I think it is fair to say there's still a difference out there in terms of pricing on the grocery-anchored versus a big-box all else being equal, but I can't emphasize enough that all of these centers are different in so many ways: how much local space is involved; the quality of the big-box centers, the market that it’s in and so forth. For instance, at Long Island, which is a barrier-constrained market, we're very comfortable paying a very low cap rate out here, because the long-term prognosis for rent growth is very good.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Okay, that's helpful.
Operator: We'll go next to Nathan Isbee with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee: Yes, just one quick follow up. Glenn, can you just address the guidance range given the $0.03 of dilution from the Valad sale? What is offsetting that in terms of maintaining your guidance?
Glenn Cohen: Yes. I mean you see the improvement coming really in both the U.S. portfolio and within the Mexico portfolio. So we came in a little bit better than we were expecting and some budget in our first quarter and feel good about where that's headed. So that's the bulk of the offset. There's also some currency benefit that will come on Mexico and Canada that adds a little bit to it as well. So in total, they almost balance out. So we're comfortable with the current range.
Nathan Isbee: So while you maintain your U.S. same-store guidance range, you might be more biased towards the high end now. Is that fair to say?
Glenn Cohen: I think we're comfortable with the current rates where we are, knowing that we're going to have the $0.03 impact from the sales that have occurred. So we'll leave it there for now.
Nathan Isbee: All right.
Operator: We'll go next to Christy McElroy with UBS.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: It's Ross Nussbaum here with Christy. I'm not sure if this is for Milton or Dave or Mike. Can you talk a little bit about Kmart's last years and giving it some unique insights to their operating history. How long, in your experience, can a retailer survive with its store count after seeing a decade of declining sales?
Milton Cooper: Well, it comes to 2 parts. First and foremost, the survival depends on the balance sheet. And what -- the balance sheet of Sears is relatively strong, that's not -- will not offset the fact that their stores have not been attracting the customers, so that I think that they have the ability to hang in for a long time with that balance sheet. They also have real estate that they own at relatively low rents. So I think they'll be here. They have balance sheet. They have market caps. The equity is what rate?
Glenn Cohen: It's $4 billion.
Milton Cooper: It's right at $4 billion or $5 billion, and so they'll hang. But Ross, you know as well as anyone, we have seen retailers come and go, and I'm thinking one of our Sears locations, where we've had -- we have a 5th tenant each time we got higher rents. So we are in the real estate business, and you got to watch what your rents are and how does that compare to market, et cetera. But I think their balance sheet is strong.
David Henry: I would echo Milton. Their occupancy costs are low, so they've got a cushion. And they've got a margin, and they're using that margin.
Milton Cooper: And they're focusing on exclusive brands. They know they can't compete with Wal-Mart or Target, but they have Craftsman, and they have Lands' End. They have Martha Stewart, Kenmore. And I wish they were better at promoting their brands, but they have that as an edge.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS Investment Bank: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim Sullivan with Cowen Group.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: I just have one quick question. Following on the comment you made, Mike, about leasing costs and given all the challenges in terms of some of the tenants downsizing and the changes in use as well as the still competitive small-shop leasing environment, leasing cost per foot in the quarter were a little bit higher than they have been. And I guess, is it fair to say that what you're saying is that we should expect that number to continue to be fairly high throughout the year?
Michael Pappagallo: I would say, Jim, that when you're comparing it say over the past few years, it will be elevated. I can't predict exactly where it's going to go and if it's going to top out at a particular level, but I think you hit the nail on the head in terms of the exit. You know our disclosures that [indiscernible]. Now the difference -- interestingly enough, the difference between now and 2 years ago is that the money needed to be put out, but the rents weren't being paid for it, at least, at this point, because of the supply and demand dynamics that the retailers are in fact paying for that TI. And now even more importantly, it becomes underlying, being -- or analyzing the retailer, their ability to pay that rent over the long term and how that is positioned in the center.
James Sullivan - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Good.
Operator: We'll go next to Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Yes, it's Michael Bilerman. Dave, in your opening comments, you talked a little bit about pursuing portfolio deals, and you also talked about the acquisition market, I guess, getting overheated for higher-quality assets. And I was wondering if you could just flush out sort of a little bit on the portfolio side and what you're doing. And also talk a little bit about the capital that's in the marketplace today and how you're finding sovereign wealth and pension capital and how you're thinking about trying to monetize that a little bit in this environment.
David Henry: Okay, that's a lot of questions built into one. First of all, I'd correct it a little bit. I didn't say overheated. I said heated. So I don't think it's to the point where you want to say you're not a player. Clearly, prices are high, and there's lots of interest in the retail sector again, particularly for the higher quality, and we're now seeing it start to move down a scale. When you finish 17th out of 30 bidders, you begin to look a little harder at perhaps a B market or a B property, so we're starting to see that.  In terms of either M&A or portfolio traction -- portfolio transactions, because of our size and our relationships, we are having an opportunity to take a look at some of these pending things. And obviously, if you are a private owner with a large portfolio, that's considering going public, you're also looking at the possibility of selling that outright as a way to maximize price. And there are -- there is a discount involved in going public, if maximizing your price is where you want to be versus being just a public company with other benefits. You're certainly beginning to show those portfolios out there as an alternative to what the bankers are telling you about going public.  So we've seen some of those in the market, and we have evaluated those. We are wrestling, in some cases, with quality in the markets involved. We've said 2 things: We want to upgrade our portfolio; And secondly, we want to concentrate on our core markets. And so in some cases, the portfolios that we've been shown do not meet that test. And if it doesn't meet the test for us, we don't and we are not comfortable bringing in an institutional partner. But we're very pleased that we're continuing to have those opportunities, and we'll see what this year brings over time.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: And size wise on those? I mean, these opportunities that are coming in, talking in a...
David Henry: There's a -- they are a large range, 5-property portfolios and up, if you will.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc: Okay.
Operator: We'll go next to Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just another question on the urban assets. Can you give us an update there? I know it's just a couple of hundred million but just curious on the process and timing there are well.
David Henry: Sure. And Jay, I apologize, I don't think we answered one of your questions from the first round in terms of our -- the pricing on our non-strategic asset sales. But in general, we're looking at somewhere around 8% to 9% in terms of...
Barbara Pooley: That's answered.
David Henry: Okay. I'm sorry. In terms of the urban assets, it remains part of our non-core portfolio, and we are trying very hard to move those. We're having some progress in the Chicago market and the Boston market. The Philadelphia looks to be longer term.
Milton Cooper: It's fabulous property.
David Henry: Yes. I guess, the bones of the real estate that we have are very good. We're comfortable with them. Many of these properties were purchased as redevelopment plays, and that market just has not come back yet. So it's not the right time to sell them. We do have one or 2 on the market, and we'll see what time brings. But I think you'll see us probably sell our Chicago assets before we sell the Philadelphia assets. But we're determined, over time and at the right price, to move those assets.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And if you win the right acquisitions, what sort of increase in cap rates are you assuming, say, over a 5-year time horizon?
Glenn Cohen: 50 basis points.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. So that hasn't changed at all?
Glenn Cohen: No.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay.
Milton Cooper: The New York assets are fabulous. You have to look at 21st Street and some of them, they really -- I think we bought it right. We'll have a wonderful exit. There's a solid partner there. So I think we will all be pleased with the end result.
Operator: Our last question today will go to Vincent Chao.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Just a quick follow-up on the comments about parts of Florida not doing as well. Are their certain parts that are doing well? And if so, what's really driving that?
Michael Pappagallo: Yes. Our part portfolio in Southern Florida or in Miami is -- has done and continues to do very well. Where we see the most issue in our portfolio is more on the West Coast of Florida, both Orlando as well as the West Coast of Florida, just in terms of housing, in terms of unemployment and where -- disposable income levels of rent. So that's the area that we've had the toughest slog. And it also is reflective of the fact that in that part of the state, proportionately, we have more small-store tenants. And as a consequence of the -- what we talked about earlier, we've had the most fallout in those small-store tenants. But even in that respect, Vincent, things on the margin are getting better, just slower than in other parts of the country, which have rebounded quite nicely, some of the markets I have mentioned earlier.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay. That's very helpful.
Operator: And I'll turn it back over to Dave Bujnicki for closing remarks.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Clayton. And a final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks again for participating. Good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Bujnicki – Senior Director, IR Dave Henry – President & CEO Glenn Cohen – CFO, Treasurer, EVP Mike Pappagallo – COO Milton Cooper – Executive Chairman Mike Melson – MD, Latin America Operations Barbara Pooley – EVP & CAO Rob Nadler – President, Central Region
Analysts: Craig Schmidt – Bank of America Paul Morgan – Morgan Stanley Quentin Vellely – Citi Michael Mueller – JP Morgan Alex Goldfarb – Sandler O'Neill Richard Moore – RBC Capital Markets Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo Nathan Isbee – Stifel Nicolaus Jim Sullivan – Cowen Group Laura Clark – Green Street Advisors Jay Haberman – Goldman Sachs Vincent Chao – Deutsche Bank Samit Parikh – ISI Group Ross Nussbaum – UBS 
Operator: Please standby we are about to begin. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Kimco’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware, today’s conference is being recorded. As a reminder, all lines are muted to prevent background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) At this time, it’s my pleasure to introduce your speaker for today, David Bujnicki. Please proceed, sir.
David Bujnicki: Thanks Lauren. Thank you all for joining the fourth-quarter 2010 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman; Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating Officer; Glenn Cohen, Chief Financial Officer; as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management’s “hopes,” “intentions,” “beliefs,” “expectations” or “projections” of the future are forward-looking statements. It’s important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our Web site. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question so that all of our callers have the opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue and if you have additional questions, if we have time at the end of the call, we will address them. With that I turn the call over to Dave Henry.
Dave Henry: Good morning. Thanks for calling in. Our fourth-quarter results reflect another solid quarter of improving fundamentals and a brightening outlook across the retail real estate sector. A third consecutive quarter of positive same-store NOI and good leasing activity together with continued progress in reducing both our corporate leverage and our non-retail portfolio leaves us feeling very optimistic about 2011. Retail sales have been strong and retailer earnings and balance sheets are much improved. With virtually no new speculative retail development, retailers are becoming much more flexible in terms of looking at existing vacancies and effective rents are increasing, albeit still significantly below peak levels. There continues to be substantial geographic differences across our portfolio, again highlighting the benefits of diversification in our large scale platform. Canada, Puerto Rico and Long Island, for example, have very few vacancies and rents have held firm during the downturn. Other markets, such as Arizona, Southern California and parts of Florida remain soft. Overall, in an aggregate, however, leasing activity and rent levels are improving. With our strong balance sheet, substantial liquidity and multiple large institutional partners, we have selectively begun to acquire high quality retail properties from third-party owners, where the economics are accretive and the locations lie within our targeted markets. We plan to be very disciplined and patient as we evaluate opportunities, but we will definitely win our share of property acquisitions, given our size, longstanding relationships and our reputation for being a reliable buyer. Beginning in the third quarter of 2010, to-date, we have purchased and closed on 10 properties from third-party owners, four for various joint venture partners and six for our core REIT portfolio. The acquisitions totaled approximately $269 million and comprised $1.9 million square feet across six states. We continue to be selective and disciplined about purchasing shopping centers of high quality with good long-term demographics. As noted in our press release, we also continue to make progress in reducing both our portfolio of non-retail investments and our retail preferred equity holdings. Our non-retail portfolio now stands at roughly $798 million, 130 investments, down from $1 billion, 161 investments at the beginning of 2009. We had good momentum with our largest investment InTown Suites, now being formally marketed by an investment banking firm and a number of other repayments expected to occur in the first-quarter. In addition we have received $15 million in principal payments on the Valad convertible bond together with interest payments as scheduled. With respect to our retail preferred equity portfolio, over the past year, we have reduced the amount and a number of our retail preferred equity investments from $297 million and 125 properties to $158 million and 92 properties. This has been achieved through a combination of property sales, refinancing, partner exchanges and conversions pari-passu joint ventures. Good solid progress on this front. As we enter 2011, our priorities remain clear and consistent with prior earnings calls. Our team is focused on, one, continued improvement in the vital signs and metrics for our shopping centers, occupancy, same-store NOI and leasing spreads. Two, achieving stability and lease-up in our Latin American portfolio. Three, reducing our non-retail investments and selling our non-strategic retail properties. Four, growing in a disciplined and measured way by acquiring high quality properties in key markets for both our institutional partners and our own portfolio. And five, further reducing debt and targeting a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 6.0 or lower by 2012. Progress on all these fronts will put us in a strong position to achieve both our income targets and the goals outlined above. We do indeed feel very positive about the improving environment for retail property fundamentals and our retail tenants. Now, I’d like to turn it over to Glenn for a detailed review of our quarterly financial results and later, Mike Pappagallo will talk in-depth about our property operations and various portfolio initiatives, and then Milton will close with his perspective on the current environment for property acquisitions and values.
Glenn Cohen: Thanks, Dave, and good morning. Our activities during the fourth-quarter exhibits further evidence in progress on all aspects of our strategy and priorities that Dave just described. As we reported last night, we finished the year with headline fourth-quarter FFO per share of $0.29, bringing the full-year FFO per share results to $1.13, (inaudible) consensus estimates of $0.28 and $1.12 for the quarter and full-year respectively. As many of the other pertinent numbers are disclosed in the press release and supplemental package, I will not spend significant time on those this morning. However, we continue to focus on recurring FFO, which excludes non-recurring income and impairments, so, we’ll provide more insight here. For the fourth-quarter, recurring FFO was $119.7 million or $0.29 per diluted share and for the full-year was $465.4 million or $1.14 per share, a 5% increase over the 2009 amount of $444 million. Full-year 2009 recurring FFO per diluted share was $1.26. The recurring FFO dollar increase is attributable to a 6.8% increase in recurring retail FFO, offset by lower recurring non-retail FFO and increased financing costs including the preferred dividends. Our shopping center portfolio continues to show resilience and improvement. We ended the year with occupancy of 92.7% including our pro rata share for the total combined portfolio. Occupancy for the U.S. portfolio was 92.4%, flat to last year, but up 50 basis points to 92.7% with that regard to percentage ownership. As same-site NOI increased by 1.8%, this represents our third consecutive quarter with positive same-site results. Mike will take a deeper look at the shopping center operating performance in a moment. During 2010, we made significant progress toward our strategic initiative of reducing our non-retail portfolio. We sold seven urban assets, monetized 42 million of mortgages and equity and debt securities, disposed the four preferred equity investments, received a distribution from our Albertson’s Investment, and a possible repayment on the Valad convertible bonds. All total, we received cash proceeds of approximately $130 million, reduced the book basis by $110 million offset by $30 million increase, primarily related to currency improvements on our foreign investments while recognizing gains in excess of $20 million. In addition, during January, an additional repayment of $7 million was made by Valad. Keep in mind; the non-retail investments represent only 7% of gross total assets and about 6% of EBITDA contribution. We remain focused on the disposition of these assets. During the quarter, we sold five non-strategic retail assets from the consolidated portfolio and three others from the joint venture programs for approximately $35 million. We remain committed to our recycling program and expect to raise $150 million or more from property sales during 2011. As discussed at our Investor Day, we plan to use the proceeds from the sale of non-strategic retail assets to pursue acquisitions primarily in our target markets. Since then we acquired three wholly-owned unencumbered properties into app process for $56 million. In addition, we invested $43 million to acquire interest in three joint venture properties. Now, we did have our share of non-cash impairments this quarter totaling $24 million. These charges are primarily related to assets either sold or under contract and include a mixed used joint venture development project and a hotel asset we expect to sell in the first quarter. As for the balance sheet, we concluded the year with net debt to recurring EBITDA of 6.3 times, ahead of our target of 6.5 times for 2010, and an absolute reduction in debt of $375 million. As a result of the non-recurring income in the fourth-quarter, the headline net debt to EBITDA was 5.3 times. However, we view the recurring EBITDA as a more meaningful measure and we’ll continue to report on a recurring basis. By way of reference, we began the year at 7.4 times on a recurring EBITDA basis. We are committed to achieving our goal of net debt to recurring EBITDA of six times by the end of 2012 and further improving our fixed charge coverage. Our liquidity position remains in excellent shape with over $1.6 billion of immediate liquidity and only $110 million of consolidated debt maturities for all of 2011. Now, although we have no immediate capital raising needs, it’s encouraging to see our unsecured debt spreads continue to compress. They’re now in the mid-100s. And willingness of the commercial banks to lend has significantly increased. If this trend continues, it may be a catalyst for new business start-ups, which would help build a small shop space. All in all, 2010 was a very productive year for us. We achieved total shareholder return of 39%, exceeding the NAREIT Equity REIT Index, which came in at 28% and the retail sector index at just over 33%. Now, if you look at what we expect for 2011, first, we’ve completed our detailed property-by-property budget process, and as a result reaffirm our 2011 FFO per share guidance range of $1.17 to $1.21. This guidance range is based on recurring flows and does not include non-recurring transaction income or charges for impairments, if any. Assumption in determining the guidance range include, occupancy improvement of 50 to 75 basis points, same-property NOI flat to a positive 2%, investment of $250 million in property acquisitions, funded with $150 million from shopping center disposition for a net investment of $100 million and an additional $7 million to $8 million of FFO contribution from the Mexico portfolio. Based on these assumptions, our current annualized dividend of $0.72 provides a conservative FFO payout ratio of about 60%. Now, I’ll turn it over to Mike for his report on the shopping center portfolio.
Mike Pappagallo: Thanks, Glenn. Good morning, all. We had a very productive quarter, as the vital signs of the business continue to march forward well past the low points of the recession into a steadily improving environment. First, in terms of occupancy. The headline U.S. occupancy of 92.4% increased by 10 basis points from the prior quarter and was flat year-over-year. Now this is pro rata occupancy and the impact of positive net absorption for the full-year was offset by the inclusion of seven former development projects with lower occupancy and our ownership changes from property transfer to new joint ventures. The underlying portfolio activity and progress is much better than at first blush. Looking at the U.S. portfolio metrics, without regard to ownership percentages, overall leased occupancy was up by 50 basis points from the beginning of the year on the strength of positive net absorption of 700,000 square foot of space. Throughout this past year, we’ve been often discussed the increasing appetite for space by national and regional retail chains reflecting their strong financial results, the recovery, and decreasing supply due to the curtailment of development. Our portfolio benefited from this trend, as we signed on a gross square footage basis over 4 million square feet of new leases during the year, of which about a little over half was for spaces over 10,000 square feet. We continue to be encouraged by the opportunities for absorption of these mid-box and larger box spaces as we enter 2011. That said we need to keep our eye on specific situations such as A&P bankruptcy and the current issues confronting borders. On the other side of the coin, we’ve also expressed caution on the prospects for small store leasing due to the limited availability of credit and uneven recovery in certain markets. On that score, we are seeing gradual improvement and stabilization. New leases versus vacates were roughly a push over the past two quarters for small store leasing. Our view is that the worst is over. So we see 2011 with upside opportunity from the perspective of leasing velocity on small tenants. To put that in perspective, our quarterly financial supplement now discloses the occupancy for space 10,000 square foot or greater and that less than 10,000 square feet. The occupancy for the larger space is over 95%. The small store level is 82%. Another sign of stabilizing markets are rental spreads on renewals and options exercised from existing tenants. While only slightly positive, keeping tenants in place is a more important factor as it underscores the viability of the center and avoids down time and increase cost to find new users. As I mentioned on previous calls, new leasing spreads for a given quarter can be influenced by selective leases. And this quarter was no exception. As three of the 67 leases in the same-store population accounted for half of the 40% decline for the quarter, using the 12-month down time. Interestingly, one significant lease roll down was for a space that was Dart and Paine [ph] when we bought the property in 2007. We knew the rent was above market and lowered the purchase price accordingly. The second lease was a deal we elected to sign as is for five years as we expect to position that property for redevelopment down the road. And the third was a deal that involves and solve the co-tenancy that net-net generates more NOI from the property overall. My point here is that new leasing spreads in any single quarter does not necessarily tell the whole story. We focus on the historical trend of rental rate and yes, as a trend market rents have fallen significantly over the past two years. What we are seeing now though over the past few quarters is that the rental rates are stabilizing. In 2011, I think we will continue to see headlined new leasing spreads still in negative territory as many of the leases are roll offs from the heady days prior to the recession. But as we recapture large spaces with the low market rent in 2012 and 2013 and beyond, we expect to return to healthy positive new leasing spreads in the aggregate. Same-site net operating income, as you heard, came in at 1.8%. Our same-store numbers started trending up back in the fourth-quarter of last year and I think the 2010 results underscore the resiliency and diversity of our portfolio. By now most of you are aware of our longer term strategy to recycle out what we are calling our non-strategic shopping center assets and we are getting on with it. Even prior to Investor Day, we have begun the process as we sold four properties that fit the profile earlier in the year. Since September’s Investor Day through today, we’ve disposed the 10 more properties and have an additional 10 either under contract or negotiating contracts. We expect to have 30 or so properties in the market by the first half of 2011. Many are already out there. While operating with the sense of urgency, we will be prudent in our decision making and if we feel there is additional lease up opportunity to improve the prospects and pricing of disposition, we’ll take a longer term view, but the end game is clear, to recycle. The cash that we generate from the sales coupled with available capital from our institutional resources has opened up the gate for us to consider selected acquisition opportunities, as Dave mentioned. In the last half of 2010, we bought properties for our own account as well as acquiring a property with an existing institutional partner SEB and a second property jointly with RioCan and a local operator. Each of these deals reinforced our strategy to pursue assets in targeted markets where we have scale or other markets where we can find low-priced asset. Our purchase of a giant anchored center added to already strong position in Mid-Atlantic corridor. The purchase of centers in El Paso and Jacksonville represented opportunistic buys of assets with tenants such as Lowe’s, Kohl’s and TJ Maxx. The property acquired in the Raleigh area was a negotiated deal and is adjacent to an existing Kimco center. We closed two additional properties in 2011 and we’ll continue a disciplined pursuit of those deals. Outside of the U.S., Mexico lease-up remains the top priority. Leasing conditions continue to improve in Mexico. In 2010, we signed new deals aggregating over 700,000 square feet versus 570,000 square feet in 2009. Our operating plan calls for an additional 700,000 plus square foot of leasing activity in 2011. To put context around this number, the composite occupancy of the portfolio, 55 Mexico shopping centers including projects still in development and those built and lease-up is currently about 79%. We look to increase that above 84% by year end 2011. In Canada, the operating portfolio continues to be all of our high expectation. Dave mentioned we’ve been converting some of our preferred equity investments into straight up co-ownership positions including the portfolio of grocery anchored centers in the Vancouver area and 700,000 square foot power center outside of Montreal that we announced last quarter. This asset not only has a terrific lineup of tenants in the first phase of the project, but are positioned to startup the next phase of the project due to the strong interest from both U.S. and Canadian retailers. In sum, I’d say that we’re looking for 2011 to be moderately improving but not spectacular operating climate. However, we expect to make more substantive improvements in Kimco’s asset evaluation through continued positive absorption, meaningful recycling, reinvestment in our core assets and selected acquisitions. Now, to Mr. Cooper.
Milton Cooper: Thanks Mike. Firstly, I would like to congratulate our CEO Dave Henry. At the Winter Meeting of the trustees in the International Council of Shopping Centers, Dave was nominated to be the next Chairman of the ICSC. Trustees gave Dave a standing ovation and is just further evidence of the respect that Dave has amongst his peers. Now, Dave, Mike and Glenn have described the excellent results of our quarter and our progress in actions moving toward achieving the strategic goals we have outlined. We have a good business model. We have a portfolio that has a steady increase in cash flow and a management team that can find ways to profit from the perturbations in the retail real estate market. My own view is that cash flows from long-term leases in our portfolio are substantially undervalued. In my opinion, we are in an environment where hot assets are in great demand and growing cash flows in shopping centers will have cap rates that will be below 6%. I mentioned this against the background of the issues at so many states and municipalities. Who would have thought that the credits of the great states of California, Illinois, Michigan would become suspect. Who would have thought the prices of municipal bonds will plummet. Who would have thought that certain cities in California would be able to settle obligation at substantial disciplines. As a consequence, cash flows of shopping centers located on major thorough fares and strong markets are a wonderful safe haven. Demand for retail space is increasing because there are very few new developments and many retailers are experiencing angst as they wonder whether they will be able to meet their expansion plans for 2012 store openings. Overtime, we will have inflation and we will have growth in cash flow and growth in value. Now, this November we’ll celebrate the 20th anniversary of our initial public offering. Despite the restitutes [ph] of the market our investors have earned total return of 1,103% at an average annual return of 13.8% since the initial IPO. I’m proud of the record, and we’re ready for the next phase of our growth. I thank our terrific team and we now welcome your questions.
David Bujnicki: Operator, we’re ready to move on to the question-and-answer portion of the call. Please respect the limit of one question.
Operator: Thank you sir. (Operator instructions) We’ll take our first question from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America: Good morning. I was wondering if you could describe the leasing environment in Mexico right now and do that from both a U.S. based retailer standpoint and a Mexican based retailer standpoint.
Mike Pappagallo: Sure. We’ve asked Mike Melson who runs our Mexico team to be on the call today. I think I’d like to let Mike give his perspective and then I’ll come across on the path. Mike, if you are there?
Mike Melson: Sure. I am. I think in general, as Mike mentioned, we are seeing improvement overall in the environment. The U.S. retailers, especially, the anchors such as Wal-Mart, H-E-B, Home Depot and others are back expanding again. Wal-Mart aggressively so, opened almost 300 stores last year and expects to do a similar amount this year. On the Mexico side, I think we’ve been pleasantly surprised by the reemergence of national sub-anchor tenants, who had essentially halted their expansion for the last 18 months. Over the past six months we’ve seen them aggressively come back and seek new store count. And in many of our properties, we’ve got multiple bids on some of our sub-anchor spaces. So, I think overall, we’re seeing an improvement in the environment, especially, from the Mexican retailers.
Dave Henry: Craig, I just would add a couple comments. On the U.S. side, from retailers, it really divides into two camps. The U.S. retailers that are already there in Mexico and have profited and are doing well have resumed their expansion or never stopped their expansion plans like the Home Depots and Wal-Marts and others. Other retailers that had been looking at Mexico as an expansion opportunity, I think it’s fair to say they’ve given pause to that and are taking a hard look and would like to see further evidence that the violence levels have decreased and the government is winning that battle. So, I think it is fair to say U.S. retailers that aren’t already there, are a little bit apprehensive about going to Mexico, but the ones that are there, have ramped it up again.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America: Do you think the leasing spreads will be positive this year?
Barbara Pooley: In Mexico you mean…
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America: I’m sorry, it’s just Mexico, sorry.
Barbara Pooley: It’s hard to look at the leasing spreads in Mexico because there are so few leases that are really showing up in those leasing spreads. It’s only on spaces being re-leased down there. And I realize that it looks a bit odd when you look at the supplemental and see negative leasing spreads in Mexico, but keep in mind those are all very, very small spaces and a very small number of leases that comprise that, so, it can be a bit of a skewed data point.
Dave Henry: As I have mentioned before, Craig, Mexico is unusual in that the local stores there are maybe only 350 square feet, 400 square feet, size of a motel room compared to U.S. local stores that are 2,000 square feet.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. I appreciate the breakdown for the vacancy with the shops and the anchors. Could you talk about where was the peak occupancy for the shops, and what the catalysts are to sort of get back to that? I mean I assume it’s nowhere near where you were overall, but kind of what’s a stabilized number and then what do you think a reasonable expectation is to get back to that?
Mike Pappagallo: Paul, what we can tell you is that when you think about peak occupancy overall, it was in the 96% level, and as you know we did not break it down into these two components. But I think it’s safe to say that at the height of the market that the larger spaces that are probably a couple points or two even more occupied than they were and the stat I gave you and then doing the math obviously the small store spaces were probably over 90%. I think that’s the best I can offer you considering we didn’t focus on those breakdowns historically.
Dave Henry: But it is somewhat encouraging from where we sit that even the local stores are showing some progress again, especially, national retailers with small store footprints. Those guys are expanding again. The local mom and pops are continuing to struggle especially in certain geographic areas. Credit is still constraint for a single store operator, but across the board even the small shops were feeling better about.
Paul Morgan - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quentin Vellely with Citi.
Quentin Vellely - Citi: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to focus on the non-core assets, and I guess, my question has two parts. Firstly, with Valad notes, can you give us an update on the strategic review they are undergoing and also the management buyout proposal and what that could mean for the repayment of your notes? And then secondly, just with the intown suites that you’re marketing, just wondering if you can give us an EBITDA number for 2010 and possibly 2011, so we can get a handle on the potential valuation?
Dave Henry: Well, I think you managed to sneak in (inaudible) questions there. We’ll take them one at a time. And in fairness to Valad, I think you have to look at their public press releases to really get more color. But it’s fair to say that the Board is looking at various strategic alternatives, including an outright sale of the company, a merger of the company, selling off major asset groups, and interestingly enough their former CEO is leading a management buyout proposal of their European management business, which the Board is now wrestling with. Obviously, there is a built-in conflict there with the former CEO stepping aside and then leading an offer to buy the European business. So it’s fair to say there’s a lots of moving parts and they are looking at significant asset sales that they try to reduce their debt levels overtime. They recently announced that a major hotel property that they recently got full title to is now on the market. So as these sales occur, we are hopeful that they will be able to make further principal reductions. We’re pleased that we received $15 million so far. And they remain fully current on the interest payment, which is a nice 9.5%. So we wish them well and we’ll see how it goes. With respect to intown, we’re pleased that we finally huddled all the caps together and it’s now formally in the market with an investment banking group. We have 138 properties. As you probably know, we feel very good about the month-to-month increases in what they call RevPAR. Clearly, the operations are doing better. I don’t want to give you a prediction for this year, but it’s fair to assume, it’s going to do significantly better in terms of bottom-line results than last year. And we feel good about the timing in terms of hitting the market with these properties. Our basis is substantially below replacement value and the extended stay segment is doing very well. So we remain hopeful that we’ll make progress and get good activity on buying us this platform because as you know we own the hotels and we own the platform as well.
Quentin Vellely - Citi: Did you have an EBITDA number for 2010 for intown?
Dave Henry: As you know, that obviously is private company. What I can tell you though is if you look at the net operating income disclosures in our supplement in the ‘Other Investment’ section, there is a number which is about $51 million. Most of that is attributable to the intown investment as it is the largest piece of the other investments puzzle, and we expect that I’d say…
Glenn Cohen: It’s probably around 15% to 20% higher than it was from last year. So, the ramp up is really solid ramp up.
Dave Henry: We have to respect the fact that we do have other partners in this transaction. So we can’t give you 100% of the full details. But we are feeling very good about it.
Glenn Cohen: We’re really heading in the right direction.
Dave Henry: Right direction.
Quentin Vellely - Citi: That’s fair. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller – JP Morgan: Actually, it was just answered. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Goldfarb with Sandler O’Neill
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: I’ll try Quentin Vellely two-parter. Just on the NOI growth, just focusing on the mom and pops that you spoke about, that sounds like they’re slowly getting some credit help, but it’s still tough goings. The two part is, one, are you still seeing a prevalence of franchise or financing? And then two, on your flat to 2% guidance, if credit were flowing once again to the mom and pops, what do you think the mom and pops would add to your same-store growth?
Mike Pappagallo: I’ll answer the second question, first. In that, 0% to 2% range is just that, it represents a beneficial or a good case on the high end, meaning some recovery and some occupancy increase and positive absorption on the small store space as Glenn talked about in his guidance projections. So, I think the same-store guidance represent a moderate improvement in small store leasing and improvement in absorption. If there was a significant increase in credit availability and the economy really took off on that score, we could probably exceed that, but like many things, our guidance is balanced. For the first part of the question maybe just in terms of just a general perspective on small store, credit availability and the impact, we have Rob Nadler on the phone. Rob, perhaps you can give a few words, perspectives on small ticket leasing.
Rob Nadler: With regard to franchise or financing, I mean you are seeing quite a bit of activity in fitness clubs, Fitness 19s that were rolled, health-oriented, some non-retail-oriented, little bit of slowdown in fast food and restaurants per se, but it hasn’t been a huge influx to the small shop leasing program to-date. In general, the earnings, especially for the national and the regional retailers they’re coming out with such strong earnings and such strong cash balances in 2010 with projections for continued modest increases in earnings that there’s a good optimism out there in the leasing environment, in general.
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning, guys. With tenant demand growing as you guys pointed out and supply of good space kind of tightening, what are your thoughts on potential new development starts going forward?
Dave Henry: Well, this is a favorite topic of mine, and it’s debated across the industry. I firmly feel that the large-scale speculative development where developers or even REITs like ours go out and buy land, get it entitled, gone, get an anchored tenant and take the risk of leasing the rest of the center, we’re several years away from that. What you will see is where we and others own land already and it’s sitting there and we can get some demand and make it income producing, you may see some of that, you’ll see some redevelopment, you’ll see some expansion. But in terms of getting back to millions of square feet being developed across the board and adding to the inventory of retail space, I personally just don’t see it and most in the industry don’t see it. If you think about credit is not available, construction financing is not available for this, large scale equity bets are not available for this, tenant rents aren’t high enough to justify it. I just think it’s going to be very limited for quite a while.
Richard Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Great. That covers. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Good morning, guys. If I could just circle back to the small shop leasing, I’m curious whether or not small shop deals are consummated, where did you put the volume of enquiries today versus say the peak of activity, which I would guess would be between 2005 and 2007?
Mike Pappagallo: Rob, you probably could cover that one as well.
Rob Nadler: Sure. Hey, Jeff, how are you?
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Good evening.
Rob Nadler: I don’t know. It would be an educated guess in terms of percentage of enquiries. As was stated by several of us on the phone, credit continues to be tight for the local mom and pop to either expand or invest in their business. So it’s still down substantially in terms of the inquiries from the local mom and pop. They are the last ones to feel the recovery. Unlike the large national chains who are able to reduce their expense side of the equation because of their massive scale and their ability to source better and cut inventory and cut overhead, the local operator did not have that advantage throughout the recession, so, they are in tougher straits today. But, consumer confidence is increasing, if we can get some employment growth going, the guys that have hung on through this recession, as Mike said, it’s sort of bottomed out, the guys that have hung on are guys that are good merchants that are executing and had the wherewithal to withstand the recession, so, I suspect we’ll see some modest but steady growth in the inquiry and in the activity.
Mike Pappagallo: Jeff, what I would add to that is that depending on the market, I mean if we’re talking about small store activity and number of inquiries, talking about new space markets, Long Island some of our Mid Atlantic states, it’s been very firm. California and Arizona, some of the areas that were hardest hit, it’s an uneven traction. I think that’s where longer-term the possibilities can benefit us if there was a pickup in small store leasing. As I mentioned earlier, it is very regional and it’s focused.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: When you look at small shop tenants, I guess I’ll call it national or regional nature where maybe credit is less of a concern for them, are you seeing more or less interest from those retailers expanding or are they just skittish because of lack of sales production or just rent and deal terms that are holding back?
Mike Pappagallo: No, there is more, there is an increase, they are fairly aggressive today. I mean if you take the Famous Footwears or the Shoe Carnivals of the world or the Dress Barns of the world with the Maurices division and Justice which is doing very well. They are hungry. They are hungry for space. And as Milton indicated they are concerned about the lack of development not providing the opportunities for them to meet their growth objectives. So no, they are strong today and looking to grow and being more adaptive and flexible than ever because of the lack of new construction and development.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: How are they taking share, in other words?
Rob Nadler: They are what?
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: They are taking share, so to speak?
Rob Nadler: Yes. They are out there and they are doing deals.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Isbee with Stifel Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning. Just going back to the same-store NOI guidance, I understand there was some caution built-in there, but if I just take the NOI coming online from the leases you already signed, your contractual ramp-ups, in fact that your renewals have been basically flat to slightly positive. Could you just help me understand the bottom end of that guidance a little bit? Is it fair to say that something would have to change dramatically to get there?
Milton Cooper: Dave, I would offer that both the bankruptcies that have been announced as well as some speculation on other enterprises that may go bankrupt put in the short-term, (inaudible) in terms of net operating income, at least for the short-term you think about down time, etc., So that is really the primary driver on the low end. As we’ve spoken about earlier, longer-term, many of those spaces for those tenants like Blockbuster, our AMT exposure, even our discussion at Investor Day about orders. In terms of recycling the rents and the market rental spaces, we feel pretty comfortable that there wasn’t long-term damage in terms of our cash flows. But you’re always going to have some shorter term downtime in releasing vacant space.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Sullivan with Cowen Group.
Jim Sullivan - Cowen Group: Thank you. Good morning. I have really a geographic question. For some time, California and Florida have been your two largest markets and you alluded to, I guess, the fact that in Florida, you have some recovery in some markets not in others. What I would love to hear is some granularity regarding the individual markets in both Florida and California in terms of where you are comfortable with the outlook, where you think it’s going to take longer for recovery to take hold and how that impacts your decisions and thought process and dispositions and acquisitions?
Mike Pappagallo: In thinking Florida, I’d reaffirm with the things we said very often that our portfolio in Southern Florida, Miami-Dade area, Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, etc., has been and continues to be very strong in terms of occupancy, tenancy, etc., so we’ve done very well there. Our issues have been mostly on the West Coast of Florida when you think about everything up from Central Florida and Orlando, Tampa, St. Pete, etc., That’s been a difficult market. We continue to see pressure on leasing spreads. There has been some improvement, but there’s still ways to go. And we are focused obviously in our small ticket leasing in that area. California obviously, a large state. We have significant exposure there. I would say that Northern California for us, the Bay area remains very strong and has continued to do so. We’ve got a lot of signature properties up there. In Southern California, many of which were acquired from the Pan Pacific acquisition. There again we’ve relatively been disproportionately hurt in terms of small ticket leasing or small store space. The rents were quite high from earlier that were signed five years or ten years ago, so there’s been a lot of pressure in that arena as well. That said Jim, when I made my earlier comments about new leases and vacates being a push in total, I think one of the things we’re encouraged by is that in recent quarters in the Southern California portfolio that we have been signing almost as many leases as tenants have been vacating. So we’re starting to see a bit of a turn in terms of the velocity and small ticket leasing in Southern California.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Clark with Green Street Advisors.
Laura Clark - Green Street Advisors: Hey, good morning. I duplicate your availability of capital and narrowing spreads versus a tight credit market that the local operators are experiencing today. How do you think about essentially being a bank for those tenants? How does that impact the amount of TIs you’re willing to provide? And lastly, how do you price the risk associated with the additional investment?
Milton Cooper: I don’t think we’re going to be a bank to the tenants. We have certainly over the last few years added more TI allowance, where it’s been needed to fill the spaces. I actually think also for the tenants you’re going to see over the next six months to 18 months that they’re going to start to be able to access more capital from the commercial banks. It always starts with a large, better credits. We’ve seen our credit spreads come in dramatically, again our ten year spreads today in the mid-100s and you’re starting to see loosening up somewhat from the commercial bank level. So I think you’re going to see improvement come over that time period, but we’re not really changing our stripes in terms of being the bank for the tenants.
Laura Clark - Green Street Advisors: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Haberman with Goldman Sachs.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Dave, a question on investor interest at this point in the non-strategic retail and what returns are these opportunistic investors looking for?
Dave Henry: It depends on why we put it into non-strategic bucket, if you will. In terms of the shopping centers, we’ve got some very good shopping centers. They just don’t happen to be in our core markets and those trade at very low cap rates. We’ve got some other shopping centers that are B properties or have issues that are going to trade eight to nine-ish cap rate at the end of the day, so, it really depends on where that property is. Interestingly, if you take one more step and look at our non-retail, the level of interest we get called everyday now. We heard you guys are selling some non-retail stuff. The amount of cash that’s sitting out there, wanting to invest in decent real estate is just quite amazing to me. And people are tired of getting virtually no returns. So, anything that’s cash flowing is of interest today.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Question for Mike on the above market rents and some of the markets that are still challenged. What is the timeframe for that to burn off, I guess? I mean, are you looking at this sort of the next two years?
Mike Pappagallo: I’d say, that’s fair, Jay. I alluded to in my prepared remarks about 2012 and 2013, where positive spreads would be driven very much by many of the below market rate anchor leases that are coming due, some of which we put forth in our Investor Day material. As it relates to the small ticket leasing, you are seeing stabilization occur and really the critical difference is spreads are against a contract rate versus discussion about market rates spinning [ph] out. We see market rates stabilizing across the board. It’s just a question of what was the old contract rate and needs to be a little bit more betting out of some of those older leases and older contract rents before we get into positive absorptions.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Chao with Deutsche Bank.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning, everyone. Just had a longer-term question, just with A&P and some concerns about SUPERVALU after their quarter, in terms of your, the second tier and third tier sort of grocers, what’s your longer-term view of this group emulation to the Wal-Marts and Targets and Costcos of the world?
Mike Pappagallo: I’ll just take a pass at that. Clearly, with grocery, with grocers or the traditional grocers, so much of it is dependent these days about their location in terms of where they are at as well as their own operating strategies. We can talk about grocers who do very well either in their specific market like HEB or Wegmans or some of the larger operators like Publix and Harris Teeter and others who do very well in their markets. So, a lot depends on operating strategy, the execution, the ability to deliver the product, and to maintain good quality product in good markets. That said it is apparent that there is so much competitive pressure coming in from the super Wal-Mart, the super Targets, even the drug stores providing some level of food, the warehouse clubs, it’s on and on and on. So, from our perspective as we look at our own exposure, as we look at buying property, selling property, redeveloping property, we’re not getting into a binary decision in terms of all grocery anchored centers are good, all big box centers are bad. You’re basically looking at the strength of the retailer, where they are in the competitive environment, the viability of the space to continue to be primarily a super market, if that particular tenant or retailer fail and so on. So, it’s a complicated equation and (inaudible) Vincent I think there’s been a little bit too much simplistic thinking about grocery versus big box in the current environment for valuation purposes.
Dave Henry: Clearly, when we talk to our grocery tenants, they are feeling increasing pressure these days by the number of other outlets for food. Even Dollar Stores and convenient stores and so forth. So they anticipate there’s going to be margin pressure. You combine that with commodity prices going up, their inventory going up, and some of the things that held firm during the recession, prepared foods and store labels that have served them well, that’s going to be less of a factor for them, so I read a lot of these guys as a little bit worried now about where it’s going. And as Mike pointed out, when we buy new grocery anchored centers, we’re taking a very hard look at the rent and whether we can replace that with another user, if possible.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Are there any particular grocers that you have concerns [ph] of currently outside the ones that?
Dave Henry: We love all our tenants.
Mike Pappagallo: Particularly, the grocers that are privately owned like H.E. Butt, Publix, Wegmans.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Snookes [ph]
Mike Pappagallo: We don’t say bad things about anybody on conference.
Dave Henry: Anybody that pays us rent is a wonderful tenant.
Vincent Chao - Deutsche Bank: Got it, thanks.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question comes from Samit Parikh with ISI Group.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group: Hi, good morning, guys. My question really has to do with sort of valuations in the market right now. I’ve asked this other companies, I’m curious what you guys have to say as well in terms of what sort of underwritten unlevered 10-year IRRs are you guys targeting? Your core acquisitions that you are looking at right now, and how does that differ in terms of from the infill stuff that you are looking to invest in versus more of the middle market things. What’s really the spread there?
Dave Henry: As you know, IRRs are very dependent on the exit cap rates and your assumptions, I think we start by looking at the unlevered cap rate that we’re going in at and whether that’s sustainable. Most good quality properties I think we can bank on somewhere around 2% annual growth and if we can get that and if we can buy it at 7.5% to an 8% unlevered return, we think that’s pretty accretive and we would consider that for our core. As the higher quality properties get down closer to six cap, we do look at those as a product for our institutional joint ventures. We really need to leverage our side of the returns with fees and other things to make the numbers work long-term. So for us it’s really not so much about IRRs long-term, because it’s so dependent on the assumption. We look at that rent rule that’s in place today, what the cash flows are today and what the risk to those cash flows are over time.
Samit Parikh - ISI Group: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christy McElroy with UBS.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Hi, everyone. It’s Ross Nussbaum here with Christy. Wanted to push you a little on a comment that was made at the beginning which was Milton’s view that cap rates could go to 6% or under. As I look at the implied cap rates on the shopping center REITs today, all the companies are generally trading with one exception that 6.75% to say 7% cap rates at least for some of the larger companies. And that would suggest to me that it would make sense to start ramping up strategic larger acquisitions, if you truly believe that the cap rates are going to go down to a lower level and curious what do you think about that?
Dave Henry: I think it starts with the fact that there is tremendous bidding wars right today for the high quality stuff that pushes cap rates to 6% or less. We are losing deal all the time to people that are bidding an under 6% going in cap rate. So you don’t even have to look out, you just look at what’s going on today. And certainly, the trend that Milton is looking at is cap rates are still going down because demand is exceeding supply and these are good hard assets that provide a cash flow at a time when people are little bit worried, whiff of inflation, hard asset is good and so forth. For us, as we said before, we start with the quality of the property, the sustainability of that cash flow, whether it’s accretive or not to our shareholders and whether we need an institutional partner.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Does it make any sense to you that there is nearly 10 publicly traded shopping center REITs with market caps under $1 billion?
Dave Henry: No.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Are you going to do anything about that?
Dave Henry: Well, as Milton has always pointed out, M&A is difficult, because by the time you pay for their investment bank or your investment bank, their lawyers, your lawyer, you pay the premium that you need, it starts to get tough to make the numbers work. And then if you think about most Boards of Directors for companies that have made it through this downturn are not really that prepared to sell at a stock price, that’s 30%, 40% below where they were a couple of years ago. So I suspect there will still be very few M&A deals in our sector.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s question-and-answer session. At this time, Mr. Bujnicki, I’ll turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks, Sir.
David Bujnicki: Thanks, Lauren. A final reminder, our supplemental is posted on our Web site at www.kimcorealty.com. Thank you for participating today.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Pooley – SVP, Finance and IR Dave Henry – President and CEO Mike Pappagallo – COO and CFO Milton Cooper – Executive Chairman Rob Nadler – President, Central Region
Analysts: Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs Quentin Velleley – Citi Jeffrey Donnelly – Wells Fargo Nathan Isbee – Stifel Nicolaus David Wigginton – Macquarie Research Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O'Neill Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets Steve Sakwa – ISI Group Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan Paul Morgan – Morgan Stanley Ross Nussbaum – UBS Chris Lucas – Robert W. Baird Nathan Isbee – Stifel Nicolaus Mike Bilerman – Citi Dave Fick – Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Kimco first quarter earnings conference call. Please be aware today's conference is being recorded. As a reminder, all lines are muted to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker today, Barbara Pooley. Please proceed, Miss Pooley.
Barbara Pooley: Thank you, Cindy. Thank you all for joining the first quarter 2010 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman, Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer and Mike Pappagallo, Chief Operating and Chief Financial Officer. Rob Nadler, President of Kimco's Central Region is also on today's call as well as other key executives who will be available to address questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management's hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future which are forward-looking statements. It's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco operating results. Examples include, but are not limited, to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our web site. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question so that all of our callers may have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue, if you have additional questions and if we have time at the end of the call, we'll address those questions. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Henry.
Dave Henry: Good morning. First, I'd like to begin by formally thanking David Lukes for his hard work and contributions to our company over the past seven years. David is a talented real estate executive and we wish him the very best in his new role as CEO of Mall Properties, Inc. At the same time, we are very pleased that Mike Pappagallo has become our new Chief Operating Officer. For an interim period, Mike will also retain his CFO responsibilities. With his senior finance staff and our region Presidents adding additional duties to ensure a smooth transition across the board. While I have promised Mike that I would keep the superlative to a minimum, so I would like to note Mike's industry recognized accomplishments over 13 years as our CFO and our strong belief that Mike is well qualified to assume the key operating role in our firm. Congratulations and well deserved, Mike. In terms of our first quarter, we are happy to report solid financial and operating results. Mike will provide the details. But it is clear that leasing activity in aggregate is increasing and our portfolio key metrics, such as occupancy, leasing spreads and same store NOI are improving after a very rough 2009. Our tenants, which in general are necessity based or discount oriented retailers, are showing much improved comparable sales and are again looking to expand selectively. I encourage all of our shareholders and the analyst community to review page 29 of our supplemental financial report which lists our 50 largest tenants. The financial strength and prospect of almost all of these tenants gives us great confidence in the stability and reliability of our future rental revenues. During the quarter, we also made good progress on each of the four key objectives we discussed in detail in our last earnings call, company leverage level, retail joint venture debt guarantees, placement of the PL retail assets in institutional joint ventures and the disposition of our non-retail portfolio. With respect to leverage, our debt to EBITDA ratio declined from 6.8 to 6.3 during the first quarter and we are well advanced towards our 2012 goal of a 6.0 ratio. On the retail joint venture debt guarantees, the amount has been further reduced from $331 million to $311 million during the quarter. And as mentioned on our last call, we expect that the remaining amount will be fully repaid by the maturity date of August 15 with Kimco and Prudential each paying their respective share of the debt, 15% and 85% respectively. As a point of reference, the total amount of retail joint venture debt guaranteed by Kimco was originally $1.2 billion, which has been reduced to the current level, $311 million through property sales and partnership contributions. With respect to the PL retail portfolio, we are very pleased that five of the largest assets totaling 370 million have been transferred to a new institutional joint venture with CPPIB, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board. We are proud to have been selected by CPPIB to be an operating partner for neighborhood and community shopping centers in the U.S. and we anticipate substantially increasing the number of assets in the venture. We also expect to close this week an additional new joint venture worth two more PL retail properties totaling $67 million. Together these ventures will represent more than 50% of the PL retail assets in terms of net income. On the last of our four objectives, the disposition of properties and investments in our non-retail portfolio, debt repayments and security sales since our last call total approximately 10 million, however, we do have an additional 27 million of properties under firm contracts, a further 25 million of properties under conditional sales contracts and $11 million in scheduled debt repayments, all expected to close in the second quarter. We believe our goal of reducing the non-retail portfolio by a minimal of $200 million by year-end remains fully on schedule. Overall, the market outlook has greatly improved in terms of both property values and underlying fundamentals. There continues to be increasing amounts of capital reentering the commercial real estate sector and cap rates have declined materially over the past six months. In our case, it is encouraging to have an increasing number of first class institutional partners which are actively seeking to invest with us in high quality neighborhood and community shopping centers. At the property level, as mentioned, we are seeing increasing signs of stability with rent levels firming and retailers once again looking at expansion opportunities. In our two primary international markets, Canada and Mexico, both countries are showing significant increases in GDP, positive job growth, stronger currencies and retailer expansion, all of which bode well for our portfolio. I would like to complete my comments by once again restating our corporate strategy in very simple terms. We are committed to the equity ownership of neighborhood and community shopping centers, which provide long-term recurring rental revenues. We will enhance our earnings through recurring fee income from institutional joint ventures, international retail property investments and opportunistic retail real estate purchases from retailers. We believe this formula will provide very reliable and dependent above average income and dividend growth for our shareholders. Now I'd like to turn it over to our new COO, Mike Pappagallo.
Mike Pappagallo: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, all. Before I review the operating activity for the quarter, I want to spend the moment on the recent change in my responsibility. I'm certainly honored that Milton, Dave from Board has placed their confidence in my ability to assume the direction of our operation portfolio. I will provide a different perspective and approach to the role. Everybody knows me, as finance and operations guy. And I won't pretend to have 30 years of on-the-ground real estate experience with deep retailer relationships, but the good news is that Kimco has plenty of them, as well as the seasoned experts in leasing, property management, development and construction and operation. Many of you in the investment community have met these operating leaders and through our schedule of property tours, industry events and the upcoming Investor Day, you will have further opportunity to get to know them better. The Bob and I as a President of our Central Region is now charged with the additional responsibility of ensuring that our leasing strategies, tenant activities nationwide are executed seamlessly and ensuring that we continue to cultivate and expand our retail relationships through an already top notch national program. Rob will also be helping me establishing those new relationships and on the nuances of executing deals. But ultimately my focus on the COO role will be the execution of our overall business strategy by simply sizing the real estate, financed and business support operations together to meet our goals. The related raise is the stability and advisability of continuing in the CFO role. Recognizing the strong financial leaders that I have in operations, finance, accounting and treasury, my role over the past couple of years has very much been strategic in terms of directional changes in balance sheet management, external communication and sponsoring the ongoing upgrade of our system's processes and organization. This gives us a bit of breathing room in assessing how we want us to address the COO role, but I don't see us missing a beat on any finance execution, in the meantime while we sort through the final organizational structure. We were quite pleased with the operating results for the quarter. While headline FFO per share was $0.31 it includes both impairment charges on a few smaller assets, as well as some transactional income. Should our – both of those items and it results in FFO per share from recurring sources of $0.28 per share, which exceeded this estimates by a penny. More importantly, our shopping center vital signs continue to show progress, reflecting the improved leasing activity over the past six months. Portfolio occupancy ended the quarter at 92.8%, equal to the year-end level. Certainly the absence of Big Bob's or junior anchor bankruptcies relieved a lot of pressure that usually occurs post holiday, but we're still happy with the momentum gains since late last year, this year is also reflected in our same site in operating levels, which is only negative 0.2% for the quarter at the better end of our expectation. While I always caution into reading into quarterly figures on NOI, this level when viewed in relation to the past five or six quarters underscores the improved operating climate and shifts to more stable metrics. As I have quickly learned from our operating team and what is apparent from our own portfolio activity and substantial number of tenant portfolio reviews that we conduct is that the focus of retailers is on repositioning existing stores and/or in filling new stores in existing markets. The shutdown in virtually all new development is starting to have an effect on the supply and demand balance. While the retailer community is focusing more on existing markets and less on speculative areas, that is not necessarily translated into much pricing power for landlords as there is still too much available space in too many markets. Nonetheless, a positive new leasing spread of 1.1%, excluding the effect of new deals on two former linens and circuit boxes was a healthy sign as it relates to the Kimco portfolio and once again demonstrates that the overall lower average rent is having a moderate effect on leasing rollover pressure. We spent part of last week with our regional leaders, a recurring theme that came up that one of the keep advantages of our size is access and response, simply defined, having the benefit of access to virtually all of the retailers, having insight into their current performance in our location as well as their plans and strategies and how we can help them and therefore being able to respond with alternatives and deal terms to benefit both sides. It may not mean getting the extra dollar of rent, but it certainly can mean and has meant retaining a tenant at a location or packaging solutions for them across the portfolio. I feel this will be a primary driver in maintaining and ultimately increasing occupancy over time. In addition to pursuing occupancy improvements, we will need to take a closer look at potential dispositions of properties with long-term risks. The markets may still be a bit too thin for significant transactional activity now, but we must get ready. Shifting gears, in terms of balance sheet management, the program of further enhancing liquidity and strengthening key health ratios continues forward. Our fixed charge ratio improved by one tick to 2.5 times and net debt EBITDA dropped to 6.5 times as Dave mentioned. However, I will note that that number was helped by the higher than anticipated transaction income in the quarter. If you pull out the number related to the unbudgeted transaction, the ratio was closer to 6.6 times, still representing an improvement from last quarter. Subsequent to quarter end, we hit the Canadian markets with a $150 million eight year note at a rate of 5.99%, thereby successfully refinancing the maturing Canadian Bond of the same amount. The corporate debt maturity schedule looks as sound as ever with about 10% to 15% of the total debt stack of $4.5 million maturing each year from 2011 through 2018 and for this year the remaining maturities are less than $60 million. With a much better environment and a low risk corporate debt structure, translation, the balance sheet ain't a problem. We remain focused on extracting ourselves from non-productive and non-strategic assets. And with a rapid improvement of those capital markets and stabilizing fundamentals, there has been a market increase in activity surrounding certain of our non-retail assets. As Dave mentioned, we have over $50 million of contracts out on a variety of our urban mixed use assets, as well as a pay off of a loan from a healthcare facility of $11 million. Our New York assets have seen an increase in leasing activity which will position us for additional marketing later in the year. Add to that the 10 million sold since the beginning of the year and we are feeling better about the rate and pace of these dispositions. That said, we recognize that there's two single large positions in the non-retail portfolio remain of the lot now the in town suites investment which will take longer to monetize. With the FFO yield on these two positions together are about 8% and with the prospect of improvement of rep for the rebuild in town, we think conditions will get better for us to dispose of that asset. So we look to the balance of the year, we've tightened the range of our guidance by increasing the low end by $0.3, resulting in a range of 1.10 to 1.15 per share excluding impairments. These reflect mostly the asking for major Bankruptcy occurring in the first quarter. That said, for now, we are leaving our expectations on occupancy and same store NOI the same and we'll have much more clarity once we hit the six month mark. With that I'll turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Mike. As Dave has outlined our strategy for Kimco, it's simply back to basics and being the premier shopping center company with a footprint in North America. We will monetize our non-shopping centers as expeditiously as practical and as Mike and Dave have pointed out, progress has already been made in this connection. Our existing shopping center portfolio is geographically and tenant diverse. The only tenants whose rent exceed 1.5% of our total revenue are home depot, TJX, Kmart, Wal-Mart, Kohl's, Costco best by real our hold and Bed Bath & Beyond, all retailers with strong balance sheets selling everyday essentials to the consumer. Home Depot, the tenant with the highest percent of revenues has 44 locations with us. On approximately 40 of these locations, we own the ground, lease it to Home Depot and Home Depot has constructed the buildings at their own expense. Now, our institutional management program enables us to compete aggressively to acquire high quality shopping centers at low cap rates, a combination of the low yield for the best properties and our profit on the various management fees, promotes, et cetera, provides us with a return in the double digits. We will grow this business and there refuse to be no shortage of investor's desire us of the solid year. Our development to exposure is the minimus. So we should have safe, growing cash flows in both stormy and sunny times. What I love about our portfolio is the fact that the land is such a high proportion of total value. The improvements which have modest one-story buildings set on land that because of parking requirements is usually five times as large as the footprint of the building. Overtime, our tenant streams will enable us to profitably hold the land for higher and better retail uses in the future. Now, we've been through many cycles and we've watched the manic depressive mood swings of the American consumer and we can never predict consumer's appetite to save or spend, but as I have pointed out many times, the population of the U.S. will grow by about 3 million people a year and at the end of ten years, we will add the present population of Canada, Australia, so as night follows day, land values, commercially zoned land, will substantially increase. Last week, I spent some time in Canada to celebrate our joint venture with Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board. We have a fabulous platform in Canada and a great leader in our Kelly Smith. A 50% interest in RioCan our joint venture has grown in value and has a wonderful base of future growth, Kudos to Dave Henry, who brought us to Canada, when the Canadian dollar was $0.65 and cap rates were in the high nines. Now, permit me to say a few words about Mike Pappagallo. This month we celebrate Mike's permits at Kimco since it will be 13 years since he joined us, we met for the first time when he was the CFO at GE Capital Real Estate. It didn't take more than 40 seconds to know that Mike was perfect for us. His energy is contagious, not only to me, but the entire team. Our team is thrilled with his new role and so am I. We have wonderful bench with invigorated energized outlook and we're confident we can deliver positive results for all of our constituencies. And now we'd be delighted to answer any questions.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks, Milton. We're ready to move ton the – on to the question-and-answer portion of the call. Please respect the limit of one question. Operator we're ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first question from Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, everyone. Mike, congratulations. Question for Dave, I guess, starting off with joint ventures. I guess, looking specifically at through Kim and the UBS portfolios, I guess given the lower yields on these two investments, can you just comment I guess specifically on the operations, first at Prukim and then secondarily, can you give us plans on asset sales or the identifying of new joint venture partners?
Dave Henry: Well, let me take the latter first. It's been particularly encouraging to us to watch the flood of investors step back into the commercial real estate markets. This time a year ago – this time a year ago, most investors were very gun shy and whether it was core investments or what they call value investments or core plus, there just wasn't – there just weren't many institutions that were interested. Now with a whiff of inflation in the air and alternative investments providing such low, low income, real estate has regained its favored status and we have existing institutional investors that we have assets with that have asked us to source and find new assets and we have new institutional partners, such as CPP and Cisterra, which we announced today, actively looking to grow their venture assets with us. So we believe we have plenty of sources of capital. Our mission as the operating partner is to find product for these institutions. To date, at least over the past six, seven months, the source of the product has been in our existing joint ventures. We have institutions such as DRA and Pru and UBS wealth management all desiring to reduce the number of assets that they have with us to meet other needs that they have. So that's been the primary source of assets for our institutional partners. But as time goes on, we are certainly in the hunt for new assets and because of our size and scope; we believe we will be successful in finding new assets. On the operation side, specifically with Pru Kim, as you know, we are at the tail end of the sale bucket assets that we are selling. We're down to probably a handful and now we have on the market some of what we call the whole assets and some of those assets we have bought, as you know and some are in the market for sale to third parties.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mike Bilerman at Citi.
Quentin Velleley – Citi: Hi, it's Quentin here with Michael. Just staying on that topic of the joint ventures, I'm just wondering as you look at your, the amount of joint venture capital that you've got coming in, could you give us some kind of an idea of how much that could translate into in terms of assets under management. And then maybe whether you could give us an idea of how much of that is going to come from existing joint ventures or Kimco's balance sheet versus, you know, externally acquired assets?
Dave Henry: It's very difficult to predict. It's certainly fair to say that for a while, we'll be running in place in terms of assets under management because most of the transactional activity we have is substituting one institution for another and in some cases; we have increased our percentage ownership of those assets, such as the PL retail assets. We've actually increased our percentage ownership in that venture. As time goes forward, we will see what success we have in finding new assets and as intimated, we are certainly in the hunt on lots of different things these days and we remain optimistic. We will be able to find a fair amount of additional new assets to feed our joint venture partners and to resume the growth of our assets under management, but it's too early to predict any, or quantify any significant increase in the assets under management.
Milton Cooper: Quen, the only point I would add is that taking assets from our own balance sheet and placing them into joint ventures is not a primary thrust of our strategy; it's more substituting one partner for another in existing joint ventures or actual new acquisition activity.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly – Wells Fargo: Good morning, guys. Milton, you'll have to let us know when Mike will be reading from the Tora to celebrate his bar mitzvah. Just a quick question, I'm curious really to gauge your sense, I mean all across the economy we're all seeing different kinds of inflection and real estate is certainly not immune from that, but right now tenants certainly seem to have the upper hand in lease negotiations and it feels like we're sort of at a low point right now. When do you feel landlords are going to gain the upper hand in lease negotiations? What's it going to take? Is it a certain level of occupancy that you see or absorption that's required to get there?
Milton Cooper: Well, let's go back. In '08 and the early part of '09, retailers were sitting on their hands, improving their balance sheets, worried and then they found the world did not end, they were worried with the Lehman bankruptcy and others and they regained confidence. At this point some, couple of them have entered a phase of desiring to expand, they still want to reduce costs and one of the costs they want to reduce are rents. So it's tough, but the reality is, as you indicated in your question, the momentum is changing because there are not new developments and as the country is growing, retailers can't sit on their hands. So my sense is that the shift will grow in the favor of the owners of properties and rents will increase overtime. That's my instinct.
Mike Pappagallo: And I would argue we've already seen a fee change. The same real estate departments that were busy reading leases for cotenancy provisions and other outs are now out looking for new store locations. So there's been a dramatic shift already in the way retailers are looking at leasing space and we're seeing it at the field level. We already have a little bit more pricing power than we had this time last year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nathan Isbee at Stifel Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning. Given the rapid cap rate compression that has occurred over the last six months, have you changed your thinking at all about selling off the remainder of the price legacy portfolio, given where you bought it?
Dave Henry: As we said in the very beginning, we really like this portfolio and as we started to discuss it with joint venture partners, in most cases, we talked about increasing our percentage and retaining more of these assets than we had in the past. As I mentioned, we are about to close two more with another institution and we will probably at least complete another deal for a package of five of them. At that point we may well pause in terms of selling off the rest of those assets, but we intend to fully do what we started to do many months ago and I think a lot of you have been patient while we've completed the debt assumption process. The deals that we are now closing and are now announcing were actually cut many months ago and it just takes a long time to close these things when you are assuming debt.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Wigginton at Macquarie.
David Wigginton – Macquarie Research: Good morning. You guys talked about – Michael, you mentioned the Valad and InTown Suites being your two largest non-retail asset holdings. There's quite a bit of interest right now in chasing hotels across the entire quality spectrum and obviously fundamentals are improving in the space and you mentioned that it's going to take a while to unload that, I mean isn't it possible that you might be able to, I mean, get rid of it now? Are you receiving indications of interest from potential acquirers for that portfolio?
Mike Pappagallo: The answer is yes on both scores. We would certainly be interested in disposing of it and we are having preliminary conversations with potential buyers. As you know, this is a joint venture where we have another institutional partner and that institutional partner has now indicated a willingness to sell with us. So that was a very important step. So we can begin discussing the possible sale of that portfolio. However, it hasn't been a good time to sell hotel assets. It is a better time today, but last year was not a good time. It is improving and we are seeing quite significant RevPAR gains in that portfolio. So we want to be careful about, exactly when we push the button and who we push it with, but to confirm your point, we are having some discussions.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Alexander Goldfarb at Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill: Good morning. Just given the accelerated cap rate compression in the past 60, 90 days, how far out do you think we are before there will be a bid for BMC product or tertiary markets?
Dave Henry: I think you're already seeing the rationalization start. You've seen buyers say that their business plan was A plus properties at very high cap rates and now it's A properties at lower cap rates, it's diamonds in the rough unquote. It's – you are already seeing the rationalization process start and you're certainly seeing high-quality assets selling in secondary markets and you're seeing B assets selling in primary markets. So the cycle is starting already, I would argue.
Mike Pappagallo: What I'd add to that, Alex, is that on the lending side, you're seeing the reemergence of the securitization program at least from some of the major money center banks who are starting to create programs. If that degree of capital is reintroduced into the marketplace that will further accelerate the ability to trade on the B type properties.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rich Moore at RBC Capital Markets.
Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Yeah, hello. Good morning, guys. Could you give us an update on Latin America and if things pick up down in Latin America, what you're doing down there, which I assume those economies will pick up like ours will pick up. Will you pursue new things down there with joint venture partners again, with a fund business again or how are you thinking about that?
Dave Henry: Well, let me start – let me start at the – at the beginning. In terms of what we're seeing on the ground in Latin America just like the U.S., we're seeing the economy pick up in some cases dramatically and retailers, once again expanding. Mexico, obviously is particularly interesting to us. They have strong GDP growth. They added – I'm trying to read my number here, 296,000 jobs in the first quarter. So unlike the U.S., they're actually adding new jobs in Mexico. Wal-Mart, as an example, hopes to open 300 new stores in Mexico in 2010 alone. So you're seeing lots of good signs in Mexico. As we've said many times, our job is to provide the credibility by finishing what we have in Mexico and getting it leased and we are now proud to say that construction is essentially completed. All of our projects are now open for business with anchor tenants in place. We have some second phases to finish and a total construction budget of only about $20 million to complete what we're doing in Mexico. We do have two larger projects in South America that are commencing now. But in terms of Mexico, we are largely complete and we have what we think is significant upside as we get that space leased. Time will tell whether new development makes economic sense. I think rents will have to go up materially and returns will have to be material. And I think we've had some lessons learned in our own mind about building smaller rather than larger projects in Mexico. But we are certainly open to looking at opportunities from our valued anchor tenants like HEB and Wal-Mart and Home Depot over time. Part of those Home Depots that Milton talked about earlier, a significant number of them are in Mexico and every single one of these ground leases has a full cost of living increase as opposed to our Home Depot leases in the U.S. So it continues to be intriguing to us to invest in Mexico. Like everybody else, and I'm sorry to be long winded, we have a little bit of concern about the drug violence headlines and so forth. But the truth is underneath those headlines is a strong economy. Industrial production has picked up substantially, jobs are increasing the auto sector in particular is growing again in Mexico. So there's some good things happening there, coupled with the fact that it's so understored, less than a 1000 shopping centers for a population of 100 million people.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Sakwa with ISI Group.
Steve Sakwa – ISI Group: Good morning. Dave, I just wanted to kind of stay on the, I guess South American, Mexican development. Can you just talk a little bit about the demand you're seeing, the lease of that small shop space in Mexico, the expected returns and I know it's a little bit early to think about U.S. development. But I think you made a comment that some larger stores are having tough times maybe thinking about their 2012 open. So how do you start to think about U.S. development and what's the right spread between Mexican yields and U.S. yields?
Dave Henry: Those are all tough questions. I think we are seeing and some of our – some of our peers are seeing for instance, several grocery stores want to anchor and build new stores in the U.S. So you're already seeing a little bit of development happening, driven by strong anchors that want to have new stores and they're willing to pay higher rents to have that done, particularly in markets like the northeast. So I'd say you're seeing the beginnings of it already in the U.S. Most developers though, can't get financing, most developers can't make the numbers work, so to Milton's point, it's going to be very limited probably for an extended period of time in terms of adding new supply to the U.S. Places like Mexico, you still have concerns. We saw the currency as an example, decrease by about 40% at the height of the crisis. That is a huge factor in considering what yield you should be willing to invest in new developments in Mexico. So I would say for us, there has to be a 300 or 400 basis points difference in unleveraged yield to be attractive again because you are taking currency risk as you move into a market like Mexico. In terms of the small stores, I think you asked a question about that, we are seeing increasing demand from the small stores rents are lower than they were in the beginning. But the leasing activity is accelerating and those rents will accelerate or are beginning to accelerate again. So I think there's a lot of green lights in Mexico for us right now and we're determined to get our centers up to a stabilized occupancy and prove the case. And then we'll take a look at new opportunities.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Mueller from J.P. Morgan.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan: Yeah, hi. Question on the development pipelines. Wondering if you could try to put some parameters around how leasing is – how the pace of lease up is occurring. How far out – how far we are out from stabilization on maybe the different buckets in terms of what's recently completed the stuff that's in the operating portfolio, et cetera?
Milton Cooper: Mike, are you focused on the U.S., Mexico or both?
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan: Actually, both. And the other question was are you seeing the pace of lease up dramatically differ when you're looking outside of the U.S. versus in the U.S. as well?
Milton Cooper: Well, I would take – or echo Dave's position that most of the remaining lease up requirements are occurring in Mexico and we have seen a pick up from where we were six, nine months ago. What we've talked about in terms of those projects, which are recently completed construction and now we're focusing on stabilization. It's going to be a two year period before we reach stabilization. Different projects have different time lines, but I think that's a rough order of justice. The U.S. is a very different situation where we have been out of the development business now, the KBI business for quite a period of time. We do have a series of remaining projects which do require some further lease up. That's more assets specific, so I think in that situation that – of those remaining projects, I believe there are somewhere in the neighborhood of five projects that are in operating, but are still pending stabilization. I think it will be at least another year plus before we get those stabilized. And that again, reflective of the market, reflective of the areas that they are in and what was a very severe lack of demand a year plus ago, so it will take some time. But the good news in all of that is that proportioned to our entire portfolio is relatively small as we think about the U.S. component.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan – Morgan Stanley: Hey, good morning. On the junior anchors, are you seeing any new takers of that space or I mean is the industry still really dependent on that, I mean the current set of junior anchors deciding to get more aggressive on store openings and if that's so, how selectively are you starting to see that?
Milton Cooper: Rob, perhaps you could address that question in terms of users.
Rob Nadler: Yeah. There is a few new Bed, Bath & Beyond, for instance, is very aggressive with their Christmas Tree, which is a junior anchor size store that's in its infancy right now. Similarly, Bed, Bath has their Bye, Bye, Baby, which is very similar to a Babies R Us and is under 30 stores today and in its infancy in terms of growth. You're seeing tenants like Nordstrom Rack being very aggressive, Ross with their DD's concept being very aggressive. TJ Max looking at some new concepts in the 10,000 to 12,000 square feet being aggressive. So we're seeing an increase. It's not wildly crazy, but we are seeing an increase and as mentioned earlier, we're seeing a nice stabilization of rents and several of these guys are sitting on a lot of cash and unable to fill their expansion needs today, again due to a lack of new development that's occurring.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is a follow-up from Mike Bilerman at Citi.
Quentin Velleley – Citi: Yeah, hi. It's Quentin here again. Just in terms of your leasing spreads and I know that you exclude leases that or new leases on space that's been vacant for more than 12 months. Could you give us a sense of what kind of spreads, new leases that have been granted in 12 months are vacant and what those spreads would have been?
Milton Cooper: Quentin, could you repeat the second part of your statement because you were fading out? I apologize.
Quentin Velleley – Citi: Yeah. I was just asking basically what the leasing spreads on new leases would have been if you had have included space that was vacant for more than 12 months?
Milton Cooper: Okay. Since we're reporting on a 12-month basis, I don't have that on my fingertips but we will…
Barbara Pooley: We do have it. I do have it. I'm looking – I had somebody go run get it because we did look at down 24-months to see what that looked like.
Milton Cooper: Give us a couple of minutes and we'll have it for you.
Dave Henry: We'll address it before the end of the call, Quentin, okay?
Mike Pappagallo: These people are calculating it as we speak.
Barbara Pooley: We'll come back to you, Quentin.
Mike Pappagallo: We promise, we'll let you back in.
Milton Cooper: We got it, Quentin. It's 10%. 10% on new leases, flat on renewals so in the aggregate, it's minus 2% when you put in the new leases and the renewals together. So you're looking at a 24-month down time. Does that help?
Quentin Velleley – Citi: Yeah. Got you. Thanks.
Milton Cooper: Yeah. Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ross Nussbaum with UBS.
Ross Nussbaum – UBS: Good morning, everyone. I'm curious what your reaction is to the first quarter retail sales numbers and I don't know if you had a chance to look at the April comps that just came in that were largely disappointing with a good two thirds of retailers missing expectations. How much of what we saw in the first quarter do you think was a little bit of a flash in the pan, knee-jerk. How sustainable do you think it is, how concerned are you about what you see in the economy and do you think that the renewed interest from retailers is something that could recool off again, 6, 12 months from now?
Mike Pappagallo: It's a very good question. I am – I have been waiting for the report, so I've not studied April. I have been anxiously waiting, as you know, March was very, very good fueled by, I think a lot of pent up demand as well as a Easter falling in the first week of April and a lot of the sales hitting in March. Recent meetings that I had in fact as recently as yesterday and the day before with several national retailers, there continues to be just cautious optimism on these guys' behalf, that the consumer is not – the consumer is still buying mostly out of need today and mostly looking to buy necessity goods, which fits well for our particular portfolio. So they're not coming back in herds, but they are coming back. They have pent up demand. The economy seems to be stabilizing and growing again, confidence is increasing, although unemployment figures are still not where people would like to be with the housing sector, but the retailers I talk to are cautiously optimistic. It's very interesting, again, the lack of new product, the guys that have survived this great recession, the solid retailers with good financial statements are sitting on very healthy earnings today. They've done an excellent job of downsizing their overhead and their costs and watching their margins and inventory control. They're in very good position today and some are very actually frustrated, not being able to find as many locations as they would like to fill. I was with Shoe Carnival yesterday who was looking for 30 to 35 and only has 10 to 12 spots right now that they'd like to fill, again, sitting on a lot of cash and in position to grow. So I'm optimistic, cautiously so, but I think there will be good, steady growth this year and I've not – again, I've not studied April but I'm anxious to take a look at it.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll take our next question from Chris Lucas at Robert W. Baird.
Chris Lucas – Robert W. Baird: Good morning, everyone. Just a question on the junior box environment. What do you have left in terms of vacancies and what kind of activity are you seeing on that – on those spaces at this point?
Mike Pappagallo: Well, I can tell you that from the original inventory of Linens, Circuit, Value City and a couple of other smaller junior boxes. We had originally 76 boxes to fill with our per rata share generally about 2 million square feet. We have successfully released over half of them. There were also eight or nine or so that were sold. We have seven under letter of intent. That leaves you with about 20 some odd that we are still working in the process and we've had various degrees of interest. But certainly this is the more difficult – the most difficult space in the portfolio. So there will – there will continue to be efforts on it but it may be longer term, more difficult to lease. That said, to echo Rob's earlier point, there is an increasing amount of activity by retailers and some pent up frustration in terms of utilizing their cash and increasing their footprint, so over time if the economy continues to improve and their expansion plans can be met, these boxes can be filled. It will most likely result in lower leasing spreads, so there may be some headline continuation of lower – negative leasing spreads because – driven by these releases, but we recognize that's going to be part of the environment and would be more than happy to accept it and fill these but could be chronic vacancy. But again, putting it all in context, Chris, I mean the 20 some odd boxes that are left represent for Kimco about – on a pro rata basis about 700,000 square feet. You put that in context of our overall portfolio, it's just not very impactful.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Nathan Isbee at Stifel Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee – Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah. Given you just closed on the first of – I guess the second generation of joint ventures, aside from Kimco keeping a bigger equity piece, what are some of the other changes that Kimco has implemented in these JVs, i.e. higher fees?
Mike Pappagallo: I'm glad you asked. It's a very good question. We are encouraged because as we find new institutional partners, the fee structure has actually improved. Some of these older joint ventures that we have, because they were such large joint ventures, we were not able to negotiate the asset management fees and some of the other fees that we are now able to get in some of the newer joint ventures. So the economics for us is improved with the new generation of joint venture partners and we are being adequately compensated as the operating partner for a whole host of services that range from property management to leasing, to construction management, to providing financing and so forth. So we're happy about the fee structure of the newer joint ventures.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs: Hi again. Milton, you made some comments on your top five retailers. I'm wondering if you can just speak broadly in terms of – I mean do you have a sense that retailers are adequately investing in their stores in terms of CapEx? And this would be their existing stores. And could you also touch on Sears, Kmart?
Milton Cooper: Well, I guess the exception has been that Sears has historically put relatively little capital in its stores. There seems to be a change in that and they are beginning to do some upgrading. Now, insofar as Sears and Kmart, their philosophy is it is a cardinal sin to sell anything at a loss, which means they don't have loss leaders and don't generate the same kind of traffic that the other retailers do. That, if you look at the last quarter, has begun to improve. So the jury is out. Sears has some very sophisticated investors who are fans of – they're Eddie Lambert fans and I think it's going to get better. Certainly their balance sheet is very strong.
Barbara Pooley: Operator?
Dave Henry: Are there any further questions?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Mike Bilerman with Citi. This is a follow-up.
Mike Bilerman – Citi: Yes. It's Michael Bilerman speaking this time. I guess, Dave, just thinking about the PL retail and having done the CPP deal and it sounds like the other couple of transactions that are in the work, as you think back to having bought the assets at around a 7.4 and then all of your contributions, I'm not sure if you were marking those assets up relative to that initial purchase price, in which case, the assets that you're going to wholly own at the end of the day out of that portfolio, you effectively got a higher yield relative to your initial expectations. Can you just walk through sort of that math and where you sort of stand?
Dave Henry: Well, first of all, it was a 7.6. We'd like you to at least give us credit for the higher cap rate, which was public. You are essentially correct. I have to be careful exactly how we walk you through the math, but you're essentially correct that the cap rate that we sold the assets into the CPP venture were sold at a lower cap rate than the average cap rate that we bought the entire portfolio. And CPP has authorized us to say that this new cap rate on these assets fully reflects the premium quality of those assets. So the blend, you're right, leaves us with a significantly higher cap rate on the residual assets that we had in the portfolio. I can't give you the exact math because we are limited from what we can say but your theory is essentially correct.
Mike Bilerman – Citi: It's in the top and the bottom, is that – I mean just round – you don't have to give me the exact, but just somewhere in the round ballpark.
Dave Henry: Again, I – we've negotiated carefully what we can say. We can say that the cap rate paid was less than the average and that the cap rate paid fully reflects the high quality of the assets. And third, that CPP will pay us asset management fees and other fees that are normally in our joint venture agreements. So net, net, net, it's a very nice deal for both parties.
Mike Bilerman – Citi: And just following up on that just quickly, you think back to, I think you mentioned, substantially increase the joint venture activity or the partners want to substantially increase their funding and you talked about how it would be a little bit of a shuffle between your joint ventures currently. When you think about them going and putting new capital work, CPP going out and buying new assets rather than assets on your books, how much capital are you earmarking for those efforts of new equity capital from your balance sheet and where is that going to – where are you going to source that from? Are you going to sell more assets or are you going to look to the equity markets to keep your leverage levels in check?
Mike Pappagallo: Well, Mike, the way I would respond to that is from time to time you see a sources and uses of our – for 2010, '11 and '12, we oftentimes publish that in our various public presentations. You will see that we have earmarked an additional estimate of about $100 million per year for what is called acquisition activity and that represents acquisitions, whether it be participation in new JVs, new capital. You also see on the other side of the ledger that we talk about dispositions of retail properties of a similar amount and that's in addition to the joint venture activity that we – like CP that we've talked about. Bottom line is that that base case plan using $100 million of Kimco equity does not contemplate common equity raised for the purpose. There are more significant transactions, very accretive transactions as I've said very often. We would pursue the equity market if it makes sense and we can justify an accretive and value enhancing transaction. But the base case plan now does not require it.
Mike Bilerman – Citi: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Chris Lucas with Robert W. Baird.
Chris Lucas – Robert W. Baird: Yes. Just a – kind of along the same lines, just some – maybe some color on the equity in JVs of 13 million that is – that was in the transactionals profits for the quarter. Can you give us some context for that?
Mike Pappagallo: The two things there, Chris, there was some – this was some of the transactional activity was generated. In one case, it relates to our investment in Albertson's, where that enterprise did sell some facilities, generating a profit and as you know, the Albertson's transaction gains and losses have historically been recognized in our funds from operation. It's in a taxable REIT subsidiary. And secondly in one of our operating properties, we did get an excess distribution on a refinancing of distribution. You can see that as an excess funding or promote, however you want to frame it that also hit the bottom line. Those were the two major drivers of the first quarter transactional activity. I would also mention that that second item was originally contemplated in our budget and in our FFO guidance that you see in the supplemental. The Albertson's transaction was not.
Chris Lucas – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our last question today from Nathan Isbee at Stifel Nicolaus.
Dave: Hey it's Dave Fick with Nate. David, following back on your observations regarding Mexico, I think you know I've had a chance to see some of those assets very recently and clearly it's accurate to say there's a lot of population that's underserved but it's very different in its characteristics. I'm just wondering if you were to take, say, an asset like your Reynosa HEB anchored center and compare it to a similar center across the border in McAllen, what type of risk premiums are appropriate given that there are many fewer investors who might someday be willing to take you out of that asset and given the political and now crime related risk?
Fick – Stifel Nicolaus: Hey it's Dave Fick with Nate. David, following back on your observations regarding Mexico, I think you know I've had a chance to see some of those assets very recently and clearly it's accurate to say there's a lot of population that's underserved but it's very different in its characteristics. I'm just wondering if you were to take, say, an asset like your Reynosa HEB anchored center and compare it to a similar center across the border in McAllen, what type of risk premiums are appropriate given that there are many fewer investors who might someday be willing to take you out of that asset and given the political and now crime related risk?
Dave Henry: It's difficult to say what the market cap rate in Mexico is today, because there's been a total lack of transactions for a significant period of time and many investors have withdrawn from the Latin American market, as they've chased better opportunities in the US as cap rates went up for a period of time. Now you're seeing that starting to reverse itself again. You're seeing investors begin to express interest in Latin America, both Mexico and Brazil being high on the – high on the charts. Myself, I believe given that every single lease has a full cost of living factor in it, including our anchors, including the fact that, for instance, every single one of our theaters has a substantial percentage rent provision on top of the CPIs, that that will begin to be very interesting for institutions to acquire these assets that are a much better inflation hedge than retail assets in the U.S. The credit quality of what we have, as you know, our anchor tenant, our income from anchor tenants, I think it's 36%, something like that in Mexico, which is far higher than others. We have over 30 Wal-Mart leases in Mexico as an example, so I believe that as the market recovers, these centers will be in great demand. At the peak, they traded at cap rates of 8%. If you remember, there was several very large transactions in Monterey that traded at an 8. I am not sure I could give you a guess today what the cap rate would be, but it would be above that but I believe it's rapidly going to come back down.
Dave Fick – Stifel Nicolaus: I guess my question is what would be your yield premium required to invest now there compared to a similar asset in the US as opposed to what the market is?
Dave Henry: Well, again, you have two types of assets. Most our investment has been development assets and development yield, as I said, would have to be substantially higher than a U.S. development yield. I would say in the mid-teens before it would start to be intriguing and most of that income would have to come from pre-leasing and anchor tenants. In terms of existing assets, I'd say it would have to be definitely double-digits, 11 or 12, something like that as a base case for us to be interested. But again, there's virtually nothing for sale right now.
Dave Fick – Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thanks.
Dave Henry: And we're still very proud of you seeing our properties on a motorcycle.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions. I'll turn it over to Miss Pooley, for any closing remarks.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks. As a reminder, our supplemental is on our website, www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks everybody for participating today.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Pooley – Senior Vice President Finance & Investor Relations Milton Cooper – Executive Chairman David Henry – President, Chief Executive Officer Michael Pappagallo – Chief Financial Officer David Lukes – Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Donnelly – Wells Fargo Craig Schmidt – Bank of America Christy McElroy – UBS [Quinton Villalay – Citi Group] Jonathan Habermann – Goldman Sachs Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan Ian Weissman – ISI Group David Wigginton – Macquarie Research Nick Vedder – Greenstreet Advisors Richard Moore – RBC Capital Markets Paul Morgan – Morgan Stanley Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill Ross for Christy McElroy – UBS David Fick – Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Welcome to Kimco’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker today, Barbara Pooley.
Barbara Pooley: Thank you all for joining the fourth quarter 2009 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Executive Chairman, Dave Henry, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Pappagallo, Chief Financial Officer and David Lukes, Chief Operating Officer. Other key executives are also available to take your questions as the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of the call represent the company and management’s hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future which are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s SEC filings.  During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include but are not limited to, funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question with appropriate follow up so that all callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue if you have additional questions, and if we have time at the end of the call we will address those questions. I’ll now turn the call over to Milton Cooper.
Milton Cooper: Thanks Barbara. A week ago Saturday, I read a Wall Street Journal article that contained a forecast that the U.S. population would grow by an additional 100 million people by 2050. Let’s think about that.  The 100 million population increase is more than three times the population of Canada and more than three times the population of Australia. This has to mean an increase in retail demand over the long term, and it also helps that there is very little new supply as development has stopped. It may me reflect on our company and our future. Our shopping centers have a higher proportion of land for total value than other asset classes. Thank goodness for required parking ratios. Our tenant rent streams permit us to land bank and at the same time provide current cash flow while awaiting the growth of value. Fortunately for us, our tenants are primarily discounters, warehouse clubs, supermarkets, drug stores and off price retailers that sell non discretionary essential items or cater to the growing consensus of consumers that are trading down.  We are in an interesting cycle of retailing. Conspicuous consumption is out. Value and price are in. According to a recent consumer survey, the three most popular brands were one, Wal Mart, two, Target, three, none. Department store shares of market have continued to decline. Off price retailers T.J. Maxx and Ross sales are up double digits. And if you look at the list of our top tenants, you will see the reason there’s some comfort level on our part. Kimco has developed shopping centers for over 50 years, but what is most gratifying is the team of leadership that we have developed. My three partners, Dave, Mike and David work together effectively to enhance our value. So without further adieu, let us hear from them and I’m delighted to introduce our Chief Executive Officer, Dave Henry.
David Henry: Thanks very much Milton. I am proud and excited about assuming the CEO role and I’m also very pleased about continuing our nine year partnership. It is an honor to work with you, the Board of Directors and other members of our senior management team. It is truly wonderful to be part of carrying on a 50 year tradition of retail real estate excellence. Given the challenges for all of us in the real estate business over the past year, and the numerous questions from a host of analysts, shareholders and institutional partners, I would like to take a minute to clarify our business strategy and address some of the concerns expressed over the past several months. We believe our business strategy is now simple and very clear. We are going to stay true to our retail roots and our core retail operating expertise. We are second to none in relationships with retailers, retail leasing experience, property management and retail redevelopment skills. We have the largest and most diversified portfolio of community and neighborhood shopping centers with more than 13,000 individual leases. This size and scale gives us many advantages and provides our company with a reliable and steady cash flow to support dividends and capital investments. Overall, and in summary, we are committed to equity ownership of quality retail real estate which will provide long term recurring income. In addition to our focus and emphasis on increasing the cash flow of our retail property portfolio, there are three other elements of our business strategy which we feel differentiate us and enhance our future growth and shareholder value. First, we remain dedicated to building an institutional management business by forming programmatic joint ventures and comingle funds with first class domestic and foreign institutional partners. Joint venturing with strong institutions helps us be competitive in acquiring high quality retail properties and the recurring fee income improves our returns on invested capital. Second, we continue to believe in the long term benefits of our international investments in both Canada and Mexico. In addition to diversification and synergies with many of our strongest U.S. retailers, both Mexico and Canada are significantly under retailed when compared to the U.S. Our largest tenants such as Wal Mart and Home Depot have recognized the advantages inherent in both of these markets and continue to expand aggressively. Last week, Target joined others in announcing that Mexico and Canada will be part of their long term expansion plans. As a third element of our retail strategy, we will definitely remain opportunistic in purchasing real estate owned by retailers. Kimco has a long tradition of profitable and opportunistic acquisitions of both vacant and occupied real estate portfolios owned by retailers. Examples include Albertson’s, Montgomery Ward, Venture Store, Heppinger Stores, Frank’s Nursery, Clover Stores and Gold Circle. Kimco has the relationships, underwriting expertise and leasing skills to make these investments an important part of creating shareholder value. As a summary, our strategy is simple; recurring income from quality retail real estate, enhanced by institutional managements, international real estate investments and opportunistic retail real estate acquisitions from retailers. On the other side of presenting in simple terms our strategic vision, I’d like to spend some time addressing core concerns mentioned in many of our analyst and investor reviews. First, there remains a question of explicit or implicit guarantees of debt in our retail joint ventures with institutions.  At the beginning of 2009, Kimco had guaranteed debt on behalf of retail institutional joint ventures totaling approximately $685 million primarily in our Prudential joint ventures. Today, through property sales and equity investments by the joint venture partners, this amount has been reduced to $331 million. By September 2010 this year, we are very confident that the guaranteed loan balances for the retail joint ventures will be completely repaid. With respect to implicit guarantees, all other retail institutional joint venture debt is in the form of non recourse property specific mortgages, and there are absolutely no partnership obligations of any kind to repay non recourse mortgage debt. Second, the amount and timing of deleveraging our balance sheet has been a popular topic. Mike Pappagallo has repeatedly defined our leverage objectives in terms of a net debt to EBITDA ratio, and as a management team, we are committed to reducing the net debt to EBITDA ratio to six times by the end of 2012 and to five times by the end of 2014. These are firm goals and should clarify the timing for everyone. Third, the disposition of our non retail portfolio of real estate investments of approximately $875 million has also been much discussed. It is important to understand that non retail does not mean not earning or not good. Our non retail investments vary widely, generally produce FFO and will be sold on a disciplined by accelerated basis over the next two to four years. Since the beginning of 2009, the non retail portfolio has been reduced by $150 million to date and we anticipate a minimum of $200 million of additional disposition in 2010. The fourth concern frequently mentioned is the price paid for the PL retail portfolio and the apparent lack of institutional partners participating in the purchase. As we said last quarter, the transaction came about very quickly and we strong believe that the price paid was attractive in relation to the high quality properties involved. We are actively working with several institutions with respect to various properties in this portfolio and we hope to be able to finalize one or more new joint ventures in the first quarter. As we place the PL retail properties in new lower leveraged long term institutional joint ventures, we hope investors will have less concerns and we remain very pleased to have acquired the portfolio when we did and with the price we paid. Now I’d like to turn it over to my esteemed partner and CFO, Mike Pappagallo.
Michael Pappagallo: Thank you Dave and good morning all. As reported last evening, we closed out the year with a fourth quarter FFO per share of $0.31. This was $0.02 higher than the consensus estimates. Comparing the results against last year’s fourth quarter and excluding impairment charges in both periods, FFO per share declined by $0.15 from $0.46 in the prior year. Substantially all of the decrease reflects the diluted caused by the re-equitation of the balance sheet earlier in 2009. On a full year basis, FFO per share was $0.82 including impairments and $1.33 excluding impairments. The later number compares to $2.49 per share in 2008. The overall reduction can be attributed to lower transaction activity of $0.53, the dilution from the equity offerings of $0.48 and lower income from our structured investments and non shopping center assets of $0.13. The decline in contribution from our shopping center business is modest at only $0.02. I offer that blizzard of numbers to underscore that the foundation of the business strategy that Dave just articulated on North American shopping center portfolio, has demonstrated its resiliency and stability during a very tough year. The move away from reliance on transactions for merchant building, preferred equity kickers and securities, the shut down of our non shopping center businesses, the mark to market on the asset required at the top of the cycle as well as the large re-capitalization of the company last spring, has certainly been painful in terms of short term financial results. But as we move into 2010 focusing our efforts on the four elements of the strategy Dave talked about and dissipating the four clouds that concern investors, I believe the consequence will be much more visibility and priority of our financial results and operating drivers, which in turn will reveal the strength and stability of our shopping center assets. To that point, the portfolio of idle signs at those shopping centers were solid this past quarter, following through on the positive turn started in the third quarter. Overall occupancy increased by 40 basis points from September to 92.8%. This increase was driven by lease up at certain of the former Linen and Circuit City boxes. Same store net operating income declined 1.1%, within our expectations and previous guidance offered to investors and while spreads on 467,000 square feet on new leases held by 6.9%, recognize that about 229,000 square feet related to the leasing of ten of those Linens and Circuit boxes at a negative spread of about 25%, a level of decline which we expected. Excluding those leases, the balance of the new signings showed a 2.1% increase. As our earnings release indicated, the tremendous increase in the GLA of new leases signed over the last year in face of a very tough environment, says a lot about our leasing organization and our asset quality. One other point about the reported leasing spread; our population of leases reflect new leases signed on spaces vacated over the past 12 months. We limit the comparable time period to a year in order to capture what the effect of roll over will be for the upcoming year for a specified amount of square footage. If a space has been vacant for over a year, the new lease income is pure upside in the projected estimate of NOI. Others might compute leasing spreads on a different basis, and there’s no single right answer, but the spreads quoted on leases for shorter cycle businesses such as apartments and sub storage may mean something different than spreads reported on long term leases in the shopping center business. So we just report those roll over’s over the past year to help focus on the immediate forward financial statement impact. All that said, we will continue to provide you with information with regards to the leasing activity on the junior box vacancies from Linen, Circuit and a few others regardless of the time period as we suspect that’s information you’d like to gain insight on. Our fourth quarter results did include additional impairment charges amounting to $34 million. However, this charge was almost completely offset by associated tax benefits recognized against those impairments and against the impairment charges taken earlier in the year in which tax benefits were not recognized at that time. Primary reason why we are now able to accrue the tax benefits is two fold. First, the recent change in carry back rules that extend the carry back period by an additional two years, and in addition, the establishment of certain tax planning strategies for our taxable subsidiary going forward which will generate additional income and will allow us to utilize these tax benefits in light of changes in our strategy including holding our development assets longer term and reducing leverage. With respect to the balance sheet, Dave mentioned our long term targets to resize the debt levels relative to our EBITDA and along with that, a gradual improvement in fixed charge coverage. We have also mentioned that it will not be a straight line at each three month measurement period. We cut the overall net debt to EBITDA 8.1 times and 6.8 times over the past 12 months. The uptick from the prior quarter was reflects the remaining debt assumed from the PL retail acquisition after we cleaned up the January 2010 maturities prior to this year end. And we continue to be comforted by the very manageable and well staggered debt maturities on the corporate balance sheet and joint ventures. We all recognize we will have to wait until August or September for the cloud of the guaranteed debt from Prudent/Kimco joint venture to lift, but we’re very confident that it will. Finally, we provided initial FFO per share guidance for 2010 in the range of $1.07 to $1.15. Underscoring these estimates is a cautious view of the retail environment. We expect occupancy to move up somewhat as we move through 2010 up to 50 basis points. As in the past, we will most likely see some fall out in the early part of the year, but build back as we move through 2010. Same store NOI is targeted to be flat to a slight roll back of minus 2% driven by what we expect to see in further short term pressure in leasing spreads. Also, our estimates included limited gains from transaction activity. Or on the flip side, any impairment charges. One research analyst suggested that companies either take the position of either being cautious or optimistic, but not both. We prefer to start cautious. That’s the right mindset to have along with the disciplined focus on the key elements of the strategy that Dave articulated. I’d now like to turn it over to David Lukes to give you his report on the shopping center portfolio.
David Lukes: Good morning. With the close of 2009, I’d like to give you some thoughts on a tumultuous year, results of the fourth quarter and what we’re doing in 2010 to focus our operating staff and execute our strategy. The short story on operations for the fourth quarter is encouraging. New leasing is up. Vacates are down. Operating expenses are down. Renewals are strong and the risk of tenancy violations has been considerably mitigated. As Mike mentioned, our total occupancy role is 92.8%. When we look at the U.S. portfolio, we executed 204 leases, representing 1.1 million square feet. The vacating tenants decreased substantially from the prior quarter to 780,000 square feet, therefore achieving a meaningful positive absorption of 50 basis points in the U.S. and settling our occupancy at 92.4%. Although vacates continues to be a heavy weight on our shoulders, strong new leasing has continued now for two quarters and I’d like to comment on how we’re achieving these results and what we’re doing to work hard at keeping our shopping centers vibrant. In this light, I think it’s best to describe the current state of our operations staff with two strategic viewpoints; that as a tenant and that as a landlord. Over the course of 2009, we strategically moved staff into a tenant relations department who supported our regional leaders in marketing our portfolio to national and regional retail chains. This team framework now has a year under its belt and successfully worked through 97 portfolio reviews with national tenants last year. During our time with these tenants we learned some valuable insights as to their temperament during a period of tough sales and came away with a few guide posts that is why we saw such positive absorption late last year. Firstly, tenants today whether large format or shop users, are following the consumer. The simple fact is that sales follow foot traffic and the sites with the best line up of tenants are tending to draw more leasing activity. This is particularly apparent in markets like Florida and the Northeast where abundant unanchored centers simply cannot keep pace with our anchored centers that show full parking lots and recognizable retail is bringing the sales volumes. Secondly, tenants are shying away from risk. Risk had a very high light shot out today from many businesses and the primary risk is whether people will be in the trade area to drive unit sales. When we looked through our portfolio, where 92% of GOA is in the trade area bound by the first ring highways, it’s no surprise in retrospect that leases are getting signed at centers in older, mature neighborhoods where the demographics department of a national retailer can measure and count on existing households to be active in the site. During my travels over the past quarter, I became reminded again that the closer the property is to the people, the better the occupancy and sales volume in the shopping center. To this end it’s one of our top goals to bring our large portfolio of mature properties and national retailers and show the strength of the trade area as they make choices about where they want to grow their businesses. From a landlord perspective, we’ve been heavily focused on the fact that 2009 and surely 2010 have a large qualitative component to our deal making. When supply is tight and demand is high, the last spaces to get leased at a shopping center are all about the rent. This is not the market today. Instead, we’re competing heavily with other centers in the trade areas and what we’re doing now is setting the table for growth by activity selecting the right tenants so that the line up in foot traffic is the first choice for future leasing. In the fourth quarter, we signed an enormous number of anchor and junior anchor leases, 29 in total. In most cases, the rent spreads on these deals was negative, anywhere from 10% to 30% less than the prior tenant. On the other hand, the tenants were strong; Lowe’s, Target, Bed Bath & Beyond, Nordstrom and Marshall’s are among those executed. In several cases this quarter we added a grocery component to a former power center, thereby adding consumer traffic with more frequency and the seeds for future rent growth in the shops. When SITEL Census last year presented an unusual number of junior anchor spaces, the choice from the landlord is simple; wait for a better day, sign the highest rent payer or sign the best tenant. We’ve been choosing the later because the shopper always follows quality tenants and the faster we can secure the best tenant lineup, the better the prospects for growth on remaining vacancies. Merchandising is often a subject reserved simply for retail conversation, but it also applies to the landlord and we will remain acutely focused on correctly merchandizing our properties. Our portfolio review process has taught us that this is the strategy that tenants want, and we’ll continue to selectively lease to the best tenants. Lastly, I’d like to comment on how our strategy is producing results for shop leasing and it’s been a very popular subject throughout last year. Although demand is still tepid in many markets, we’re seeing that this category is again searching for the best tenant lineup to use as a customer draw and reduce their risk. We saw a large uptick in shop leasing in the fourth quarter, a total of 175 new leases that account for almost half a million square feet. Rents for these spaces are wildly divergent by market, but in aggregate they’re still 8% higher than the previous tenant was paying. Tenants follow traffic and rent goes up with sales. As we look forward to 2010, we believe that the current trend for our first string properties will continue. A stable but not exuberantly leasing market, high but growing vacates, high renewal rates and a significant pressure on junior active leasing spreads while maintaining shop spreads to the positive. Our operating staff worked very hard in 2009 as half of our leasing agents completed more than 40 new deals per person. Most of our property managers squeeze recurring rates down and our redevelopment and ancillary income departments added new programs every quarter. We’ll continue in 2010 to be very focused on our fundamentals of our shopping center business and creating value for our shareholder. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Barbara.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks David. In just a moment we’ll move on the question and answer portion of the call. Please respect the limit of one question. Operator, we’re ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeffrey Donnelly – Wells Fargo.
Jeffrey Donnelly – Wells Fargo: I want to direct a question toward Mike Pappagallo and your comments on leasing spreads. Maybe I missed it in the filings, but what specifically were the leasing spreads on the junior boxes and can you give us the 2009 leasing spreads regardless of downtime or size?
Michael Pappagallo: I made reference to those specific junior anchor leases that were referred to in our press release. They were 10 for the quarter and 21 for the full year. That was approximately a 25% roll down on those leases. I don’t have available in front of me leasing spreads regardless of down time. The reason why I made that point was to clarify how Kimco computes it and we traditionally use that 12 month time frame.
Jeffrey Donnelly – Wells Fargo: Can you talk a little bit about the market that you’re seeing out there for acquisitions and how that’s been shifting and whether or not you’re going to see growing opportunities in the coming quarters.
Milton Cooper: We’ve mentioned it before. The market in our opinion is tightening up. The cap rates are drifting down and they’re not going up and there is a shortage of quality retail real estate for sale. There is definitely much more capital looking for opportunities to purchase good shopping centers than there are shopping centers available. We, like everybody else are looking over our shoulders at the mountain of debt maturities and wondering whether that will trigger a lot more supply, but for the moment, we can definitely say that cap rates are going down, and if there is a good quality shopping center placed on the market, it had numerous, numerous bids and cap rates in our opinions are in the low sevens for a good quality product and may break through that soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Schmidt – Bank of America.
Craig Schmidt – Bank of America: I’m continuing with Jeff’s questioning. Where do we stand in regard to the vacancies of the junior anchors given your 21% relief? How many more vacated spaces need to be leased and do you think that 25% roll down gets better or worse going forward?
David Henry: We’re dealing with two sets of numbers. One is the total junior anchors in the portfolio which I would categorize anywhere between 10,000 and 60,000 square feet is traditionally a junior depending on the site. What Mike’s been mentioning is how we’re doing on specifically the Linen’s and Circuit City bankruptcies. When you look at Linen’s and Circuit together, we started with 58 total vacancies. We’re re-leased, executed 29 of those. Eight more have a guarantor and so are dark in paying. Five are under letter of intent today, but we’ve got 16 left as we go forward throughout the year. So we’re making good progress. I would say that the rent spread trend when you look in aggregate, anywhere from a 10% to 30% roll down is just really depending on which space it is you lease, and as you can imagine, the better spaces lease first and the spaces that are tougher take a little bit more time. So I certainly wouldn’t expect the rent spread on the junior anchors to improve. Having said that, demand has improved substantially from what it was three or four months ago and a lot of retailers are now submitting NOI’s on junior anchor spaces that four or five months ago had no activity. So those two might start to cancel each other out and we might start to see a little bit of stabilization from the junior anchor rents.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christy McElroy – UBS
Christy McElroy – UBS: Continuing on the line of questioning, are some of the leases that you’re waiting to sell with the right tenant but doing it at a 10% to 20% negative spread, are you signing shorter leases than you’ve done in the past to potentially to see more upside down the road or are these typical long term leases for these tenants?
David Henry: They’re typical long term leases. Frankly, if you look at the tenant perspective, a tenant is unlikely, if it’s a really good high quality tenant, they’re unlikely to sign a three or five year lease. They want time to invest capital and start growing their business. When you’re going to see shorter term leases is if you’re trying to do temporary tenants or pop up stores or something just to keep activity in a site, but in general we have not gone down that strategy simple because when you look at the tenants we’re securing, we’re happy with the credit. Of the 10 Florida cities that held Linen’s and Circuit City’s, we’ve got virtually all of them with good credit and they’re good strong retailers that I mentioned during my remarks, so we’re pretty happy with the tenants there looking to expand in our markets and we’re kind of continuing on that traditional 10 year base term.
Christy McElroy – UBS: What kind of re-leasing spread assumptions are implicit in your same store NOI for 2010 both in terms of the space that’s been vacant less than 12 months and greater than 12 months?
David Henry: Hard to forecast specifically but we do expect roll down. We do expect negative spreads but within the single digit range.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Quinton Villalay – Citi Group]
[Quinton Villalay – Citi Group]: A question on the Prudential joint venture, I think there’s $370 million of debt maturing in the joint venture this year. Can you give us an update on where you are in terms of refinancing that debt? How much equity might be needed to re-finance it and whether or not you’re looking at potentially buying additional assets out of the joint venture to assist in the refinancing?
Milton Cooper: The lion’s share of the debt that’s maturing is the balance of the unsecured debt that matures in August and that amount today is $319 million is due August of this year. And both Prudential and Kimco will pay their proportionate share which is 85% and 15% respectively at that time. In the meantime, we continue to sell certain assets out of the venture and the proceeds will be used to further chip away at that $300 million plus unsecured debt. We’ve made that process is accelerating. I’d say the sale assets are beginning to accelerate a little bit. As we have announced, we have bought a number of the assets at 85% interest at what we think are opportunistic prices. The balance of what we formerly called the sale bucket does not have interest to us at this time and they’re out on the market and beginning to get some traction in selling those assets. So it’s difficult to project exactly how much equity will be needed to clean up that unsecured debt in August, but Prudential assures us they are prepared to write their check and different funds that are in the ventures with us have plenty of liquidity, so we really honestly are not concerned about that. In the other ventures and some Prudential debt I thing there are some mortgages but we’ve done a good job and we continue to be attractive owner of properties for life companies. Life companies have plenty of liquidity now and as long as you can live with relatively conservative loan to values, mortgage refinancing is available out there.
[Quinton Villalay – Citi Group]: I think you mentioned there was $331 million of debt guaranteed in the Prudential joint venture, is that related just to the unsecured facility or how does that work?
Milton Cooper: Exactly. In the very beginning of the venture we guaranteed approximately $650 million. Glen is clarifying. So the $1.2 billion of debt was whittled down to $650 million at the beginning of 2009 and has been further whittled down to a little over $300 million. And this was guaranteed by Kimco but Prudential, turned around and indemnified us and guaranteed 85% of that amount which they have honored. In this past August, there was a partial payment due and Prudential wrote a check I think well over $100 million as part of that. So again, we’re hoping that investors and analysts concern about the guarantees that Kimco has outstanding here will go away, especially in August when it’s completely cleared up. As a management team, we’re committed going forward in our investment management business to keep the mother ship completely separate if you will, from joint ventures. So we will not guarantee debt on behalf of partners going forward. We do have some to clean up and we will clean that up in short course.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Habermann – Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann – Goldman Sachs: You’ve given explicit guidance for deleveraging now over the next two to three years, 2012 which would imply about $1.5 billion reduction in total debt, about half of which comes from the sale of non core assets, but that would seem to indicate that you’ve got issue equity of somewhere around $600 million to $700 million over the next two to three years. Can you walk us through because it sounds like most of that will be used toward deleveraging the joint ventures?
Milton Cooper: I cannot answer or agree with your specific calculation at this point. Recognize this is a net debt EBITDA calculation which will mean there will be debt reduction which will be driven from this position of non shopping center assets. There will be an increase in EBITDA which will be driven from the portfolio and as we’ve mentioned before, it will be Mexico’s lease up over the next two to three and is an important part of that overall calculation. To the extent, and I’ve said this before, to the extent that there is an equity issuance, to the extent that there are, we are certainly focused on acquiring assets accretively with the use of equity. So it’s a triangulation of increased EBITDA, reduction of debt from the disposition of non shopping center property and potential equity raises in connection with value enhancing transactions. So if you put all those pieces together, and that’s the formula for us to get to the number. But to imply because of those statistics that we are going to issue diluted equity for debt reduction is incorrect and I want to re-emphasize that in this telephone call.
Jonathan Habermann – Goldman Sachs: In terms of getting to the five time net debt to EBITDA, should we take that as you’ve got a fairly cautious view on the retail climate for the next four years?
David Henry: I think it’s more initially that you’re going out in effect to five full fiscal years, to the end of 2014, a lot can happen. Let’s rewind back to where we were in 2005 to 2010. So the notion of approaching or targeting that number is again, to bring the ultimate capital structure of Kimco back to, and I like to use the phrase, back to 1998, 1999, when we were essentially a pure shopping center company with a modest and conservative capital structure, and essentially a flow business with shopping centers. That’s our ultimate target. But underneath that is not any particular economic assertion about were leasing, where retail, where flows will be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan: On the $1.5 billion of non core assets, what is the current NOI yield today that’s reflected in the guidance? Is it 6%, 7% or higher?
Michael Pappagallo: I guess if you’re grossing up for the debt, the yield to Kimco on its balance sheet investment of just under $900 million, somewhere in the $800 million to $75 million, rough order of magnitude is between 5% to 6%. As Dave indicated in the prepared remarks that many of these assets produce FFO. The two most notable are the Velot convertible note which yields 9% plus and our In Town Suites investments still generates positive FFO offset in part by certain pre development assets that we put into play, most notable the urban assets. So it pencils into a 5% to 6% handle when all is said and done.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan: Is that a 5% to 6% FFO yield after debt service or is that a NOI number? If we’re looking at the 1475, just thinking of it like we would going out and buying a shopping center for $100, what’s the yield on that?
Michael Pappagallo: It’s a return on our investment so it is a FFO yield on the $875 million or so.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan: On the development pipeline, can you quantify particularly for the assets that are operating but not yet stabilized, I think it’s about a $600 million pool, how much NOI is currently being thrown off today from that pool that’s in the numbers just to get to the delta between what’s to come when it’s stabilized?
Michael Pappagallo: I would suggest for that you would use about a 6% handle because they are not stabilized. I think that’s probably the best number for your modeling purposes.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan: So about 6% in place today and the target is about a 10%?
Michael Pappagallo: Between 9% and 10%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Weissman – ISI Group.
Ian Weissman – ISI Group: In your comments you talked about going back to your roots and looking for opportunistic opportunities with buying distressed retailers. Maybe you could talk a little bit about that landscape, number one. And number two, I would say one of the only areas we’re seeing a little bit of distress right now is in the books and music stores with the announcement of some major store closings at Movie Gallery. How do you think that plays out? What is your ultimate exposure to that business group?
David Lukes: The exposure in both categories is not that great. I don’t have it in front of me the Borders and Barnes and Noble, but they’re certainly on our supplementals. In both cases, those were traditional retailers in some pretty good markets and some pretty good locations because they were desired tenants for the last decade or so. So my concern is not all the great and certainly that business is still hanging in there but struggling also on fundamental.  As far as Movie Gallery goes, we’ve got 12 right now. Three of them are in the REIT and another nine are in joint ventures and the total share of income is fairly insignificant. So again, that retailer would probably fall into my category of not overly concerned about it. As we go forward, it just depends. Certain retailers struggle and move in and out of operating. Some of them are going to be positive for us in terms of rent spreads and ability to recapture space and some of them will be negative. So we’ll see over time which if any of those start to give back space to us.
David Henry: In terms of the opportunity, I think the point I was trying to make is embedded in the nature of Kimco and the history of Kimco, is we have the relationships with the retailers and we have done a lot of work over the years to try to identify opportunities where the retailers own outright a lot of their real estate. Now the number of retailers that own a lot of their own real estate has been declining somewhat so I’d say the universe of opportunities has gone down somewhat and the number of people that would also like to take advantage of those opportunities has increased. And this is very lumpy. Albertson’s was a huge deal, 600 some grocery stores acquired all at one time, a very lumpy deal. Montgomery Ward which was a signature deal for Kimco was always very lump.  So it’s very difficult to predict. So we’re just trying to tell you that we’re committed as part of our strategy to enhance value. We will continue to mine those opportunities, those relationships and we’d like to structure a win/win with these retailers. For instance, if a struggling retailer needs capital we would do a sales lease back with them at a very high rent. So if they make it, it’s very profitable to us. If they don’t make it, we’ve backed into some very good real estate at a low basis.
Ian Weissman – ISI Group: So you wouldn’t say though that over the next 12 months you see a lot of distress across the retailers where it would create opportunities I guess is my point.
David Henry: I’d say it may be more limited than you would think because a lot of these are leased real estate.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Wigginton – Macquarie Research.
David Wigginton – Macquarie Research: You mentioned your expectation of some fall out among retailers in the early part of the year. Barring any major fall out do you show your portfolio as already bottomed from an occupancy and NOI standpoint and if now, where do you expect the additional down side or weakness to come from?
David Lukes: Barring any bankruptcies, I think it’s pretty clear based on last quarter in terms of a shift in demand and a lack of new product that I would say yes, that the occupancy has stabilized and you’re seeing the NOI, same store NOI this last quarter represent that as well as the occupancy going up.  So I feel pretty good about the next year with the one caveat being, we just don’t know. As tenants start to downsize their own formats or they start to shut stores in certain markets, what if any effect that will have on our portfolio. To date, the retailers that have decided to shrink their market has traditionally been in the housing growth areas and not in the older suburbs, so that’s been encouraging for us and it hasn’t been a big issue year to date or even last year. So we’ll see as it goes forward, but barring any unforeseen bankruptcies, we feel pretty confident that we’re bumping along the bottom and we’ve got some good volume going forward.
David Wigginton – Macquarie Research: Even in the midst of retailers downsizing are there not some retailers that are looking to expand as a means of growth given the weak comp sales growth that they’ve been experiencing and does that offset some of that downsizing?
David Lukes: Yes, it certainly has. If you look at last quarter, in a three month period at least 29 junior anchor spaces it was about 700,000 square feet and the quarter before, we leased about 600,000 square feet. So you’re talking about an enormous amount of square footage being eaten up by the junior anchor categories that seven months ago was my top concern. So that has been very encouraging. And you’re right, they have a true footprint growth from a number of chains. Nordstrom, Marshall’s, Ross, H.H. Gregg, a lot of them are actually growing their footprint and the only way to do it right now is to fill vacant space in existing shopping centers because there is no development pipeline. So that’s been a very positive force right now and if the continues even at a modest pace, that’s going to help us a lot on occupancy. Shop space has been fairly stable as well and that’s an encouraging sign given where the economy is with small shops. So all of those things are adding up to some fairly positive momentum. We just have to remember that every year you’ve got junior anchors also rolling and expiring, and given the fact that our centers were developed 10 years ago, you do have some roll over of tenants and that’s a risk we have to be aware of in trying to get these tenants to stay in their current format and their current location.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nick Vedder – Greenstreet Advisors.
Nick Vedder – Greenstreet Advisors: I understand some of the assets you acquired from the Prudential joint venture were originally marketed for sale so I’m just curious how you determined the purchase price at which you bought back those assets and how that compared to the highest bid.
David Henry: David you might speak a little bit about the Portland asset and why we decided to step up there.
David Lukes: I guess the best way to attack that is to also mention that we did buy some properties out of the Prudential sale bucket but we also sold a lot of them. So the ones that we chose to buy late in the game last quarter were primarily because we got to a stability of occupancy and a price per square foot that made it very positive for us to make the investment in a specific market. Specifically it was Portland where we bought six properties. We spent a lot of time in the market. I believe we’re the largest institutional owner of shopping centers in Portland. We’ve got an office there and we’ve got a pretty good handle on where the market is going. So when you look at the occupancy level and the price per square foot which is I believe was around $69.00 a square foot, it was a very positive investment for us to stay in that market. It’s fairly supply constrained. They have a specific way of not having suburban sprawl by an urban growth boundary. Retailers seem to do well there and those properties for us are a good long term way to create value because we’ve got vacancy that came for free that we can lease up. The second reason that you’ll see those assets being positive for us is that some of them have shorter term leases and therefore a private investor, even though they like the center and they like the tenants, had a hard time six months ago financing those properties. But from our perspective, they had a very good set of grocery stores and junior anchors. So for instance, a Safeway we’re going to have maybe six years left on their base term, not very financeable, but since we have a huge portfolio with Safeway they convinced us that they’ve made investments in that store and they’re going to stay.  So those are reasons why an order to combine all cash to do a lot better or did last year when a buyer looking for a finance property couldn’t quite make the acquisition.
David Henry: A part of your question was to inquire whether Kimco paid a higher price than what the market was offering just to get the asset. The answer is no.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Moore – RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore – RBC Capital Markets: The base rent and the average base rents and the leasing spreads in Mexico seem like they were down this quarter and you’ve talked about getting some $60 million of NOI from that portfolio going forward. Are we going to capture some of that this year do you think or what’s happening to the portfolio in Mexico?
David Henry: Let me just talk in general. As an example of the potential upside, we opened seven new shopping centers in the fourth quarter in Mexico. These are situations where I think nine different anchor stores opened up in Mexico more so than the United States. Opening the anchor stores triggers the rest of the leasing. So until you get the Wal Mart and the theater and others actually opened, it is very difficult to lease the small local stores in Mexico, with the exception of our large project in Hermosillo which will come on in April of 2010. Almost everything else, the construction is now done. So we do see upside.  With respect to leasing spreads and rents, Mexico just like the U.S., dropped dead early in 2009. The retailers, even the most successful retailers like Liverpool in Mexico just suspended all new leasing as they held their breath about the world economic crisis and what was happening in the U.S. As you know, remittances from Mexicans in the U.S. were way down. So a lot of retailers just simply stopped. There was a fear that was pervasive similar to the U.S. As David explained, when the U.S. starting in the third and now the fourth quarter leasing is picking in Mexico. So we expect rents to resume there with growth upwards and I think you’ll see some much more positive numbers coming out of Mexico. The sales are good. We’re starting to get some nice percentage rents. The theaters and many of our grocery stores pay percentage rents which is different than the U.S. We feel good. Every time I go down there, the quality of the centers we have down there is first class and I would encourage all of you on the phone to just go take a look at one or two of ours down there. We feel very good.
Richard Moore – RBC Capital Markets: As you look beyond Mexico for Latin America, is there a reacceleration with regard to Latin America or is that still quite a way out do you think?
David Henry: We’ve pretty much determined to concentrate on the North America footprint. That’s where our retailers are really focused. What we have in South America has actually done very well, places like Chile and Brazil have held up. But for us, we just have so few properties down there and it’s not the time to ramp up. The economics are not compelling because it is a development game in Latin American and there’s certainly better opportunities we have in our own North American footprint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Morgan – Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan – Morgan Stanley: If you look at the junior anchor leasing, the success that you’ve had recently, what’s the mix of opening dates? How far off are some of these when they’ll actually start income producing? You mentioned 2010, 2011 and 2012, beyond that?
David Henry: Normally the rent commencement date is going to be inside 12 months. Remember that there is not a whole lot of work that has to go into these. We don’t have to get entitlements. We don’t have to build new buildings. It’s most an interior renovation and then the tenant opens and starts paying rent. None of that has extended periods of free rent. They were primarily $20.00 to $30.00 work letter and a ten year term and they usually start paying rent sometime in 2010. So we’ll start to see that partial year 2010, full year in ’11.
Paul Morgan – Morgan Stanley: If you look at what’s left, can you characterize the difference between the big box spaces that you got back in ’08 that you’ve resigned and those that are left? Can you characterize the resiliency of the demand and entering suburbs? What’s the mix of what’s left? How much of it is entering suburbs versus weaker markets, housing growth type sub markets that could have a much longer tail to find a taker.
David Lukes: That’s a tough question to give a specific answer to because it’s going to be dependent entirely on the markets. For example, even if you’ve got a pretty good space right now in Las Vegas or Phoenix, you’ve got virtually no activity in those markets. Very difficult for the retailers, a lot of product on the market. So even though the dirt may be an A, you probably have demand of a C, and that will just have to work itself out over time. There are other markets where the box is an A, but the market itself is maybe secondary or tertiary and I would suspect as we go through this year we’ll start to see that the junior anchors, where they were six months ago were only focused on the top 20 MSA’s, they’re going to start to move into the next 20 or 30 MSA’s because those sub markets still have a lot of population. They’ve got stability in the population in the spending and when you’re in footprint growth, you’re going to be looking at secondary markets. We’ve already seen that where we’ve been leasing junior anchor spaces outside of the five largest cities. Unfortunately, it’s just going to be time. There are a portion that I think are just in over supply markets but I can’t really give you off the top of my head a break down of which ones are which. We’ll probably know more in the next quarter or two.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill: Going to the write downs, the ones that you took this quarter, did you apply the same valuation metrics that you used in prior quarters or have you been tightening up and taking a harsher stand on the write downs?
David Henry: No, it’s essentially the same methodology and structure that we have done historically over the past couple of years. You really need to do that to maintain consistency from an accounting and audit point of view.
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill: So all the target returns and all the thresholds etc., they’re all the same that you would have used over this past year and in prior years.
David Henry: Yes. Certainly we look at current market conditions in evaluating terminal capitalization rates and discount rates we refer to through a variety of external sources as well to provide any corroborating evidence to the audit process. But the techniques and methodology are essentially the same.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Weissman – ISI Group.
Ian Weissman – ISI Group: I have a question on the rent spreads you achieved. I think you said they were down 25%. What were the key eyes on those junior anchor spaces?
David Lukes: Are you talking about junior anchor spaces in general? I referred to the 10 boxes that were released in the current quarter which experienced about a 25% roll down. That’s what you are specifically targeting. We have prospective TI on those boxes in front of us right now. We can get that for you. But in general, it’s anywhere from as is to $30.00 to $40.00 for a TI.
Ian Weissman – ISI Group: If it’s as high as $30.00 or $40.00 how is that trended from 12 or 18 months ago?
David Lukes: It’s come down. It’s come down because the demand has gone up. So even as recently as yesterday we had one vacant junior anchor box that we now have four letters of intent on and the first one came in with a $30.00 work letter and the last two came in as is. So the TI’s has definitely pulled in a lot from six of eight months ago and it’s simply because there are more junior anchors there looking for space. Where that might be different is if the building is very old and it needs to have a lot of work done to it, but to date it has not been a big issue. You can see that in the TI’s per square foot for our new leases. If you look back over the past couple of quarters, it kind of moved up a little bit but it still stabilized in the low to mid teens.
Ian Weissman – ISI Group: So you wouldn’t say you had to offer big TI packages to get those boxes leased at this point.
David Lukes: On a couple of occasion in the last year we have, but other than that it’s been pretty stable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross for Christy McElroy – UBS.
Ross for Christy McElroy – UBS: Is an IPO on Westmont a possible here? Can you talk about the preferred equity? You’ve got roughly half a billion in 600 assets called 22 million square feet. What are we looking at in terms of the maturity schedule there of when those are going to get repaid and realistically how much of that 22 million square feet is effectively going to turn into a loan to own.
David Henry: On Westmont, I don’t think it’s realistic to assume an IPO exit until rev par increases significantly from where it is today. We have seen in our portfolio which is primarily the In Town Suites portfolio that it has bottomed out and is beginning its way back. If you recall, this is a portfolio of lower end extended stay hotels primarily in the Southeast and Southwest. So it looks like its getting healthier but until it gets back to former NOI levels, and until the hospitability market overall is perceived to be healthy and that’s probably tied to the economy, I don’t see an IPO as a reasonable exit. Since we own the platform as well as the assets, it would be attractive we believe at some point for a hospitality owner to pick up our brand if you will, and our 130 some hotels as part of that. So I think it’s more likely to be a private exit to a larger hotel group to round out their offerings in connection with or not in connection with their own IPO. The preferred equity, it’s really two baskets. We have our non retail preferred equity which we’re committed to disposing of and liquidating over time and there’s a variety of techniques we are using asset by asset and partner by partner to dispose of those. Some of these assets are on the market and they will be sold and the proceeds divvied up. Others will be refinanced. In some cases the partner is buying out our interest as a way to keep the asset. And so we’re going to unwind these. If you recall, our preferred equity portfolio had lots and lots of small investments. These averaged a couple million bucks, so they’re not very big. They’re not big deals and we do have people assigned to each individual one. The retail preferred equity portfolio is somewhat different. In general, it is very high quality shopping centers that we have a good basis in. One-third of the retail is in Canada and there is substantial unrealized gain. Some of those ventures or some of those preferred equity investments we may convert to pursue joint ventures and hold for the long term because they’re really first class assets. Others will also be sold. Cap rates as you know in Canada are very attractive right now and we have some substantial unrealized gains that we may use to offset possible impairments on some of the non retail stuff as a way to exit non retail over time on an accelerated basis. But there’s various techniques we’re going to use on the retail side. But in general, we feel very good about the retail side of the preferred equity. But we’re committed over time to basically reduce both parts of the preferred equity portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Quinton Villalay – Citi Group]
[Quinton Villalay – Citi Group]: In your opening remarks you talked a little bit about selling about $200 million or a minimum of $200 million of non core assets in 2010. Can you talk a little bit about what the current yield is on that $200 million and how you think about the timing of the disposition? And Mike, can you clarify your net debt to EBITDA target, are those consolidated or a see through including the joint ventures, just to make it apples to apples with the numbers you presented in the supplement.
Michael Pappagallo: The numbers that David mentioned are consolidated.
David Henry: On the non retail side, I would emphasize again a minimum of $200 million. So we’re committed. We are committed to disposing of the non retail portfolio on an accelerated basis, but a disciplined basis. We are not going to give these assets away just to get this number down. As you probably know, and to piggy back on some of Mike’s comments, the non retail portfolio really has four components. We have the Velot note which is a large note. It pays us 9.5% on a gross basis. It’s been current from day one. Velot as a company is getting its legs underneath it. Its got a three year maturity worst case. But this is a company that needs to raise equity. It needs to pay down debt. We’re a company that would like to go home. So there may be something to be done with this over time. But we can’t predict it. Secondly, the hotel portfolio; that’s probably more problematic in terms of the short term. We still feel good about it long term. It is producing 8.5%, something like that FFO return on our equity investment so that’s not so bad. The third piece as Mike referred to is the urban portfolio. We have $200 million plus of assets scattered in four different cities. We are beginning to see activity both in New York and in Boston, individual investors buying these building from us. In general they are very good quality buildings, but they were bought as redevelopments. But we’re beginning to see interest in those and I believe in at least the second quarter if not in the first quarter that we will make some things happen in that urban portfolio. The fourth piece is just a huge eclectic range of assets, generally small assets of all kinds of non retail assets and all kinds of asset classes. And again we have a business plan by asset to dispose of these assets and we’re doing everything we can to move it along, and the market seems to be going a little bit our way now as investors are returning with a vengeance and looking for opportunistic acquisitions. So we think we’ll make things happen. We’re committed to at least $200 million. If we can do more, we will do more and we’re hoping some of the investor community concern about the non retail will go away as we chip away.
Michael Pappagallo: In terms of trying to get a financial framework around that, I think you said based on Dave’s comment about things that can be sooner rather than later and the composition of what he just said is probably not unfair to use the average yield that we provided at an earlier question as a proxy for the yield that would be removed on the $200 million plus of disposal should we be so successful.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Fick – Stifel Nicolaus.
David Fick – Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to follow up on your guidance as to where you are projecting occupancy to end up for the year.
David Henry: Essentially as we run through our business plan, in looking forward to the end of 2010 our expectation is that we could increase the occupancy up to 50 basis points.
David Fick – Stifel Nicolaus: I’m sorry. What I was really looking for is what do you expect to happen in the constitution of the sentence as you go through that process. Is it national retail bankruptcies that you’re assuming or mom and pop activity?
David Henry: If I understand your question correctly, it’s assuming that the trend over the last two quarters will continue that we see demand from nationals and locals alike. In general, we’re projecting rents based on the nationals because we want to select a better quality of tenant and that the shop demand is going to be tepid but probably hanging in there not seeing a great decline. What we have not included is a series of selected retailer bankruptcies so we’re really projecting our existing tenant base plus the absorption positively over the course of the year.
Operator: There are no further questions. At this time I’d like to turn the conference back over to Barbara Pooley for any additional or closing remarks.
Barbara Pooley: As a reminder our supplementals are on our website www.kimcorealty.com Thanks everyone for participating today.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Barbara Pooley - SVP, Finance and IR Milton Cooper - Chairman and CEO Dave Henry - President and CIO Mike Pappagallo - CFO David Lukes - COO
Analysts:  Craig Schmidt - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Michael Bilerman - Citi Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs Michael Mueller - JPMorgan Ian Weissman - ISI Group Ross Nussbaum - UBS Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill David Wigginton - Macquarie Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Kimco's third quarter earnings conference call. Please be aware, today's conference is being recorded. As a reminder, all lines are muted to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker today, Barbara Pooley. Please proceed, Mrs. Pooley
Barbara Pooley: Thank you, Lauren. Thank you all for joining the third quarter Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Chairman and CEO; Dave Henry, President and Chief Investment Officer; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Financial Officer; and David Lukes, Chief Operating Officer. Other key executives are also available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management's hopes, intentions, believes, expectations or projections of the future which are forward-looking statements. It's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question with appropriate follow-up so that callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue if you have additional questions and if we have time at the end of the call, we'll address your questions. I'll now turn the call over to Mike Pappagallo.
Mike Pappagallo: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning. There is certainly no shortage of news to digest with the CEO announcement, quarterly earnings, our portfolio performance and acquisition activity. We issued the earnings press release earlier than planned to allow you to digest it all. Hopefully, we can clarify your concerns and answer you questions. I will spend a few minutes discussing the quarterly financial results and capital market actions. David Lukes will provide insight to our core shopping center business results and trends. Dave Henry will address our business strategy to grow and enhance that shopping center franchise and specifically the purchase of our partner's interest in the PL Retail portfolio and selected assets from our Prudential joint venture. And finally, Milton will address the leadership actions and thoughts on our future. Let me be the first to congratulate Dave on his CEO appointment. He has been a great friend and business partner since I first met him in 1991 in the (inaudible) of the last great real estate downturn and I look forward to helping him execute the company's strategy going forward. Let me cover a few areas. First our operating results. FFO per share of $0.30 represents the solid results from core operations and was consistent with our expectations. The headline numbers versus last year show a large drop which was influenced by a substantial amount of transactional gains in 2008 everything ranging from gains on the Albertson's investment, sales with preferred equity investments and so on. Of the $0.38 drop in FFO per share, $0.25 is due to transactional income, $0.12 related to the dilutive effect of the equity raise earlier this year and everything else was virtually a push. The 2009 numbers underscore the steady state virtually the entire EBITDA base generated from recurring operating flows. Our results were lower for [Presco] by a $0.01 attributable to the acceleration of the deferred financing costs from the term loan we originated earlier this year that was scheduled to mature in 2011. However, as you are aware, we reentered the bond market in the third quarter by issuing a $300 million 10-year note at a spread of 350 basis points for a coupon of 6.875. I was more than happy to pay down the term loan even if it meant a hit against earnings with the original loan cost as we were able to improve an already solid debt maturity profile. I will get back to the balance sheet in a couple of minutes. David will expand upon the dimensions of the portfolio performance, but at a high level we were encouraged by our occupancy levels increasing to 92.4%, a 10 basis point increase from last quarter. Now, one clarification I need to make on the occupancy statistic. we now include stabilized shopping centers, those that have reached 90% occupancy that were previously part of our merchant building program. We used to exclude them as the concept was that they would move in an out of the portfolio. However, as we are no longer marketing the properties for sale and will remain in the portfolio for the long-term, the inclusion of these assets was not the reason for the increase. It was due to positive absorption. But I mention it for those tracking the reported occupancy statistics from last quarter, which have been recapped to 92.3% to ensure comparability. Same-store NOI for the quarter posted at a negative 3.6% and on a year-to-date basis was negative 2.2%. That year-to-date number is within our forecasted minus 1% to minus 3% range and continues to be one of the better performances in the sector in a very tough year. Our Board of Directors established the quarterly common dividend rate for 2010 at $0.16 per share in cash. The dividend was sized with the idea of preserving operating cash to the extent possible to deal with the still uncertain retail and economic environment, and one that is well supported by the operating cash flow from the existing portfolio of assets. In setting that dividend, we did not factor in transactional activity or new business generation in 2010. That is not to imply that we won't have any, but our dividend approach was focused on today's book of business adjusted for riskier environment. Yesterday afternoon, we closed on the acquisition of our partners 85% interest in PL Retail. Dave Henry will talk a bit more about our rationale and new business activity overall, but just a couple of points on the numbers for this deal. The balance sheet of this portfolio is priced at $825 million including the value of certain development rights. There is $564 million of mortgage debt on the property as well as an outstanding series of preferred stock of $50 million. Approximately $269 million of the debt matured in January. Our immediate objective was to close the transaction and gain full control of the assets as required funding of $175 million which was accessed from our credit facility. As these are prime assets, we have the luxury of keeping them in our core portfolio or introducing them into a new institutional joint venture program in whole or in part. We have a variety of alternatives that will be considered to set the permanent capital structure from this transaction ranging from that new institutional capital to common equity as we look to optimize returns and invest the 2,000 debt maturities on the portfolio. The range of FFO impact in 2010 is tough to say at this point, as it depends on the ultimate capital structure and cost of that capital. We will provide more clarity when we rollout our 2010 guidance during the fourth quarter's earnings report. In terms of overall earnings guidance for the balance of 2009, we estimate the full year FFO range of $0.79 to $0.82 per share, which includes the impairments taken so far but with no estimate for any potential impairment for the fourth quarter. This also includes the effect of the PL Retail purchase on the balance sheet and the unfortunate expensing of the transaction costs of that deal in accordance with the new accounting rules for acquisitions. Excluding the effect of impairments to date, the full year guidance range is 130 to 133 per share. All of that pencils out to about $0.28 to $0.31 per share for the fourth quarter which I mentioned because the quarterly numbers throughout 2009 may not equal the total year guidance because of the math around the average share calculations during the year. With respect to the balance sheet, the $300 million new bond issuance is debt neutral as we paid off 2011 term loan and construction loans maturing over the next year or so. Overall, debt levels on the balance sheet were reduced by $167 million and we decreased the net debt-to-EBITDA by 4 to 6.5 times. At the joint venture level, as we announced back in August, the required $145 million installment under a term loan guaranteed by Prudential in Kimco was paid by each party in their respective percentages, hopefully, answering the questions as to whether our partner was good for the money. As of today, there is $409 million remaining on this facility. Beyond the statistics, I wanted to reinforce a point I've tried to make during the last earnings call. There is a big difference between Kimco's long-term view on optimal leverage and what is in front of us over the next few years in terms of debt obligations. We have excellent liquidity, over $1.7 billion at the end of the quarter. We have limited debt maturities over the next couple of years, most of it on secured debt. I'm confident that the PL Retail 2010 maturities will be dealt with from the institutional joint venture or the capital market. It's another way of saying we have flexibility and are not under the gun to de-lever at any cost. I keep reading about Kimco's need to de-lever and immediately, but that's just flat wrong. We will achieve our long range debt-to-EBITDA targets and fixed charge targets over time. But in no way will it prevent us from retaining existing assets or buying new ones that are consistent with our objective maintaining the highest quality portfolio with strong recurring and sustainable cash flow. With that I'll turn it over to David Lukes.
David Lukes: Thank you, Mike. Good morning. And I would also like to start by offering a congratulations to Dave Henry speaking for myself and the other operating staffs we look forward to the years together. With respect to our operations, let me give you some insights in our last 90 days of work and then provide some thoughts on what we see ahead and what value creating ideas we're focused on. Our third quarter leasing production in the US portfolio increased 18% over last quarter and 42% over the same quarter a year ago. We completed 426 leases which totaled 1.7 million square feet and saw a rising activity in most markets, but particularly in those areas hit hardest by the housing bubble. Two states this quarter, California and Florida, I may not represent the largest percentage of newly leased space which is a comforting sign. Vacant on the other hand also continued a high volume which led this up slightly and occupancy for the quarter at 91.9% in the US proving that stability was really the theme for the quarter. With the uncertainty of 2009 year-to-date, I think it's best to focus my remarks on the subject that's on most investors' minds, and that's risk. In our portfolio, we view risk through the lens of our tenant base. If we consider our tenants in a pyramid, the foundation of the portfolio was the most secure. It was 40% of our GLA representing anchor leases and 650 ground leases. These tenants rarely vacate, consume very low landlord capital and are highly credit worthy. The middle of the pyramid is the junior anchor spaces representing 39% of the GLA. In this recent cycle, the category has been under the most pressure with chain bankruptcies and limited demand. Most of us over the past year have been considerably concerned over the lack of activity in these categories and the excess space of this size and many submarkets. This quarter, however, the trend of new leases has shown a somewhat surprising upswing in demand for quality space as over 490,000 square feet or 66% were of our total new leases for the quarter were in the junior anchor category. The risk of large blocks of available space in our portfolio from chain bankruptcies and the potential for activating Co-tenancy clauses has simply not proven to be a reality to-date. Going back to our tenant pyramid analogy, the top section of the tenant base is shop space, representing 21% of our total GLA, but only one-third of that group or 7% of the total is local small shop space. The concern over the past year for many was that mom and pop retailers wouldn't have the staying power to last through a tough sales environment and then occupancy would drop fast and small shops would vacate the premises. It is certainly true that small tenants who are non-credit in nature are facing great difficulty. Almost all of the tenants are on rent deferral program are local tenants and most of the vacates in the most challenged markets are of the same type. We do know, however, that two pieces of anecdotal evidence are giving us confidence that this risk has also been somewhat muted. Firstly, the net absorption for small shop space was positive this quarter with more shops being leased than shops vacating. Sometimes this is due to tenant upgrades where national chains are expanding and taking former mom and pop space, such as GameStop, GNC and RadioShack. Sometimes it's due to the fact that we're fairly aggressive in taking our own prosperous tenants from one center and expanding them into a second unit of another shopping center, a real benefit of a large portfolio. The second data point is that our rent deferral program of which we currently have 256 tenants enrolled have been very successful in helping small businesses through a tough market. Of the active plans, over 70% are current on their payments and over 250 tenants have completed their obligation in its entirety and are back to contract rent having paid us back on their rent loans. So having given you a fairly detailed picture of our occupancy trend, the final risk category for us is the steady decline in market rents. Certain areas such as the southwest and the southeast continue to glide down an achievable rents and this can be seen by the fact that our leasing spreads for the quarter dropped to a positive 1.3%. This isn't surprising given the high volume of junior anchor leasing we accomplished for the quarter and will likely continue to be a theme as we work through our current vacancies in the 10,000 to 30,000 square foot ranges. Offsetting the trend, however, is the fact that many of our expiring tenants are far below market and therefore we're seeing a mark-to-market that's generous to the landlord. Another positive sign that the renewal rate of existing tenants is extremely high given that we've signed 228 renewals and options this quarter, a very good number for us. It's true that market rents are still going lower but it's also true that the vast majority of tenants with profitable businesses have been renewing their leases at higher rents than their currents rents simply because they can't afford to and they want to stay in our centers. So shifting gears let me mention the flip side of risk and that's opportunity. There's an old adage that says the trouble with opportunity is that it always comes disguised as hard work. Here is what we're working on. Number one, our remaining development staff have been successful in the past cycle in our merchant building program. This timeline is no longer active, but they have developed a strong skill set in entitlements, zoning and community relations. We're using this theme to work on entitling higher density zoning, mixed-used zoning, special exceptions to current zoning and special use permits for 15 of our best properties in high density markets where land is scares and the demand for space is still quite high. This is hardly equipped boost to analyze we all know. But as we've proven with projects such as Pentagon Centre, West Lake and Manhattan the future growth is considerable if the seeds are planted early. Number two, our ancillary income department has been growing at a rapid pace and I expect our total income this year to exceed last year's by 25%. We have dedicated staff working on new programs every month and the income we generate takes very little capital and therefore very high equity returns. Vending, (inaudible) programs, solar energy, billboards, kiosk leasing, cell towers, and construction management are all contributing to the growth. I hope we can continue to add new ideas as we make use of the 120 million square feet of buildings that we manage. Number three, it's hard to stress enough the value of existing tenants in the low market rent contracts and they are clearly our best source of growth. Even in the most difficult environment in years, we continue to see positive rent spreads on renewals. Our region operating staff is focused on these tenants are negotiating early renewals before competition can lure then away and are constantly reviewing tenant sales to guide us on what a fair rent should be for a profitable business. In summary, we're very happy with our production for the quarter. We're trying our best to manage the risk that we do see in the current economy and are hopeful that we can keep our eyes on the opportunities that we do have and improve the stability of our portfolio. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
Dave Henry: Thanks, David. I'm glad I bought you both dinner last night. First, please permit me to comment on the management succession which Mike referenced. I sincerely and publicly thank Milton, Michael and the board as well as David and Mike for their strong support over the years in both the good times and the tougher environment of the past 12 months. Since the day I arrived in 2001, it was very clear that Milton believed deeply in fostering a true partnership culture among the senior leadership team and I am very happy to be a part of this heritage. We will definitely continue this tradition which has played a significant role in creating the largest portfolio of neighborhood and community shopping centers in North America. All of us at Kimco are committed to resuming our solid earnings and dividend profile and creating value for our shareholders by proactively managing the portfolio and selectively acquiring additional high quality retail properties. We have all the ingredients to be successful; talented and then experienced employees, a large and well diversified portfolio and wonderful long standing relationships with our tenants, our lenders, and our institutional partners. Our vision remains the same, to be the absolute best owner and operator of community and neighborhood shopping centers in North America. With respect to the environment today, we're definitely seeing a change in sentiments. As David discussed, while operating fundamentals remain challenging in terms of effective rents and vacancies, our stronger tenants have begun to expand again and actively look for new sites. Leasing activity is indeed encouraging. We're also seeing a distinct shift in sentiment among our institutional joint venture partners. Six months ago, very few institutions were willing to consider core acquisitions and most were dealing with significant mark-to-market issues. Now, we are seeing a large number of both domestic and foreign institutions, aggressively looking for high quality portfolios of retail profits. Prices are affirming with numerous bidders for well-located and well-leased retail properties. In this environment, we are very pleased to have been able to acquire a significant number of assets from several of our existing institutional joint ventures. As announced, we have purchased full ownership of seven shopping centers from seven of our Prudential partnerships and 21 shopping centers from our PL Retail partnership, aggregating 6 million square feet at a combined total price of $896 million. We believe these negotiated transactions represent a good outcome for both our institutional partners which wanted to sell their interest expeditiously, and Kimco which currently manages the properties and believes strongly in the long-term outlook for these assets and locations. Mike Pappagallo deserves special recognition on the PL Retail transaction which came together very quickly and involved a very large complicated closing process. The PL Retail portfolio itself is a premiere collection of shopping centers and we are especially pleased to have purchased our partners ownership interest in this portfolio. Strong anchor tenants like Costco, Wal-Mart, Home Depot, PJX and Ross Stores comprise 84% of the gross leasable area and 75% of the base rent of the centers. The portfolio has consistently maintained a high occupancy and even in today's environment, the properties are 94% leased and well-located in dense desirable retail markets. The purchase maintains our standing as Costco's largest landlord and helps the demographic profile of our gross revenues. The six Oregon assets we purchased from one of our Prudential join ventures are all located within the urban growth boundary of Portland. They are generally gross re-anchored shopping centers, a total 148,000 square feet; 85% of the space is leased to national credit tenants, while only 15% is local shop space. The purchase price of $69 per square foot is attractive and Portland is an excellent market because the land use restrictions are quite high. In Novato Fair, the seventh property, is 134,000 square foot safely anchored shopping center in Marine County, California and is effectively the main retail property in the town. The demographics are strong and as you can imagine from Marine County, the constraints on retail supply are very high. Safeway as a result has sales volumes in excess of $800 per square foot. As we move forward we anticipate that our joint venture portfolio, combined with potential acquisitions from property owners, lenders, pension funds and other institutions where we have strong relationships will be an excellent source for future acquisitions and growth. Most institutions recognize that shopping centers require operating expertise in both property management and leasing. Core strengths of Kimco since 1959. Looking at our two large international markets, Canada and Mexico, occupancy and leasing activity ranges from strong in Canada to moderately soft in Mexico. In Canada, our portfolio occupancy increased from 97.7% to 98%, with same space leasing spreads of 4.2%. The Canadian economy with its natural resource and strong financial system, is adding jobs and both U.S. and Canadian retailers are expanding in the market. With half of the retail square footage per capital of the U.S., our Canadian portfolio is expected to continue to perform very well over the next several years. In Mexico, by the end of the year, all of our development projects with the exception of Hermosillo will be substantially completed. During the quarter, 116 new leases were signed as we make progress leasing recently completed properties. In general, leasing activity is picking up across the portfolio with several large sub-bank releases in advanced negotiations. During the quarter, four new grocery store anchors opened successfully in our development projects; three new Wal-Mart super centers and one HEB grocery store. As evidence of the long-term prospects for retail in Mexico, Wal-Mart announced, yet again, an increase in its expansion plan for Mexico. Their quarterly retail sales increased by 11.9% and same-store sales increased 4.7%. Wal-Mart expects to open 270 new stores and restaurants in 2009 in Mexico. Overall, Wal-Mart operates 1344 stores in the country. With respect to our non-core portfolio, we're committed to an accelerated but orderly liquidation of our investments. Since the beginning of the year, we have monetized $106 million of our non-core assets. We have carefully reviewed each of the non-core investments and we have created business plans and targets to monetize these investments. Let me assure you that we will indeed exit from these non-retail assets and our future growth will be solely tied to our strong retail platform and core expertise. Now I'd like to turn to Milton for his thoughts and comments.
Milton Cooper: Thanks, David. Our strategy is simple. One, monetize expeditiously our non-shopping center assets. Two, grow our shopping center portfolio and enhance its value. We have a good portfolio to work on with many defensive and stable characteristics. Much of the space is occupied by discounters, warehouse clubs, supermarkets, truck stores and off price retailers such as Ross and T.J. Maxx. These retailers sell non-discretionary essential items or accommodate the consumer who is now trading down. Notice that last month, Dillard's and Macy's had comp store declines while and Ross and T.J. Maxx has 10% and 9% increases. As a point of interest, our largest tenant is Home Depot with 44 stores; 33 of the 44 are ground leases, where Kimco has leased the land to Home Depot and Home Depot paid for all improvements. Another defensive attribute relates to our long history. Many leases were entered into over 15 years ago and there has been inflation in rents. The lease rents are substantially below the market rents. A platform of 900 centers is geographically in tenant diverse. Most importantly, we have a superb group of associates functioning together in a collegial atmosphere, a team of partners and not a team of rivals and there is great bench strength to boot. Dave Henry, Mike Pappagallo, David Lukes, and I feel that we are four horsemen pulling together to create great value for our shareholders and our institutional partners. I also want to thank all the people who called or emailed me over the past several days. I am indeed turning over more of the day-to-day responsibility to Dave and the team, but I remain committed, involved, energized and very excited about where we're going. We have a good plan and we will deliver the goods. Now, we're pleased to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Craig Schmidt with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.: This should go to Dave. I'm just wondering, the 76 cap rate on the PL transaction, I realize that it may not be total exemplary, but where do you think CapEx have moved for quality coming into the neighborhood centers, say, in the last two years, as you start to see the transaction market open up again?
Dave Henry: We've seen a distinct change. Six-seven months ago cap rates were definitely in the mid-eights and probably heading towards nine for even the best quality shopping centers. But as you know, there weren't a lot of transactions happening. Over the past several months, it's really opened up and Westbury is a good example. I think there were more than 20 bids on that particular shopping center, which is a high quality shopping center. So we've seen a substantial shift in the demand for high quality retail. The investors we meet with are definitely being much more aggressive today than they were, especially foreign institutions which have seen the value of their currency increase compared to ours and feel today is an excellent time to invest in high quality retail in the United States, especially with a hint of inflation down the road for good hard assets. The cap rate is only one function of acquiring properties. The quality of the properties themselves is a factor. Secondly, the debt that can be assumed. Many investors are looking at below market debt that can be assumed as an attractive feature. And third, replacement costs. If you can buy assets significantly below what they can be replaced for down the road, that's an [awesome] element. We think the 76 cap rate for this quality portfolio is a fair cap rate and we're happy with it. We're exceptionally happy to keep these crown jewels in our portfolio. As Mike pointed out, we have the time to either put this with other investors or do something else with them and we will do that. We moved expeditiously and this was a negotiated purchase and we preempted an auction process.
Craig Schmidt - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.: How long do you think it would be before you get the final financial structure for the PL Retail?
Dave Henry: Very quickly. I think over the next couple of months we will decide exactly what we're going to do with this long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Quentin Velleley with Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: It's Michael Bilerman here for Quentin. Mike maybe, just as you talk about the leverage stats and I do appreciate your comments that it's not an immediate impact but it's a long-term process. I think last quarter you talked about getting your debt-to-EBITDA down by two turns which would affect lowering leverage, selling non-core assets but also increasing EBITDA. I guess I just want to understand the mindset as we relate to this deal specifically as the PL deal taking it all on balance sheet today effectively increases debt-to-EBITDA by about 0.3 and I can understand that your thought process is to either raise common equity or sell it down into another fund. Given the speed of this transaction, you want to get it closed and then evaluating your options. As you think about common equity related to this deal and given where your stock is trading, you're looking at almost the double digit cost relative to the initial yield on the portfolio in the [severance]. So I'm just trying to put it all together and really understand how much you're willing to stress the balance sheet upfront versus a longer term goal of deleveraging.
Mike Pappagallo: There are a couple of things, Michael. The points you had made in referencing what adds, it previously still holds true as we think about the longer term, the overall improvement in the metrics, lower net debt-to-EBITDA, increased EBITDA are all and continue to be part of the program. The other point that you alluded to is that we were able to move very quickly on this transaction and because we have flexibility and good liquidity, we were able to make this preemptive strike and buy it at a fair price. As I look forward, we do have alternatives, and because of the quality and the interest in this portfolio, we feel very confident that the institutional joint venture approach is one viable and real way to structure this on a permanent basis. That said, I will continue to look at the equity market and to the extent our price improves, then that becomes a better alternative as well. So I have a couple of arrows in the quiver clearly and a couple of directions to go. We don't feel at least constricted or restricted or boxed into the corner here. And it's primarily because of these assets, their quality and their attractiveness. We'll see where it goes over the next couple of months.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Can your just reconcile just on the NOI, if you were to annualize the nine months NOI that's in your stuff, you get to about 57 million of NOI and you're quoting 61 million, so it would look like a nine-month number as a seven cap. But your quoting seven-six.
Mike Pappagallo: One of the interesting things in the underwriting is that what you don't see in those numbers Michael, is there is a series of leases that have been signed. They are just not flowing. In Pentagon, we signed a Nordstrom Rack to price a limit. In Smithtown which is a center that was vacated we put in a box furniture and a pets mart, so now that's fully leased again. In total, about eight centers, there is over $5.5 million of annualized pace rents that you don't see in the current number when you do the annualization. Not only were they baked into the underwritten NOI but as part of the contract negotiations from today until the rents actually start to flow, we and our partner agreed that we would get a rents credit for the loss in interim rate. So when you think about that underwriting NOI recognize it's real, its not speculation. It's based on real leases that have been signed and just not flowing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Mike, sticking with you, I guess just on the price legacy. Can you give us some details on how the price was negotiated and if other investors were considered and again, I guess, in-place rents versus market. I know its 94% lease. Its very high quality tenants, but what sort of upside do you see to that 7.6 initial lead?
Mike Pappagallo:  From an upside perspective, recognize that even with those built-in leases, you're only achieving about a 94, 95% occupancy. So it's only because you are dealing with quality center. And there at one point this shopping center portfolio was close to the 97% of lease. So I think some of the downdraft in current occupancy is just due to the market in general. So, we believe to see very good growth in this portfolio. David, would you like to comment about some of the other occupancy.
Dave Henry:  A couple of things I could add that whenever we look at an acquisition, notwithstanding going in cap rate. The real issue is, what can we do with it over time, and this portfolio there is probably three different areas that we're most enthusiastic about. One is the fact that several of them have additional density available, particularly Pentagon. One on the East Coast and one on the West coast that have a lot of upside through zoning density that's fully entitled. A second aspect is true occupancy pick up since we're in a period in this portfolio that's lower than its historical norm. So you get some true upticks, especially given the back of the market rents are quite high around a lot of these properties. And then lastly, when we looked at the rollover schedule, it has a very defensive nature and not whole lot rolls in the next couple of years but those leases that do roll are effectively seven, eight, nine, 10 years old and they're significantly below market. So when you add those three things together there is an awful lot to work on and you have to remember that the visibility we have to the gust of the properties is fairly deep considering we've been owning and operating and managing it for several years and we have regional offices near most of the properties. So we feel very good about being able to be credible with ourselves on the underwriting and look forward to creating some value.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Does it relates to long-term strategy? I guess maybe for Dave Henry, you've discussed the sale of the non-core assets but we've heard about simplify and your focuses on the strategy remains the same, but as you any about your longer term strategy beyond the non-core asset sales, I mean do you anticipate further changes to the Kimco structure at this point?
Dave Henry: No. We've been tested by fire over the past 12 months and we have a strong consensus on where we want to go. Number one, as we've mentioned repeatedly, we are a shopping center company from 1959 forward. We are vertically integrated. We have a strong property management leasing. We have redevelopment expertise. We have relationships with retailers that are second to none. Our portfolio is enormous. Secondly, we're very comfortable with community and neighborhood shopping centers. We are not regional mall or outlet operators. We're very comfortable in our sector. Our retailers sell necessities and off price. We're very, very comfortable with that profile of the tenants we have. We like our North American footprint. This is where our largest tenants are, Canada, Mexico, and the U.S. We like that. We're going to stick to that. We like the investment management model. We like being able to team up with institutional partners that have a cheaper cost of capital. It makes us competitive in going after the very best properties. It enhances the returns for our shareholders and it helps build scale overtime. As Mike mentioned, we will operate with lower leverage, both in the core and in our joint ventures over time and we'll get there over time. There is no magic to a straight line to get there, and things like PL Retail opportunities will come up and we're determined to jump on that. Forever, this company has had an opportunistic culture and many of you know, deals like Montgomery Wards and Gold Circle and Albertsons and so forth. We do not hesitate to buy vacant space when we know we can do something with it and that will be part of our strategy going forward as I grow the portfolio. So I think we all hold hands here and we've agreed on this core strategy going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: I was wondering if you can comment on any additional acquisitions coming from joint ventures because, obviously you picked up some pro-assets. You picked up these assets from DRA. Anything else on the horizon from either funds looking to sell that you may step-up or just any commentary on that front?
Dave Henry: Yes, if you think about it. Our joint venture portfolio is very large and we have probably 15 or so large institutional partners, and some of them have different objectives. Some of those are long-term holders. Some of those need to liquidate earlier for other reasons. The ones especially that have large commingled funds with redemption requests these days have some pressure to sell assets. These joint venture portfolios are excellent sources for acquisitions for us and we're determined to help our partners where we can liquefy these investments and sometimes the very best way to do this is to sell those assets to Kimco rather than place them on the market. In many cases the debt can be assumed easily by Kimco as opposed to being assumed by a third-party purchaser which would take time and in many cases involve extra costs to have that debt assumed. Secondly, we feel our preferred equity portfolio is also a potential source of acquisitions over time. As we unwind these preferred equity positions, some of these partners have expressed their interest in selling the assets to us 100%. Third, we like our relationships with lots of lenders, pension funds, life companies. Many of these have turned to us as they have struggled with the loans they have taken back and other things to ask our assistance in managing these assets. We believe those also represent opportunities for us over time to acquire them on a negotiated basis. Our last choice is to join an auction market and become one of 37 bidders. So where we can, we will continue to do negotiated transactions.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Then what's the magic in terms of how you look at this and, let's say, another fund, another joint venture partner wants to liquidate. How do your guys sit there and determine what you would allow to kind of hit the open market and sell versus something that you would want to actually step up and allocate capital to buy and assume the debt, et cetera?
Dave Henry: Generally, our partners are very sophisticated institutions with extensive retail expertise and personnel and these transactions are heavily negotiated. They have their objectives. We have our return thresholds and so forth. We pride ourselves in being good partners. We're not looking to take enormous advantage of these partners and we've been successful working out a fair arrangement and we expect to continue to do so.
Mike Pappagallo: One other thing I'd mention to that, Mike, is that in your question about what we would keep versus what we would sell. Every deal is looked at using our traditional conventional underwriting approaches and if you think about the Prudential sale categories, most of the accidents that have been in our portfolio, we and Prudential have agreed to sell. But in the example of the Portland area, as if that we just acquired, David felt that as a good long-term potential in those assets. They were just good assets. Prudential wanted to sell to monetize their position, but we felt that over the long-term these were great assets and we were going to acquire them at very low per square foot number. So every deal we do that separately, but we don't arbitrarily or uniformly decide we are going to buy all of our partner's assets because they need to sell. We go through it rigorously one by one. As Dave mentioned, we negotiate in good faith and come up with fair compromise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Weissman with ISI Group.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group: In the current environment, we've clearly seen the greatest tenant fallout and bankruptcy filings across the big box category and specifically, you've seen a lot of pressure on big box rents. So I guess with the DRA transaction, you are basically increasing your exposure to big box retail. Maybe, you could just talk a little bit about your strategy and your thoughts on big box retail today and what sort of the tenant demand is on the go-forward basis?
Dave Henry: So, let me broaden up a little bit. I think six months ago, or nine months ago, the demand was so de minimis for the junior anchor category and I would like to separate junior anchors from big box. If you look at spaces, that are over 60,000 square feet. There has actually been very little vacancy and the demand hasn't really changed a whole lot. It's really the categories that are the category killers or the tender of 50,000 square feet. We saw a lot come back to the market. There was a huge negative absorption and yet 45 days ago the world really turned around and we had a lot of tenants not only move locations to better real estate, but also have true growth in their footprint. I think that really stabilized market rents and it certainly stabilized in our portfolio, the occupancy level that we were worried about with certain junior categories starting to go down. In general, big picture, there is a lot of space on the market still in those categories, but when you start to look at each trade area, you can pretty quickly tell the haves from the have nots. Given the credit behind these tenants, the way the American consumer shops and will likely continue to shop in certain big box chains, it's unlikely that you'll see us shy away from the entire big box category because a lot of them are very, very secure assets. But we're pretty selective and careful about which ones we want and which ones we don't want. In the case of the PL Retail, it does come with some sizable large tenants like Costco and Home Depot, but it also comes with Ross and T.J. Maxx. Those are two tenants that we would be happy to own a lot more given what they sell and how they run their business. When you combine that with the fact that the real estate is in a very good trade area and very good locations in those trade areas and it's almost been tested by fire, as Mike would say, in the past 12 months to prove that the sales are sustainable in those sites. So I don't think you'll see us shift away from entire category, but you'll us start to look very closely as to which ones we think are stable and which ones we think are at risk.
Ian Weissman - ISI Group: When you underwrote the portfolio about, what was your assumption for, call it either a mark-to-market or rent growth for that type of real estate in those markets?
Dave Henry: It's hard to give you an average and the reason I say that is because, for instance, there is an anchor paying $2 in this portfolio and there is an anchor paying $25. So the spread is so large between the different tenants, it's probably better to answer that question by saying, do we think that there are above market rents. Generally speaking of this portfolio, we do not. The reason that we're comfortable with that is that we've been running the assets for the past four or five years, so we've got a lot of letters to attend. There are lot of background history of exactly what's been happening at the property level. So to me, knowing that once we buy the stuff then I need to get to work pretty hard on making sure we hit our numbers. There is no question the most thing is, of the tenants that are rolling and of the ones that are at risk, where do those stand in relation to the current market rent and in that sense, I'm very comfortable. I think what you're really getting at is the entire junior category going down at rent? I think the answer is no. Half the time the rents have stayed flat and not gone up and the other half of the time they've gone dramatically down. You can look at that from our new leasing. Our new leasing spreads are down 20 basis points, but that's primarily driven out of several 100 leases, that's driven by three leases; two former linens N Things and one, a former Circuit, they were down about 40% from the prior tenants. So those three tenants really dragged down the average. It would have been a little over 5% rent growth and I think that's probably a good example that you can choose the properties to buy that don't have that mark-to-market downside. Then the cap rate is probably less of an issue. It's more about what you can do in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Nussbaum with UBS.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: I've got Christy here with me. In looking at the purchase and sales agreement that you filed this morning on the PL portfolio, it looks like there was a $60 million loan that went from Kimco to the JV. What exactly is that?
Mike Pappagallo: That is nothing more than an internal loan that was structured in connection with the price legacy subsidiary from a tax perspective. This entity will ultimately be liquidated internally and that's really in one pocket, out the other. The way you should view it, Ross, is that it was ultimately part of the consideration that was paid to DRA adviser and should not be viewed as any sort of financial structure or retained loan.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: If I could follow-up...
Mike Pappagallo: It's either (inaudible) in your evaluation, but it's more just a tax structure issue.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS:
 :
Mike Pappagallo: Let me just clarify one thing for you. I know you are looking at the net operating income for the quarter of $12.8 million, correct?
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Yes.
Mike Pappagallo: That number does exclude Westbury, as the Westbury numbers are all in the discontinued operations line. As it is a discontinued operation as of the end of September. The other point that you obviously are not aware of is in the $12.8 million of net operating income, there is a $1 million charge for an increase to our allowance for bad debts. We felt we had the room and we thought it was prudent to increase the reserve and it was really a one-time item. So I think to be fair, if you wanted to see the annualized rent or annualized NOI add back a million, so if you take the 13.8 and times that by four; I know that's what you are doing. That will bring you out to $55 million. That's really the right starting point to then add the additional rents that you don't see from the leases that I had mentioned earlier and that get you pretty darn close to the $61 million on our under rent NOI. So again, I emphasize that 61 was not a high end of the sky number. It was clearly based on cash flow to-date. Leases that were signed and going to flow in the future and you need to make that adjustment for the bad debt. I certainly understand how prior to this call you wouldn't know that and hopefully, this call clarifies that for you.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: 100%. If I could ask one just, final question, why wasn't Westbury included in this whole transaction?
Mike Pappagallo: Westbury, we and DRA did agree few months ago to put that property on the market. Then it was a very good and deep bidding process and there were many bidders. Equity One was the winner. We felt from all perspective, it's a very good property and a very good market. We had a different perspective on long-term in terms of the relative growth, risk and reward profile. I mean that ultimately drives value by a value, sell an asset but we do ultimately and our partners DRA ultimately were looking to monetize the entire portfolio. So Westbury was a step one and then obviously, there is transaction for them with the big step too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Isbee with Stifel Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus: I have David Fick here with me. Can you talk a little bit more about the rent spreads? Then clearly, you have below market status and you're still seeing a positive mark on your leasing unit last quarter. That's I think in part the nature of older assets. How confident are you in your stated remark going forward and can you talk a little bit about how that's staged. I'm not asking for guidance for next year as much as sort of is your portfolio big enough that it sort of just ratably and steady in terms of that spread quarter over quarter?
Mike Pappagallo: I think the last couple of quarters, if you look at the rent spreads, they've been fairly consistent on the renewals and they've been all over the map on the new leases. Most of that is driven by the fact that there were a couple of bankruptcies and I think you and I have discussed several times that below market rents can be good if you get access back from the space, but it can show up as nothing if you don't have control for the next 20 years. When we lost Linens N Things in particular and also Value City, they had opposite effects. Last quarter we had a very high leasing spread of 17% or so and that was driven primarily because we got that space in low single digits and leased it in mid-to-high double digits. The opposite happened three times this quarter which is, we got back to Linens and Circuit. We released them at about 45% to 40% less than the prior tenant. So at those several hundred leases, it's very easy to have two or three swing the pendulum very quickly. But if you blend everything together, I do think that we are seeing that the volume of leasing is allowing us to capture back some of the spaces that are below market every single quarter, quarter-in, quarter-out. But I don't see market rent growth, and that's a big difference. I think we're going to see mark-to-market be positive for us for the most part with the exception of some of these junior anchors we're still trying to get through, but I don't see true rent growth out there and that's probably the big difference. When you look at the Linens and Circuits, we're really through most of them in terms of what's under (inaudible), what's been leased. We've only four left out of 39 that don't have activity right now in form of a negotiated NOI. So I think as soon as we can burn off some of those rent downticks that will help us a little bit. But 2010 is still a long ways away in terms of visibility as to what happening with market rents and that's still to have an effect on how much mark-to-market we can capture.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Just going back to the JVs, it would seem like you guys are now sort of a natural buyer from your joint venture partner standpoint. How do you make sure that they're just not trying to sort of put product on to you? Is it that you have sort of walk away from a portfolio and let one fall out of bed and go to the open market in a trade? How do you manage the reception on the part of the joint venture partners for liquidity?
Dave Henry: As one example, we've sold an awful lot of properties out of our Prudential JV this year and last year, so these in general were properties that we did not choose to bid on and together we agreed to put them on the market. So it is a very cooperative, positive relationship with these institutions. As I mentioned before, they're very sophisticated and have a very large asset management staff that we work with. So we try to be good partners and we work with them in liquidating the assets.
Mike Pappagallo: Just one other point, Alex, there is no structural issues here where we're forced to buyout our partners nor do we view it that we have to buyout our partners. These earlier points, we look at opportunities when those partners are in need of liquidity. It makes all the sense in the world to look at us first as the natural buyers, but there are no particular restrictions or no obligations or forced sales that's involved in any of our joint ventures. So, because of our very good relationships with each of these investment partners, we will have a cogent discussion, make a decision as to sell or if Kimco would like to buy it. And so far, it's worked swimmingly well.
Dave Henry: Another good example is GE joint venture in which we acquired 42 shopping centers and we sold 37 and I think we brought maybe half a dozen out of that but we sold more than 30 into the market. So it is a mutual decision that we arrived at and for us, sometimes it's a good opportunity because we really like the asset and in some cases, we mutually agree to put it on the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Wigginton with Macquarie.
David Wigginton - Macquarie: Most of my questions have been answered but just staying on the topic of JV asset sales, do you typically have some sort of first right of refusal if any of your JV partners do decide to liquidate or would the assets essentially be open to competitive bid at the outset?
Dave Henry: It varies. The joint venture agreements range from in some cases we do have a right of first refusal or in some cases a last (inaudible), if you will. Others there is other dispute resolution mechanism, such as buy-sells and so forth. So, in general, we have certain rights and in some cases, but again our first choice is to work it out on a very mutual basis with these partners.
Operator: Our final question comes from Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets:  First of all, Dave, congratulations, and secondly as a follow-up, you guys talked about buying various partnerships, buying assets out of partnerships. Would you also think about selling in mass one of your partnerships? In particular, I'm thinking about the guys in Canada who have obviously expressed some interest in U.S. real estate. They seemed to be acquisition hungry. Any thoughts on the RioCan venture
Dave Henry: RioCan remained one of our favorite partners in the portfolio. We own together in Canada has performed exceptionally well. Our 50% interest in that portfolio remained a crown jewel for us for the long-term, so that we will definitely hold onto. In terms of working with them in the U.S., RioCan is certainly a candidate to work with and they have expressed interest in teaming up with us as we find the right things to buy in the U.S. So we do have discussions with them.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'll turn the conference back to management for additional or closing remarks.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks, everybody. As a reminder, our supplemental is on our website at www.kimcorealty.com and we appreciate everybody's participation today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Milton Cooper - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Dave Henry - President & Chief Investment Officer Mike Pappagallo - Chief Financial Officer David Lukes - Executive Vice President Barbara Pooley - Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations
Analysts:  Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Co. Quentin Velleley - Michael Bilerman Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill [Ross Nussbaum] - UBS Craig Schmidt - Banc of America/ Merrill Lynch David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer Mike Bilerman - Citi Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to Kimco’s second quarter earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Ms. Barbara Pooley. Ms. Pooley, please go ahead.
Barbara Pooley: Thank you, Debby. Thank you all for joining us the second quarter 2009 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Chairman and CEO, Dave Henry, President and Chief Investment Officer, Mike Pappagallo, Chief Financial Officer and David Lukes, Executive Vice President. Other key executives are available to take your questions at the conclusion of the call. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management’s hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future, which are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking results is contained in the company’s SEC filings. During this presentation management may make references to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include, but not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally during the Q-and-A portion of the call we request that you respect the limit of one question with appropriate follow up so that all of our callers have the opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue if you have additional questions, if we have time at the end of the call we will address those questions. I will now turn the call over to Mike Pappagallo.
Mike Pappagallo: Thank you, Barbara, good morning. Although the economic and retailing environment remains tough we were encourage by the operating performance and financial results of our core shopping center business during this past quarter. Before considering the reported non-cash impairment charges, which I will discuss shortly, our FFO per share was $0.31 that compares to a $0.66 level in the prior year’s second quarter. Looking at things from the top down, the drivers of the decline were the absence of transactional activity in the current quarter, lower income from our structured investments portfolio and the affects of the recent equity raise. We are using the term structured investments to cover the gamut of investments outside of the core shopping center business, which includes both the retail and non-retail preferred equity investments, various financings provided to retailers and others and former Kimco select investments. The lower transaction levels and lower income from these non-core activities accounted for substantially all of the $57 million reduction in FFO before the impairments as the shopping center income remained roughly flat to last year. David Lukes will provide his perspectives on our portfolio performance in a few minutes. However, suffice it to say that we were pleased with the resiliency of the portfolio as a whole with occupancy closing at 92.1% overall and 91.8% in the U.S. Same site net operating income of negative 1.8% reflects the realities of the lost rent underlying occupancy over the past year. The positive leasing spreads and normal step increases enjoyed over the same timeframe helped to mitigate impact. Interestingly, the same site NOI generated from our consolidated assets fell by only 1.2%, while the declines in the joint venture assets was roughly 3.2%. However, the proportionate affect of the JVs decline was to reduce the statistic by six times of 1% to bringing the composite to negative 1.8. I recognize that there has been increased inquiry regarding credit losses so let me give you some insight. Overall credit losses across the entire portfolio calculated against total revenues for the first half of the year averaged about 1.25%. T1he comparable amounts for 2008 were about 0.75%. As we looked in to the rest of the year, our operating plan provides that those loss ratios moving up towards 1.75%. All of that said, we have been conservatively building reserves over a number of years and these reserves not only are booked on our billed receivables, but also on the accrued recoveries for CAM and taxes during the course of the year. The composite available reserves represent about 2.5% of annualized revenues. So, while actual write-offs of uncollectible accounts are expected to increase our reserve positioning should mitigate the affect on operating results. Now, let me cover the impairments. As described the earnings release, we incurred $176.5 million in non-cash impairment charges during the quarter. Although you can slice the data in any number of ways, there are essentially three groups. Charges against non-core asset values, write-downs of our joint venture positions and shopping center portfolios, since accounting rules require that net positions and JV’s be calculated at fair value and finally asset valuation issues in the consolidated portfolio. The portfolio of structured investments in non-core assets took a $126 million charge. The shopping center joint venture is about $47 million, including the $42 million attributable to the Prudential deals, while our wholly-owned assets generated only a $4 million hit. As I mentioned in our first quarter conference call, continuing declines in asset values could result in reserves being required through the year and it is now coming to pass. These charges are more pronounced on our balance sheet due in part to the number of joint ventures that we have, which includes the preferred equity positions and as you all know by now that joint venture investments are treated differently than long-term operating real estate consolidated on the balance sheet. The use of discounted cash flow techniques, using more current cap and discount rate assumptions result in the joint venture investments to be marked to fair value and it should come as no surprise that certain of the more recently acquired assets were subject to a negative mark. In addition, we took a fresh look at the business strategies of our non-core assets and made certain assumptions on holding periods and alternative strategies, which generated additional charges. So, far in 2009 we have monetized about $70 million from the sale of equity securities and bonds and certain prepayments of our payoffs of debt instruments.  That number is actually a little higher that was in the press release, as we sold some additional securities yesterday. As you might expect, we focused on securities sales as at least there’s a market to sell into. The liquidation of the non-core assets will not be a quick process and while the impairment charges bring the carrying value to a more realistic current value, we’ll continue to explore multiple approaches to exit. On the matter of balance sheet leverage; three months ago, Milton made a statement during our first quarter conference call regarding his view of the optimal level of debt, a REIT should have. The concept was easy enough, but the reaction was quite astounding. Some have agreed to the number. While others offered different points of view and percentage levels. The one common point of agreement is that the industry needs to reduce leverage and Kimco is certainly no exception and while using debt percentages for a directional discussion is fine, it is difficult to manage or plan the balance sheet that way, simply because the capitalization number, be it on total market cap or NAV is subject to variability. As we plan the next five plus years, the framework I’ll be using to assess and monitor de-leveraging will be more objective measures of net debt-to-EBITDA and fixed charge ratios and clearly there is work to do. Our net debt-to-EBITDA is 6.9 times; add preferred stock and it is 8 times. For those who wish to look through to our joint ventures and pro rata consolidate the debt, the ratios jump to 7.9 and 8.6 times. These stats are now disclosed in our supplemental package. I believe we should target reducing the net debt-to-EBITDA levels by at least two turns, meaning that the baseline debt-to-EBITDA for our consolidated balance sheet should be under five. The related ratios, adding preferred and JV debt need to follow suit. So, if our objective is to mitigate the effective debt, we need three things. First, lower absolute amounts of debt in relation to book assets. Disposing of over $1 billion of non-core assets is one of the primary ways to do it. This will take time, but the process of de-leveraging is far from a quick hit. I’m not going to look to the equity market to bail us out. I don’t think our investors are going to keep buying into massively dilutive equity issuances solely to pay down debt. Down the road, there will be circumstances where value creating shopping center opportunities will be available. Issuing equity at that point would make sense if our price and the deal returns support it and that will help build EBITDA levels and the equity capital base. The second point also relates to EBITDA. Right now, it is difficult to imagine increasing cash flows, but over the extended de-leveraging process, we will increase operating cash flows from our shopping center holdings both in the U.S. and as our Mexico developments are completed. This will also drive improvements in those key ratios.  Finally we must continue to space out maturities to avoid large refinancing issues in any one year. We’ve done a good job of that so far and quite frankly, there is not enough attention being paid to the differing maturity schedule of REITs and the various tones that have been written about debt levels over the past months. To put things in perspective, if we could reduce debt by $1 billion on the balance sheet over the next few years for non-core asset sales and increase consolidated EBITDA from the current quarterly run rate of about $142 million by a net $20 million from a combination of NOI growth and ultimately some acquisitions financed without debt, the debt-to-EBITDA ratio could drop below five times. A point of reference, the Mexico development pipeline has potential rent aggregating over $60 million annually in the portfolio. Notwithstanding the long term objectives, we’re dealing with the realities of today in accessing capital. I’m pleased to report that we are significantly through our 2009 capital plan. We’re in the process of completing the remainder of our secured financings on the corporate balance sheet, which essentially involves two actions, closing on a small package of mortgage financing of about $85 million and financing four construction loan extensions for two years aggregating $100 million. On the joint venture side most the remaining debt maturities are in the Prudential Joint Venture. Kimco Prudential are also prepared to pay their respective shares of the $117 million payment due in August, for the guaranteed term loan on the portfolio held for sale. So notwithstanding the debt ratios, the fact is that our liquidity is in excellent shape with essentially unused lines of credit of just under $1.7 billion and cash today of about $100 million. As we look to the balance of the year, we’re estimating a steady $0.30 quarterly run rate of FFO for the next two quarters, which would put the full year number in the vicinity of the low end of our guidance of $1.33 per share before the impairment charges. As a result, I am tightening the rate significantly of the prior guidance and tilting it towards the low end of the range. We would expect to have some additional falloff in same store NOI down to a negative 1% to negative 3% range, and that leasing spreads on a full year will be flat. That latter assumption was made despite strong releasing spreads in the first part of the year, primarily to anticipate the roll down in rents for some of the junior anchor boxes that came back due to bankruptcy. With that, I’ll turn it over the Dave Henry.
Dave Henry: Thanks Mike. As usual Mike has provided a very thorough overview of our financial results as we navigate yet another quarter in a severe economic recession, and a difficult commercial real estate market. While our quarterly net income and FFO were significantly impacted by impairment charges and a reduction of transaction gains and other nonrecurring income. We continue to believe that the basic vital signs of our portfolio are healthy, and that our retail properties are well positioned to weather the current economic storm. With equity interest in approximately 1500 retail properties in 45 states, Puerto Rico, Canada and Latin America. We are very diversified both geographically and through approximately 13,000 leases and 7,000 separate tenants. Canada with its 98% occupancy, together with several strong U.S. regional markets, helps offset the weakness in California and Florida, where housing and consumer spending have been particularly hard hit. Our latest quarterly supplemental financial report has several very detailed exhibits, which helped illustrate the diversity and granularity of our tenants and our properties. Of particular note is page 29 of our supplemental, which lists our top-50 tenants, comprising more than 1800 store locations. Overall, we believe our shareholders can take great comfort in the high quality of retailers and their focus on food, off price and discount merchandise, and everyday necessities and services. In general, we have low average rents and occupancy costs, strong tenant sales productivity and a very balanced lease expiration schedule. The neighborhood and community shopping center property type has shown strength through past economic cycles with Kimco’s historic low point in occupancy just under 89% in 1992, a particularly tough year in commercial real estate. I’d like to take a moment to discuss Mexico, which continues to be in the news with swine flu, drug violence and currency volatility. The construction phase of our shopping center investment program in Mexico is rapidly reaching completion. In the context of the 57 property retail portfolio, containing 13 million square feet, there are only 10 properties currently under construction as defined in our supplemental and we believe only one property will remain under physical construction by year end. As a result, we are focusing intensely on leasing the 3.6 million square feet of space, which will become available over the next six months. This space consists of 2300 individual store units comprising more than $50 million of potential annual rent. In July alone 120 store units were leased totaling 215,000 square feet. In looking at our Mexico retail portfolio it is also important to note the strength and profile of our anchor tenants. We have 19 Wal-Mart Supercenters and Bodega stores, nine HEB grocery stores, six Home Depots, two Sam stores, nine Soriana, Chedraui or Mega grocery stores, 14 Cinepolis theatre leases, which is the largest theatre chain in Latin America, 9 MM Cinemas leases, the second largest movie chain in Mexico, one BestBuy, one Sears and several other regional anchors.  Overall, we have 71 anchor leases totaling $29 million of annual base rent of which 33 are ground leases, representing $11 million of base rent, primarily Wal-Mart and Home Depot. All leases in Mexico have annual CPI increases, many have percentage rent clauses and all of our properties are grocery anchored with the exception of our Waldo Dollar Store net leases, which also have a food component.  Our relationship with Wal-Mart in Mexico is particularly large and strong. When you include Wal-Mart’s Vips restaurant format and their Suburbia clothing chain, we now have 36 leases with Wal-Mart in Mexico. Looking at another area of investor and analyst focus, the monetization and disposition of our non-core portfolio remains a high priority for our management team. While our non-core securities portfolio is more liquid than many of our other non-core investments we are actively seeking buyers or investors for the assets in this portfolio.  In making cases, the investments are very profitable and may appeal to institutional or other investors on a pool basis. Investments which either produce strong current cash flow or have value creation upside can be sold even in today’s difficult market. The lease details of the non-core portfolio in our supplemental report and our job over the next 24 months will be to substantially reduce the amount of these investments and recycle the capital opportunistically into core retail properties. While new shopping center transactions remain limited as buyers and sellers struggle to find the right cap rate and stabilized NOI. We feel optimistic about being able to purchase properties selectively at attractive yields. As a source of capital for these transactions, we’ve remained committed to our institutional joint ventures and fund management operations. As a premier retail operating partner, we believe we can enhance our financial returns and reduce risk by teaming up with long term institutional capital partners.  Investing 10% to 15% of the equity, yet retaining 35% to 40% of the upside through a promote or incentivized management fee arrangement will provide excellent recurring fee income and a growing portfolio of equity positions. As highlighted by the recent rapid change in property cap rates and corresponding leverage levels, we feel that going forward we will need institutional partners that are willing to invest on a unleveraged or very low leverage basis. We are also determined to keep our Kimco parent completely separate financially from the joint ventures by relying solely on non-recourse property debt or investing on an unleveraged basis.  As cap rates have risen, opportunity funds and institutional investors are starting to become more active in evaluating acquisition opportunities and, we have had numerous discussions with interested parties as they seek to reenter the market for high quality core and value add retail properties. Now I would like to turn to David Lukes, to provide comments and perspective on our U.S. portfolio operations and performance.
David Lukes: Thank you, Dave. Good morning. I’d like to start by giving you some details on our last 90 days of work and then conclude with the trends we’re seeing and what strategic actions we’re taking to create some value.  Our second quarter leasing in the U.S. portfolio remained active with 392 leases, totaling 1.5 million square feet. This volume represents a 32% increase over the same period a year ago, and the activity on new leases was strongest in Mid-Atlantic Region, the Southeast Region and in Florida, and was split almost in half between junior anchors, re-letting and shop space absorption. Vacates on the other hand, also continued on a steady and high pace similar to last quarter, with just over 1 million square feet of tenants leaving our shopping centers. The net result of this leasing activity was at the finish of the quarter, 91.9% in total occupancy and 91.8% on a pro rata share basis, representing 44 basis points decline in total, a 40 basis point decline pro rata. With these broad market numbers in mind and with the fact that our U.S. portfolio spans across every major market, I’d like to focus in detail on what local trends we’re seeing and can do that best by highlighting two aspects, stability and change. From the stability standpoint, I think it may surprise many that large sections of the country were flat or higher in occupancy this quarter. The Mid-Atlantic, Southeast, Northeast, Puerto Rico and Central Regions of our portfolio are passing the stress test of this economy and are witnessing normal leasing activity with no great rise in vacates. Demographic changes, increased competition and the effects of unemployment have simply had little affect on these portfolios year-to-date in 2009. Stability has also continued on our long standing desire to minimize tenant improvement allowances on the belief that we should be investing in our real estate and should avoid investing in our tenant’s operations. Concerns about TIT and other sources of credit for the retail industry is a very real concern, but the date has not warranted any change in our operating strategy regarding funding. Our average TI’s for new deals this quarter was $5.62 and represents money that will in all cases go to building improvements that increase the worth of our properties. The bulk of our activity, also a stable source of occupancy was the focus on renewals which carry $0 in TI and almost no brokerage commissions. Our best customers are existing ones and our most secure deals are inexpensive. From the standpoint of security, a dominant factor is also location. When we look through the vacates for the quarter, it’s a noticeable fact that the majority of spaces are in high growth suburbs or in shopping centers that are much newer than the average age of our core portfolio. When we dig deeper, we also note that vacates unrelated to chain bankruptcies tend to be businesses that are in the early years of their base terms and simply didn’t have a chance to stabilize their sales before the economy hit the newer housing areas. The result is a direct correlation between shopping center age and cash flow security. Going forward age is on our side. Change on the other hand has produced specific market trends. 70% of the vacates this quarter were in the western regions and Florida, yet only 24% of the new leasing activity, which result in a larger negative occupancy trend than the remainder of the regions. These areas of the country were hit hard very hard with unemployment, declining sales and overleveraged consumers. We are continuing to see stresses at the local level and the majority of our rent concessions and payment plans are in these markets and at keeping good businesses open until the markets improved. The immediate effect in these markets has shown a mild increase in dark and paying tents, but still a very low 1.7% of our total pro rata GLA. The expiration schedule on these D&P tenants is stretched somewhat evenly over the next 15 years and consists mostly of credit tenants who continue to pay the contract rent in their lease terms. Change is also apparent in the junior anchor leasing level where the best spaces lease first and the remainder are facing rent roll downs of anywhere between 10% to 40%. As we use our long standing relationships with national tenants to back fill boxes left by Circuit City and Linen N’ Things. Our numbers this quarter however do reflect a noteworthy trend. As Price Pritchett once said, change always comes bearing gifts. Our gift is clearly below market rent. New leases for the quarter averaged 17% higher rents than the previous tenants and renewals held positive at 1.2%. While this is somewhat of a staggering statistic in the face of a very tough economy, the high quantities of below market rents in our portfolio are providing shock absorbers to the bottom line. As an example we had a tenant this past quarter paying $10 a square foot. Market rental last year was $20. The market rent for the space had fallen by 20% to $16, but when the space was vacated unexpectedly and released, we saw a 60% increase in the rent over the prior tenant. As only 2% of our portfolio rolls to market every year, the spread to market is rarely achievable on a timely basis, but in times of distress like today, bankruptcies and unexpected move outs do trigger change that bears gifts. These qualities of stability and change that I’ve mentioned are the effects of the current economy on our portfolio and represent facts. The real story is what actions we are taking to create value. Leasing remains our best source of value and we continue to push our productivity through relationship marketing and old fashioned prospecting for local tenants. We’ve hired four experienced leasing directors during this past quarter two in Florida and two in the West Coast. Dedicated in house leasing with tenured professionals historically has been our advantage over local landlords and the talent pool in the market right now is providing great additions to our regional teams. We’ve also increased our partnerships with local brokerage houses and have increased our commission schedules in key markets to take better share of those tenants represented by tenant brokers who very much value our ability to pay commissions on time and in full. Cost reduction has also been a targeted source of momentum and we have been creating programs that focus on two different strategies. Reducing the cost that a tenants CAM will and reducing tenants other operating expenses that are not a part of CAM, but reduce their overall occupancy costs, thereby making our properties more competitive. The CAM related reductions have been primarily those controllable items such as sweeping, maintenance, landscaping and utilities. As an example, we now have a growing pool of properties that we’ve installed water meters and electric meters that are not on traditional timers, but are controllers that measure humidity, rainfall and daylight hours and can be adjusted daily as opposed to timers which are less efficient. The result is indeed nickels and dimes a day, but in aggregate makes us more competitive. The costs that are not related to CAM come from the theory that a dollar in rent is no different to a tenant than a dollar in other real estate related expenses. Trash and energy are two primary categories that the landlord is traditionally not in the chain of involvement. For example, we’ve created a trash program where we bundle the total trash removal for a property, traditionally negotiated and paid directly from each tenant and created a larger pool of work that’s resulted in a 20% reduction in total cost. Over 200 properties are now on this program. Kimco remains outside of the billing process and is not taking responsibility for payments or tenant trash removal, but acts as a broker on the tenant’s behalf, negotiating lower rates in return for a larger contract with vendors. Energy is also a new program. As we prepare to install three solar systems in New Jersey this quarter, where rates are high, federal and state rebates are generous and our tenants will be buying electricity from a Kimco subsidiary with rates that are flat for a number of years and can therefore hedge against future rate hikes. In our minds, the costs associated with this strategy are no different than expanding a building for an existing high credit anchor. We purchase the equipment and then tenant pay the healthy return on that investment through a lease modification. Our returns are in excess of traditional redevelopment rate turns and the contractual payments pay for the system in a very short period of time. Creativity in these traditional and non-traditional programs are result of size and leverage and we will continue to work on revenue and cost one dollar at a time to create value long-term on our properties and with that, I’ll turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Thanks David. We’ve been through many cycles in our long history. The current downturn in my opinion is driven by the consumer and the consumer accounts for close to 70% of GDP. Since last September, the consumer cut down on shopping and walked by the retail stores, straight to the savings bank to deposit the money that he would have spent in the stores. The consumer is worried and this is confirmed by the recent report of the drop in consumer confidence. The consumer is focusing on necessities and he is trading down, he is going from the department store to the off price retailer. Please note that one of the few retailers that had comp store sales increases was in off-price retailer TJ Maxx. Supermarkets, drug stores, discounters, warehouse clubs and off-price retailers will increase their share of market. Department stores will lose market share. We will not be immune from the problems of the consumer and the retailer, but I believe we are better off on a relative basis and review of our top-50 tenants supports this belief. Our plan to monetarize the non-core assets would not only enable us to focus exclusively on our shopping center business, but will help to reduce debt. Now, an advantage of being around for a long time is that leases entered into more than 15 years ago, have lower rents than those that have been entered within the past ten years and just as the homeowner is better off in tough times with a low mortgage, retailers are better off in tough times with low rents. My partners, the two Davids and Mike work well together and they have fostered the team spirit down the line. Historically, Kimco has done well in times of stress. We have substantial cash and $1.7 billion of unused credit lines and most important, a fabulous team to execute and with that, we would be delighted to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today will come from Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning everyone. Here with Johan as well. I guess for Mike, as you walk through the reserves and you said the 2.5% you set aside thus far and you anticipate roughly 1.75%, sort of the ramp up in the back half of the year. I guess as we look forward in to next year and if you think occupancy could trend below the 90% or 89% range, where perhaps you bottomed historically? I mean, would you anticipate taking further reserves just to be cautious at this point in the cycle? Then secondarily, can you walk through the impairments? Just give us some sense of, how you’re arriving at fair value especially in the Pru Kim and preferred equity, as well as Valad?
Mike Pappagallo: Okay, Jay on your first point, I just wanted to make one clarification that as we think about trending upward in the second half of the year, that those estimates have been provided for or considered in our guidance. As we look into next year, if there is anticipation in further bankruptcies, decreases in occupancy, recognize that we have to provide and will be providing our normal bad debt reserves through the process into next year. I think the point that I wanted to make is that because we have a substantial amount of reserves. In effect anticipating that there are going to be increased losses and to the extent that there are, that our reserves will be sufficient to cover those increased losses. So that the affect on the profit and loss statement will be somewhat muted, that there will be a more historic charge-off of issuing expensing to the P&L. So that’s why we’re not expecting a large spike or reductions in NOI from credit losses because of existing reserves built over a period of years. With respect to impairments, the process essentially, in particularly for those assets, which are acquired to be estimated at fair value on discounted cash flow basis. We essentially look to the marketplace, we looked at studies for average cap rates and discount rates, using things like core past studies and the like things that are in affect verifiable from an audit perspective. As you know, cap rates on strip centers and other assets and as they range across the board and depending on whether it’s a development deal or not. The discount rates associated with associated with DCF can range from anywhere from 12% to 15% and beyond. So every asset was evaluated using the methodologies in accounting and if you needed to create a fair value estimate on the assets it was a discounted cash flow using current cap rates and discount rates, but also to the extent there was debt. You fair value the debt as well using current interest rates in relation to what interest rates were on the underlying debt. We did review over $2 billion of assets on our balance sheet and we came up with these adjustments. Certain items I mentioned, Valad, we had done an analysis of the Valad balance sheet, and came to the conclusion that as with respect to our debt instrument that it was recoverable. As you know from previous quarters, we have written off the common stock.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer & Co.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Co.: Good morning. I was wondering, if you could talk a little bit. You made a statement in your release about rent guarantees supporting some of the performance during the quarter. I’m just wondering, how much exposure you have to rent guarantees? What the potential impact would be if those roll off? Then also if you could talk a little bit about any exposure that you may have or conversations that you’ve had with banks that announced or come out and saying that they’re going to be closing branches, and the potential impact to the portfolio and what you could do for alternative uses in that regard?
Mike Pappagallo: I’ll cover the first part, with respect to some of the bankruptcies. There are about ten leases, of which there is a guarantee for the predecessor corporation. It’s announced about $600,000 a quarter of rent. The obligations continue through the term of the leases. So that in effect helps the support. Notwithstanding the fact that it’s reported as a vacant space which it is. The strong parent guarantee underlying some of those leases helps keep the NOI going.
Dave Henry: With respect to the banks, they’ve certainly been a couple of articles in the past week about, banks kind of closing some of their locations and retail formats, but there has been no affect to-date. I would say that the pad leasing for banks pretty much shutdown six to eight months ago. That’s not a necessarily bad thing, because for a long time a lot of traditional pad users were simply out priced in the market by the banks that were expanding. So, what we’re likely to see is other types of traditional pad users still be active. For instance, a Walgreens, Fast food retailers, items of that sort. So most of the banks that are in our portfolio tend to be on out-parceled and those usually are the first spaces to get released.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Quentin Velleley - Michael Bilerman: Good morning, I’m here with Michael Bilerman. My questions just relate to the Prudential Joint Venture. It looks like you still are holding at a book value cap rate around 6.5%. I think the debt yield is around 10%. I’m wondering if you can give us an update on the debt refinancing situation and the projected capital commitments by Kimco. Secondly, whether there has been any progress on the $500 million of assets that you’ve been trying to sell. Thirdly, if Prudential did want redemption, if it’s possible what the options are there. Thanks.
David Lukes: I will reiterate to you Quentin that with respect to the obligation to pay the remaining $600 million or so of guaranteed debt, of which over a little over $100 million is due this August, that Kimco and Prudential are committed and prepared to make that payment. I guess maybe the question could be asked again at the end of August, once Kimco and Prudential have made their respective payments. In our capital plan, we have assumed that we will be responsible for 15% of that remaining obligation and Prudential 85%, with respect to the sales bucket, Dave if you’d like to talk about where we are with respect to the assets.
Dave Henry: Sure. In conversations with Prudential they’ve accelerated their efforts to sell not only some properties that were designated as sale assets, but also several properties that were in what we call the whole bucket. We have had some success recently on the sale bucket closings. I think three or four have closed over the last couple of months after there being no acquisition activity for more than six months. So, the market’s picked up a bit on the sale assets and Prudential has encouraged us to put certain selective hold assets on the market as they try to increase the liquidity of their various funds that are invested with us in the Pan Pacific Venture.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Hi, at first Mike I was wondering, can you clarify what you said at the tail end of your comments with respect to two edge leasing spreads. And then the question is, when we look page 40 in the supplemental, the $1.6 billion of book value for the non-core investments. Can you give us a sense as to how much current recurring income or NOI that pool of assets in aggregate is throwing off?
Mike Pappagallo: With respect to the non-core asset, in the supplemental, you have a guidance range. For 2009 with respect to recurring and non-recurring income, from the page 38 for the non-core portfolio, so that will give you some guidance into how much income is left available. Can you repeat the first part of your question again, Michael?
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Yes, it was second half leasing spreads that you’ve talked about at the back end of the guidance, I missed that.
Mike Pappagallo: Yes, the only reason why we made that assumption is, because as you probably heard David talk about from time-to-time, that in terms of leasing spreads on some of the junior anchors, the former Linens ‘n Things and Circuit Cities and the like that some of those rents were, relative to current market, above market.  So as we start to release some of those locations the chances are good that you will see some negative absorption or negative leasing spreads on those assets. So, to contemplate or to anticipate that phenomenon, I looked at the second half of the year of potentially being negative and therefore the full year to be flat.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Going to the page 38, so if we’re taking a look at that, it’s about $50 million it looks like. Is that correct? $50 million or $70 million, okay, I see it. I see it. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go next to Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O’Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill: Hi, good morning. Can you just remind us what your loan loss reserves are, your provision on the preferred equity in the loan portfolio and then also as what percent you’ve already marked down, so from the original value that it was to where it stands down what that markdown represents?
Milton Cooper: Recognize that with respect to mortgage receivables, or other financing receivables, we have in relative number, few of them. So, we look at them on a specific asset-by-asset basis, so unlike core shopping center credit losses we don’t need to apply averages or historical experience. Overtime to the extent that there have been write-offs; we have taken them on a specific asset basis. Preferred equity again even though you may contemplate it as a loan, we are treating it and evaluating it from a real estate perspective as an equity investment and applying any of the impairment criteria that we did for other assets. So, of the total impairment charges that we took this quarter, probably about $40 million of it relates to the preferred equity portfolio.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill: So, you don’t take loan loss reserves against the either loans or preferred equity.
Mike Pappagallo: Let me repeat with respect to loans we don’t take reserves, because we have so few loans we make specific determination as to whether they are collectible or not. With respect to preferred equity, we don’t apply loan loss reserves, we evaluate them as we would any other real estate investment and if we deem that we cannot recover our investment, we are going to take an impairment charge and in this quarter we took a $40 million impairment charge, the total related to those preferred equity recoveries.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Ross Nussbaum with UBS.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: Hi, good morning everyone. My question on page 40 of your supplemental, as I the go through your non-core investments and try to think about the billion of deleveraging that you’d like to occur from that basket. It would seem to me that outside of the Westmont investment we are talking about a lot of let’s call it nickels and dimes in terms of sizing of these investments. What do you think is a reasonable timeframe to work through this I guess that’s part A and then part B is how much of this portfolio if you will is on the market today?
Dave Henry: We are trying to target maybe a 24 month accelerated period to really make a major bite out of this. I think report card that would be reasonable would be somewhere in the $600 million to $700 million bite out of this within a 24 month period. You’re right some of these are very illiquid investments and in the sense they are non-income producing. Others are income producing assets or in some cases we have certain development assets that will be coming on stream and clearly have value in excess of our basis. That’s just one example we have a senior housing development venture of seven assets that will be coming on stream over the next 12 months. Those assets still trade at very low cap rates and we think there is an embedded gains in that portfolio. So, there maybe an opportunity to mix and match certain non-core investments that are above water with some that are illiquid and make an opportunistic sale of those assets. So, we are accelerating those efforts. A number of these properties are physically in the market, others we have joint venture partners and we’ve had very active discussions with these partners about the best way to disengage or monetize these investments and we believe we will make progress overtime on those activities. Another example of course, we like to point to positive ones in Canada many of our preferred equity investments have substantial unrealized gains of those investments. Those are other areas that we could use to help facilitate the sale of other investments that maybe more difficult.
Ross Nussbaum - UBS: If I could ask just a related follow up, it looks like your detailed FFO guidance you kept the low end of the range you trimmed the high end a bit and looks like it’s sort of a little here, little there, nothing major as you go through all the line items. I’m just curious from a macroeconomic perspective, as we think about the trims to each of these line items. What has changed from 1Q to 2Q in terms of taking the high end off the table, is it just the continued economic weakness and job losses?
Dave Henry: I think it’s the advantage Ross, of three more months of actual recognizing that even more transactional activity that we had contemplated is less and yes, the fact that in certain of our initial forecast, particularly in the non-core part of the puzzle and thinking about say, the hotel portfolio that we have, the economics continue to decline and occupancy struggles. So, we’ve ratcheted down, our expectation for FFO. So, it’s a combination of everything and to your point it is a lot of nickels and dimes and we attempt to be as precise as we can, but there’s not been one big thing that’s changed the upper end of the guidance range. I think the other thing though to consider is in my prepared remarks is that, since you are dealing with at least in the second quarter outside of the impairment charge, is been pretty much as a steady quarter, very little transactional activity or noise. That’s why I think as we get to the second half of the year, as long as we continue to shift steady that we can get to the low end of the range.
Operator: Our next question will come from Craig Schmidt with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Craig Schmidt - Banc of America: Good morning. I was wondering how you may be viewing joint ventures any differently given some of the write downs in the recent past.
 Merrill Lynch: Good morning. I was wondering how you may be viewing joint ventures any differently given some of the write downs in the recent past.
Milton Cooper : I think there’s two aspects. We learned in retrospect, one is that leverage levels, we’re very conscious of leverage levels going forward in our joint ventures, whether they be in connection with an institutional joint venture or a one-off joint venture and secondly, with respect to debt, we want to make sure as I said that debt is kept completely separate from Kimco itself. As most of the analyst community knows, there is a couple of occasions where Kimco stepped up on behalf of a partnership and guaranteed an amount of that debt. We won’t do that in the future for sure, but the aspect of using other people’s capital to be competitive and then buyer properties and enhance our returns, reduce risk still makes sense to us long-term. We make a little over $40 million a year of fee income on our long-term recurring basis from our current joint venture partners. Almost all of these partners are wonderful institutions that are very sophisticated investors. They realized in many cases they invested near the top of the market. They do not begrudge that fact. They are disappointed in the mark-to-markets they’ve taken, but they still remain committed long-term to have a certain proportion of their assets invested in real estate and a certain portion of those assets invested in retail real estate. We would like to be the partner they turn to invest their money in retail real estate. In addition, we have lenders and banking relationships, which are beginning to turn to us for help, in understanding and underwriting troubled retail that they are beginning to struggle with. We would like to provide services on a fee basis for them and perhaps opportunistically acquire assets. These banks may find themselves in ownership of over time. So, we still believe in joint ventures. We are trying to learn from things that have occurred over the past couple of years in our ventures and certainly the accounting is another aspect. Maybe Mike can comment a little bit about the preferred equity accounting, but in general I think, we still believe in the venture concept.
Mike Pappagallo: Craig, I just want to make one point to that, joint venture accounting and the impairment analysis certainly if you have joint ventures it’s much more pronounced. By no means am blaming or pointing to the accounting literature as the cause of the problem, but let’s face it. If you think about how investors and analysts are looking at REIT balance sheets and trying to apply current valuation, they are marking down things to market and it certainly has been reflected in everyone’s stock price. I think the disadvantage with joint ventures is that marking is now manifest itself into P&L. So, our markdown is obvious and hits the bottom line whereas for those REITs that they have a consolidated portfolio, you’ve marked them down in your valuation, because of different rules they are not flowing through the income statement.  So, I’m not diminishing or minimizing the affect of the impairment. All I’m saying is that it’s a recognition on the financial accounts or something, which is already underlying the valuation of real estate right now.
Craig Schmidt - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you that’s helpful.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from David Schick with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning. Two accounting related questions. Are bad debts included in your same store numbers? What are the fixed charges and interest charges just looking at JVs?
Mike Pappagallo: Bad debts are included in same store coverages. I believe the fixed charge coverages ratios, David, are contained in our supplemental, page 10. We give you debt service and fixed charge including per added JV, those numbers are 2.0 and 1.8 respectively.
David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take a follow up from Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Good morning again. Question on Mexico, I know Dave you gave comments and continue to like the market. Obviously, leasing continues to be pretty slow and a bunch of the portfolio stabilizes in the next year or so. I guess just from Mike, is TALF something you’re looking to consider just given that perhaps DDR and Bernardo are moving in that direction?
Milton Cooper: I’m sorry?
Mike Pappagallo: TALF.
Milton Cooper: TALF. No, for Mexico?
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: No that was for Mike. In terms of the U.S. [Multiple Speaker]
Milton Cooper: With respect to Mexico, again I’m slightly biased here. In the U.S., we do not have leases with cost of living increases. In Mexico, every single one of our leases has cost of living. I believe five years from now you will not see that in Mexico. You will not see tenants being willing, you’ll see them migrate to what is happening in the U.S., and percentage rents and cost of living increases will not be there. So to the extent we have that in Wal-Mart and Home Depot, ground leases, as an example. I think long term will be wonderful assets for our shareholders to hold on to. We still believe that Mexico in many ways is under retail. Our tenants are still expanding down there and things are okay. I mean, leasing activity is still active. We’re signing lots of leases. They have not been immune to the slowdown that we see in retailing and consumer spending in the U.S. and certainly some of the original lease up projections are not being achieved. Long term we do believe we are creating value for our shareholders in Mexico, through the development of the program. We are going to complete that development program over the next year, and there is upside as these spaces are leased and income comes on stream. In TALF, we’ve taken a hard look at it. Perhaps Glenn and Mike do you want to comment on it.
Mike Pappagallo: I would just say for TALF, Jay that on the corporate balance sheet we really don’t see a need to do it. We are dealing with the particular leverage levels in question. I think our strategy ultimately we need to refinance debt maybe a little more to the unsecured markets. Our capital plan doesn’t anticipate needing to go get a heck of a lot more new mortgages other than refinancing, those are existing today. I would love to go back to the unsecured bonds market as the pricing continues to come in. TALF was built for being considered perhaps maybe for some of our joint venture maturities, again loan to values are going to be an issue. We’re looking at it, but right now I would not consider it a critical part of the refinancing plan on the joint venture line.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Well, imagine you wouldn’t use it in a case where you plan to dispose of the assets. It would be more for Keer longer term hold portfolios?
Mike Pappagallo: It would be something that where the loan in effect refinances and assets that are already at loan to values that are roughly within the TALF scheme. You mentioned Keer, which is a perfect example, because many of the mortgages mature in Keer over the next few years all at that low loan to value. TALF is not going to solve maturities coming due where current LCD’s are 60%, 70%, 80%.
Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go now to a follow-up from Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer: Yes, Mike I was wondering if you could talk about, you guys may mention that you would reassess your dividend in January. I’m just wondering looking at what your good run rate would be in terms of our forecasting, do you think would be a good number for a dividend or minimum payout number?
Mike Pappagallo: Come on, Mark. It is too premature to talk about a 2010 dividend. We are going to go through the rest of the year, evaluate and look at our projections for next year and certainly need to have the board weigh in and provide their approval, what I can say is, what I said in previous forums is that as we move forward our dividend rate which will become a more normalized level, you won’t see 44 and 6 in opposite quarters is going to be based on our expectations of recurring cash flow. Ignoring any potential transactional activity or one timers. I’m really not at the point yet where I can provide insight in terms of what that level would be.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Co.: So, in terms of a payout ratio, I mean would it be back to say historically what it would be if we could get back to whatever that core number is and use an historical payout ratio that would be equivalent?
Mike Pappagallo: I think that’s a fair approach, because when you consider FFO payout ratio I think, we have about things like CapEx, and loan amort, probably a reasonable consideration.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go next to a follow-up from Mike Bilerman with Citi.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: Good morning. It’s Mike Bilerman. I had a question, Mike in your opening comments you talked about one of the ways to delever was potentially to go out and buy assets and issue equity for those assets. I’m just trying to sort of put that into perspective of still raising equity at that point as sort of diluting the rest as a whole that isn’t it just better to issue the equity to get the balance sheet in the position and evaluate future opportunities on a leverage neutral basis. I think you get to the same spot.
Mike Pappagallo: I understand that approach Michael, but I do think that considering where the stock price is and considering where the potential opportunities are, I think it makes more sense to wait until the opportunities are there and then to be able to issue the equity to the investment community, recognizing that they’re going to have positive spreads, that they are going to have value creation as opposed to just saying give me the money now, at very compressed and depressed levels of stock pricing let’s hang on and wait. As what somebody in the investor community or the analyst community said, dilution is forever. I recognize that we needed to dilute the company’s equity position to get out of the large levels that we had back in March, but I don’t think that that’s, we should be doing it as a steady diet.
Dave Henry: We do have those two other alternatives, which is making progress on selling and monetizing non-core, which could produce cash to that we could then reinvest in retail properties and, also selectively using institutional JV partners, if it would provide us capital.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: Just to clarify, the $1 billion of non-core sales you’re talking about. How much EBITDA is there on that $1 billion today versus sort of what is to come in the future? As we’re thinking about the deleveraging obviously, there’s some income level on these. I think there’s probably some capital left to spend to get to the billion.
Dave Henry: I used the billion as that hypothetical, knowing where we are. It’s hard to say, when you go with the actual billion, which assets they’re going to be, but maybe the best thing to do Michael is just look at I guess I think with page 38, where we have the guidance range of what the EBITDA coming from the non-core is and then speculate how much EBITDA will be lost if we sold a proportion of those total non-core assets.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: If I think you made mention also that your pool of assets that you’re going to draw from is not just that non-core page and it could be developments that are on the development page right now that are going to stabilize, it could be some Mexico assets.
Mike Pappagallo: I think what Dave was saying is that, within the context of the non-core, we would be drawing from that. The example that he gave was, within the non-core there certain assets under development like the senior living assets that might be conducive to putting into a pool because there will be future cash flows coming from it.
Milton Cooper: We also have another category of preferred equity that are retail investments that do have unrealized gains in those, and we might be able to use some of those as well. They’re not technically non-core, but they are still preferred equity and they represent somewhat of a drag on our balance sheet due to the accounting that Mike talked about.
Mike Bilerman - Citi: If I could just clarify just the Prudential, the last question on Prudential for now. You mentioned that they have asked you to sell more of the whole bucket of assets. Is there any potential, I don’t know if there is any put call or a buy sell upon which just given the reduced equity in that fund, that they may just say, we will trigger the buy sell, we’ll take it and we’ll just liquidate because we want out.
Mike Pappagallo: No, there is certainly no put or call feature in our joint venture and we are working on a cooperative basis with them across the board.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Our final question today will come from Jim Sullivan with Green Street Advisors.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Thanks. During the prepared remarks Mike said, your intention is to sell non-core assets and use the proceeds to de-lever. During David comments, you talked about selling non-core assets and recycling the capital opportunistically. Those comments strike me as a bit contradictory; can you clarify what the strategic plan is at this point?
Mike Pappagallo: Well, I think what my point was that selling non-core provides an option to use as capital. Since money is fungible, to the extent we have proceeds from non-core that could be used as well as raising equity or using joint venture capital, remains one of three options we have, if we purchase properties on a selective basis.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session, Ms. Pooley I will turn it back to you for closing remarks.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks Debby, as a reminder, our supplemental is on our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks everybody for participating today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation. This does conclude today’s conference.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Kimco Realty Corporation (KIM):
Executives: Barbara Pooley – VP, Finance and IR Mike Pappagallo – EVP, CFO, and Chief Administrative Officer David Henry – Vice Chairman, President, and Chief Investment Officer David Lukes – COO Milton Cooper – Chairman and CEO Glenn Cohen – Treasurer
Analysts: Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer & Co. Paul Morgan – Morgan Stanley Michael Mueller – JPMorgan Quentin Velleley – Citi David Wigginton – Macquarie Jay Haberman – Goldman Sachs Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets Nathan Isbee – Stifel Nicolaus Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O'Neill Jeff Donnelly – Wachovia Jim Sullivan – Green Street Advisors Michael Bilerman – Citi 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Kimco's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware today's conference is being recorded. As a reminder, all lines are muted to prevent background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker for today Barbara Pooley. Please proceed, Ms. Pooley.
Barbara Pooley: Thank you, Jennifer. Thank you all for joining us on the first quarter 2009 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Chairman and CEO; Dave Henry, President and Chief Investment Officer; Mike Pappagallo, our Chief Financial Officer; and David Lukes, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Other key executives are also available to take your call at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a remainder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management’s hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future which are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question with appropriate follow-up so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue if you have additional questions and if we have time at the end of the call, we will address those questions. I'll now turn the call over to Mike Pappagallo.
Mike Pappagallo: Thank you, Barbara and good morning. The ongoing recession, credit market dislocation and pressures in asset pricing have continued to reek havoc in the REIT and general real estate markets. Recognizing these challenges, our priorities over the past three months have been focused in three areas. First, holding the line on shopping center portfolio performance, second aggressively addressing liquidity in capital structure, and third, cost reduction actions including organizational realignment and certain manpower reductions in force. Capital markets activities were the headline event. With the company completing its $747 million common equity raise and a $220 million two-year unsecured term loan facility. Both transactions closed earlier this month. In addition, we have continued to tap into our large pool of unencumbered assets to access secured financing. Through April 25th, we have closed on two new mortgages aggregating $135 million with an additional $323 million of financing either under commitment or term sheet. We are also well down the tracks to expend about $100 million of maturities on our construction financing. Finally, in conjunction with the equity raise, pulled back the quarterly dividend level to $0.06 per share for the balance of the year to preserve capital. This dividend rate when added to the first half quarterly run rate of $0.44 will result in a full-year 2009 dividend payout of $1 per share. Our normalized quarterly rate will be reset in 2010 based on our projections of recurring cash flow and what is required for re-compliance. Support for that equity raise was substantial and the market has demonstrated that support for the transaction notwithstanding its dilutive effects on earnings as is witnessed by the increase in the stock price since that date. As a consequence of these capital market transactions, we have substantially all of our capacity available under our credit facilities and our credit metrics have improved. And importantly the extent of debt maturities has been reduced. On the company balance sheet, our debt maturities are $266 million for the rest of 2009, $295 million for 2010 and $693 million for 2011. Our base capital plant to fund those maturities involved very manageable amounts of capital raising. As I just mentioned, we have $323 million of financing commitments in hand essentially taking care of the remaining maturities for 2009. For 2010 and 2011, we will seek additional mortgage financing but at much lower levels in this year and we will still retain a significant number of unencumbered properties somewhere in the 370 property range. We will also pursue more asset sales particularly from the non-retail portfolio. Our plan does not even consider needing to reenter the bond market until 2011, but we will certainly jump in if conditions improve. And this plan considers minimal utilization of our $1.7 billion capacity on the credit facility which provides additional comfort in the plan execution and prepares us for a most likely a smaller facility on maturity in 2012. On the joint venture level, we have also made significant progress in refinancing and extending debt coming due with over $300 million in financing that are either closed or committed over $135 million of loans already expended between one to three years. We also closed on two property sales in the Prudential Kimco portfolio reducing the 2009 pay down requirement to $155 million. A deeper dive into the joint venture debt profile reveals a couple of things. First on a composite basis, the loan to value of maturing debt over the next three years using a nine cap rate on the asset NOI is 52%, 62%, and 61% respectively. Some properties are higher, some are lower. But that statistic at least gives a perspective that these joint venture programs are far from over leverage and the financing gap is manageable from both Kimco and the partners’ perspective. Second, of all the joint venture programs, the bulk of the maturing debt through 2011 is one of three programs, Prudential, the Kimco Income REIT, and PL Retail with DRA Advisors. To Pru Kimco JV financing commitments have been discussed at length and we continue to feel comfortable that the Prudential’s sponsored funds will make good on their majority share of the financing obligation associated with the maturing term facility maturing over the next two years. The Kimco Income REIT benefits from an extremely well loan to value about 40% which will facilitate re-financing. The PL Retail portfolio is more highly leverage and we have factored in paying our share of any financing gap in our capital plan. To the extent that we may have to fund additional amounts, we would enjoy a 15% preferential return on any fund’s advance, which would represent an excellent investment on this asset pool. On the asset side of the ledger, the shopping center portfolio has demonstrated its resiliency despite the economic headwinds. Key operating metrics were as follows. Occupancy at March 31 was 92.6%, as compared to 93.8% at December 31. Over half of the net decline was due to the vacancies resulting from the bankruptcies of Circuit City and Value City. Same-store net operating income was minus 0.5%, clearly at the better end of the range of between 0% to minus 0.2% offered to the investment community earlier this year and positive leasing spreads were realized during the quarter in the US portfolio. David Lukes will provide you more insight on the portfolio performance in a bit. Quarterly funds from operations was $0.43, although this level represented a decline from the 2008 level of $0.64 per share, the current level met consensus estimates. Prior year results included a significant amount of transactional gains, whereas the current year earnings contained few and relatively minor one-time items. Backing out transaction gains and taxes, the comparative FFO per share was about $0.41 per share versus $0.47 last year. Interestingly the net operating income from our consolidated portfolio was flat with the decline being driven by lower income from deferred equity and non-core portfolio, the effect of foreign currency changes, particularly the Mexican peso and a modest dilution from more shares outstanding from the September 2008 equity raise. We did not incur any impairment charges for the quarter as there were little change in the assumptions underlying the evaluations of strategies associated with the assets since filing of our Form 10-K, but this area will continue to be a focus of management and continued declines in asset values could result in reserves being required as we go through the year. During the quarter, the company completed two reductions in force in January and March, coupled with actions taken in the fourth quarter; headcount has been reduced by 89 persons. In addition, certain salaries were rolled back in certain areas including each of us in the Office of the Chairman and a variety of other cost saving actions were implemented. These actions should result in a reduction of cost of over $20 million on an annualized basis and will start to have an impact beginning of the second quarter. As a consequence of the equity offering, our 2009 earnings guidance has been reduced to the range of $1.33 to $1.45 per share. At the low end of our guidance, the dilutive effect of the offering was about $0.37. The reduced earnings guidance range that many of you saw when we announced the offering contemplated 70 million shares. We actually issued a 105 million due to the heavy demand and as a result, the numbers had to be adjusted down further. And as I indicated in the prior earnings call, our guidance range represents in-place FFO, meaning an estimate without regard to any potential impairments, any incremental effect of acquisitions or other new business generation or the new accounting rules related to acquisition cost is incurred. We tightened up the range from the $0.20 spread in our prior call to $0.12, primarily by bringing in the high end of the range down to reflect the limited availability of transactional activity. I would draw your attention to our supplemental financial package on our website. In that document, we present an extremely detailed analysis of the components of our earnings guidance by business activity and financial statement line item, as well as providing assumptions for using your evaluation work. Finally, if you read our annual report to shareholders or at various investor forums over the couple of months, you’ve heard us spend a great deal of time reframing our business strategy, one that revolves around the pure ownership and management of retail centers across North America. And as part of that effort, we will also begin a process of developing the optimal approach to ultimately exit those assets that do not need this core shopping center strategy. These non-core assets aggregate over $900 million, net of property specific debt. This portfolio is diverse and consist of securities, mixed use assets, deferred equity positions, hotel investments, and other various other things. Over the next couple of months, we’re going to finalize strategies for this portfolio, making realistic assessments as to asset value holding periods needed to rebuild value and the best source of this capital to facilitate the ultimate monetization of these assets. This process will not only allow us to isolate resources to execute, but also allow us more focus – to focus most of our resources and capital to enhance the value of our core shopping center franchise. With that, I will turn it over to Dave.
David Henry: Thanks Mike. As usual, Mike has provided an excellent and detailed summary of our financial results and the many moving parts of this past quarter. We are very all very proud that our equity offering was over subscribed and then we were able to obtain $220 million of unsecured bank debt in a very difficult credit market. We are continuing to position our balance sheet to take the advantage of retail acquisition opportunities as they arise over the next several years. In that light, I would like to expand on Mike’s comments about our business strategy and how we are changing to leverage our strengths and adapt in today’s marketplace. As mentioned before, part of our company, our expertise and our 50 year history all lie in retail real estate. In today’s tough environment it has become crystal clear that we can create the most value for our shareholders by focusing on equity ownership of retail properties with long-term recurring cash flows. Short-term debt instruments, marketable securities, and non-retail investments are non-core areas of our company’s experience and strength. We do believe that as the operating partner with proven property management, leasing and development expertise, we can continue to attract institutional capital in our retail sector that will enable us to grow and earn enhanced returns. Joint venture capital together with funds from our own balance sheet will help us grow long-term and be a consolidator of public and private shopping center portfolio. As we wait for the right opportunities, we will continue to focus on asset management, value creation and selective dispositions of our existing assets, both our shopping centers and our non-core real estate holdings. We have created a detailed business plans for each asset with dedicated personnel who have responsibility and ownership for the execution of the business plans. We have also increased and enhanced our portfolio review process to make sure we have our best managers providing suggestions and help in making things happen at the property level. Redevelopment potential, replacement tenants, expense reductions, alternative uses, partner relationships and property debt terms all have heightened focus and intensity for all of us on the management team. Given the enormous changes in asset values and credit markets over the past six months, it is still early for most transactions as sellers and buyers struggle to find stabilized cap rates and reliable cash flows. We do believe however that developers, property owners, institutions, and public companies are beginning to conclude there will be substantial consolidation in our sector. Public REITs still own a very small percentage of the 50,000 shopping centers in the US. And the importance of scale, balance sheet capacity and expensive relationships is becoming apparent. As David Lukes can better relate, for the first time in years, the actual owner of a shopping center has become very important to prospective retail tenants as they try to verify the tenant improvements will be completed as promised and properties will be well maintained. Many retailers have been adversely affected by partially completed development projects, landlord bankruptcies, and lender foreclosures. Today it is critical for tenants to have a strong well-capitalized landlord and this is now helping us as we compete for a decreasing number of expanding retailers. There is more turmoil to come in the real estate and financial markets, but we think we are now well positioned to manage our portfolio through these times and to take advantage of the opportunities that will surely arise. We like our neighborhood at community shopping center sector, but large numbers of retailers selling essential goods and services, our 13,000 leases and 7,000 tenants provide us with great diversity and will stand us in good step. Now David Lukes will provide us details on our US portfolio operations and performance.
David Lukes: Good morning. I would like to start by giving you some thoughts on our last 90 days of work and finish with our strategy going forward. If fears started this quarter then confidence has ended it. By almost any measure, the company had a very strong leasing quarter. We executed 477 leases in our US portfolio, 160 of those were new leases and 317 of which were renewals. These contracts represented a total of 2.6 million square feet, which is about a 30% increase over the same quarter last year. Rent spread as Mike mentioned remained positive at 10.6% for new leases and 3.5% for auctions and renewals. We’ve completed new deals in every region of the country even though it’s hit hard by the recession and continued to see renewal activity in very high numbers. Despite the positive momentum, however, we are very mindful of the fact that strong headwinds persist for our tenants and we are not blind to the realities of the current market. Because of this, I want to focus my discussion on one word, trend. Many retailers have trended down for sales. Occupancy is still trending down. The number of tenant expanding is trended down. And the time to take to execute a lease has trended up. All of these facts point to a continued difficult environment and certainly are not a recipe for success in a normal market. The trend in the market is to the negative, it sways, movement, drift, course and tendency is the challenge. We have a bias for action, however and I would like to discuss our strategy. As any golfer knows, a put on a flat green tends straight, but a put on a rolling green can hamper the path. We have a number of methods for changing the path of the current trend and part of our success this quarter on the leasing front particularly is our focus on obstructing a negative trend. Our first method is research. Angela Comstock, who runs our Tenant Relations Department performed over 75 portfolio reviews last year and has continued to increase her program this quarter. Typically we use these reviews to enhance our relationships with existing tenants and provide them with a many of opportunities at a single sitting, which usually bears fruit as the decision makers can get direct feedback from our leasing agents and the time to close the deal is shortened. We recently added staff to Angela’s department and have a deeper focus on research than we have in the past, increasing much more demographic information to target specific missing pieces of a property’s (inaudible). We are advertising in medical journals, call calling nontraditional users, working directly with franchised operators to expand the regional footprint. Specifically our research in the San Francisco market showed us that some of our best local tenant had only one location. We worked closely with one of these tenants and we’re able to expand their concepts to another one of our properties 10 miles away. We hired consultants for them, assisted in their store design, and helped with the construction. In this case, researching our own tenants yielded a new lease that’s paying $40 a square foot net. Our second method is marketing. When retailers are expanding, a successful leasing program will aim to get an outside share of the expansion units. In a market like today, our marketing is based on the simple fact that most tenants we signed will be relocations from nearby properties or renewals from our existing tenants with a sizeable increase in calling and prospect into existing local businesses. We know that the risk of a business relocating is that their sales need to grow. Our sales data, we are trying to be very creative in structuring deals to entice intra-market moves. This is one reason why we will sometimes roll down an option rent for an anchor tenant to secure additional term and then use that back as a benefit to a local merchant that desires strong co-tenancy for a long period of time to get through this troubled environment. We did this is Aurora, Colorado with our strongest banker and are achieving higher occupancy and shop rents than the in-place tenants that exist. Our third method is cost. We have restructured the way we are handling our national property management initiatives and have created a position responsible for leveraging our size to implement cross-regional efforts. Chris Freeman has been named Vice President of Property Management and resumed responsibility for this program. He has been a proven leader in our Charlotte office and we look forward to his work ahead. For example, in many markets throughout the country now have a larger labor pools than the past few years and we are rebidding most of our controllable account contractors that are seeing a 20% to 30% decline in certain line items related to maintenance, cleaning, sweeping, trash removal, and landscaping. A $1 of rent is no different than a $1 in hand to a tenant and we are working very hard to reduce total occupancy cost for our tenants. Some of the success is no doubt related to the fact that we have a large portfolio in many markets and are able to group our contracts with major vendors to get savings simply because we can offer larger contracts. Lastly, our fourth method is corporate strength Oddly enough it comes down to money. Brokers want to get paid, tenant needs security that the TI allowance would pay, and vendors are valuing good credit. I have no doubt that many of the deals we secure this quarter are directly related to the fact that we pay in full and we pay on time. It’s been taken for granted over the past several years, but it is a stark reality today. If I come back to the production for the quarter, I can offer some interesting data points. Of the 2.2 million square feet that vacated our centers this quarter, 74% were big-box and junior anchors and 84% of those were related to only four tenants, Linens, Shoe Pavilion, Steve & Barry’s, and Value City. The remaining vacancies were small shops, almost 60% of which was in the West Coast and Florida. Our programs I outlined above however were in many case have geared towards securing new shops small tenants. Of the total square foot leased this quarter, over half was small shops and again half of those were in the West Coast and in Florida. So to summarize, the shop we think throughout the country is churning, but the net absorption is mildly negative. The junior anchor of vacancies related to bankruptcy has continued to be our major source of occupancy decline, it is the greatest challenge we face in maintaining dominant at our centers. As I stated before, shopping centers are actively on the move, some are trending down and some are trending up. Our actions going forward are part of the clear operating strategy to leverage our science and our history and our talents. We intend to produce results. And with that, I will turn it over to Mil.
Milton Cooper: Thanks David. We’re in a very difficult environment for retailers. Recent public statistics indicate that the savings rate has jumped from 1% to 5%. And if the consumer is saving more, it follows and the consumer is spending less. The consumer is postponing discretionary purchases and is trading down. Fortunately for Kimco on a relative basis, we had some insulation from these downturns. A large percentage of our retail space is occupied with super markets, warehouse clubs, and off price retailers. We have infill locations. Our tenants enjoy a low occupancy cost in relation to their sales and our rents are below market. In my view, we own one of the most underappreciated portfolios in the history of retail. Our vision is to be the premier owner and manager of retail properties in North America and our plan is to dispose over time assets we do not manage and non-shipping centers. At the present time, our equity market cap is approximately $4 billion, our preferred is $635 million, and our debt $4 billion. Our goal is to achieve a capitalization as at least 75% equity using conservative estimates and value. A strong capital structure and a strong portfolio should result in strong results for our shareholders. I personally feel energized about our vision and our potential opportunities to grow our business. We have a great team, wonderful properties and a focused strategy that will then create a premium evaluation for our company. Barbara?
Barbara Pooley: Okay, Jennifer, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: Okay, thank you. (Operator instructions). And we'll take our first question from Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer & Co.
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer & Co.: Good morning. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about the Mexico portfolio, your view for completing some of the ones that you haven’t broken ground on or starting the ones that you haven’t broken ground on as well as any cutbacks that you might be making in the contrary.
Mike Pappagallo: Sure. By the end of this year, we believe that all but one of our development properties in Mexico will be physically completed. It will take some time to reach stabilization on these properties, but the development program will be largely completed by the end of this year, swine flu aside which is the real wild card right now. The Mexican portfolio is actually holding up quite well. Our stabilized occupancy is about 96%, 95.5% on our properties that are in service that hasn’t declined in service. The number of new leases equaled about what we had in terms of the vacates for the – for this quarter and our rents are largely as projected. We are seeing some softening. But in general, the anchor tenants are continuing to do very well. The Home Depots of the world which have announced the – a largely eliminating their development programs in the US are continuing to expand in Mexico. Wal-Mart has announced 250 new stores in all of Latin America and many of them in Mexico. So the anchor tenants continue to do quite well. And I think it’s – fundamentally it’s related to the fact that there are just so few shopping centers in Mexico. There’s been a 100 and sum million people, there is just few retail and first class properties to service that. So long-term, we still feel good about Mexico. Now everything that could happen to that poor country has been happening in terms of the violence from the drug trade, the swine flu and now an earthquake in Mexico City. So it is very difficult to project out. But I think long-term we have very good properties in the fundamentals that are in place in Mexico are strong. Because the development program is winding down, we have made some expense reductions, we have cut about 20% of our staff and our operating expenses related to Mexico and we will see some of those savings translate over time. But it’s very difficult to project going forward, given what’s going on right now.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Morgan with Morgan Stanley.
Paul Morgan – Morgan Stanley: Could you talk a little bit about – you mentioned that briefly in the context of negotiations with anchors, but just about the general trend of tenants coming back and asking for rent relief and how you are handling that right now? How – what – 80% of their requests are you granting? And then how many of them maybe related to co-tenancy triggers that are in the lease?
David Lukes: Sure Paul. I think the last two quarters we’d have probably given pretty feedback on what was saw happening and to review a little bit, last summer, it probably started with some requests from particularly Inland Empire in California that it kind of moved to Florida, and Vegas, and Phoenix with small shop tenants requesting some help. We really didn’t hit the national tenants asking for assistance until maybe January and February. And in both cases, the number of requests has dropped somewhat dramatically in the last month. And part of that is that the tenants that were having trouble can only ask one since therefore it’s kind of moved along. And from the anchor tenant perspective, the landlord and the tenant typically understand that even though one or two units might be doing less than they did the previous year, there are contracts in place and for the most part, both sides have been respecting those contracts. So the number of changes to contract rent has been very, very minimal. There have been two locations where we’ve rolled down an option rent in order to preserve occupancy and then return for that got an operating covenant, which was to avoid a co-tenancy from an adjacent unit. But two out of 13,000 is not a notable number and to date I think the only reason that we still are seeing a pretty high volume of people asking for help is in Florida. The number of tenants that we’ve helped in terms of the small shops has really stayed about flat from last quarter and in those cases, they’re primarily payment plans for four to six month period. And so at this point, I think that the noise is still much higher than the reality, more tenants ask then complete an application by long shot probably 50 to one. And the number of tenants we help is even smaller than that. So it’s a pretty minute number, I don’t really expect that to be a key risk right now unless we see a couple of more larger bankruptcies to put a lot more pressure on a specific center.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Mueller with JPMorgan.
Michael Mueller – JPMorgan: Hi, can you hear me?
Mike Pappagallo: Yes.
Michael Mueller – JPMorgan: Yes, okay, great. I was just wondering if you can comment, you talked a lot about the non-core assets and the desire to get out of those investments and businesses over time. Just wondering how should we think about that from our standpoint. I know you said you were going to start process of evaluating whole times and stuff. But right now, would you more expect to try to match with redeploying the capital into other investments as they arise or do you think you’re more likely to sell out of those and use the proceeds to pay down debt or kind of hold the cash. I mean what’s the stuff – thoughts on matching at this point?
David Henry: There’s two pieces to the question. In terms of the non-core real estate, as you know, we have a fairly a collected collection of different types of assets, everything from hotels to deferred equity investment, and self storage portfolio, and then so forth. Some of these are very good investments and provide a good current return, but long-term they really don’t fit our strategy of emphasizing our retail neighborhood and community shopping centers. And we have seen with clarity that the marketplace really values our core expertise in owning and managing our own portfolio of shopping centers. So as time goes forward, we will liquidate and monetize those investments at the right time and in the right circumstances. In general, we’ve said it’s good real estate. It will probably be a little easier to monetize to the extent it’s got troubles that might take time and energy to create the income necessary to monetize that and we do have tentative asset plans for each of these and we are beginning to quantify it. I think everybody has noted we’ve been a lot of more transparent about the non-core portfolio that we have. And so we put a little meat on the bone. To the extent we are successful in monetizing that portfolio, we will certainly use the proceeds temporarily to pay down debt. As we wait for the right opportunities as we said in the beginning, it’s probably a little early on the opportunity side. Cap rates continue to drift up and there is a notable absence of transactions as buyers and sellers try to find the right medium.
Operator: Our next question is from Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Quentin Velleley – Citi: Yes, hi, I am here with Michael Bilerman. Just in relation to your comments earlier on the refinancing the debt maturing the joint ventures, I just wanted to talk about the approved joint venture which is one of your more highly levers JVs and obviously there is some CVS [ph] in there. All we are hearing that the – that Prudential are getting a lot of redemption requests across their platform and I am just wondering how Prudential might be able to inject capital when the debt maturities come up?
Mike Pappagallo: I will let Dave answer the discussion about Prudential, but I wanted to clarify one thing Quentin, if you characterize the Prudential, it’s highly leveraged. I don’t believe that to be the case when you look at the portfolio in its totality. The whole category of assets has debt which by the away significant amount doesn’t mature until 2016. And those assets were recently leveraged at about 50% to 55%. So anyway you cut it even with higher cap rates today, I wouldn’t characterize that as highly leveraged. What is highly leveraged is the sale bucket that we sometimes refer to where we did draw a credit facility which dollar for dollar covered the asset and at the time low cap rates, that’s the portfolio that is guaranteed by both Kimco and Prudential. And needs to make good over the course of the next two years.
David Henry: Our relationship with Prudential and our partners in both the Pan Pacific venture and our Trammell Crow venture is a very strong relationship. And the different Prisa partnerships, Prisa I and Prisa II and Western Teamster I think are the three entities that are actually in the Pan Pacific venture with us. All have capacity to meet their obligation and they have (inaudible) to us on many occasions that they full intent to fund their 85% share of any shortfall that may arise over time as we meet these refinancings that are coming up over the next couple of years. So we are actually pretty comfortable with our venture with Pru, their capacity and so forth. I think if you do a little research, you will find that Prisa is a low leveraged fund in general. They have lots of assets. I think Prisa is about a $12 billion fund in total, so it has that capacity and ability to meet its obligations.
David Lukes: I will use a specific example, on this past quarter, there was one property in the portfolio for $12.2 million of the loan matured, we were still pursuing new financing. Prudential cut the check or 85% of the check to pay that loan off and didn’t hesitate one bit to do it. So – and that to us was a natural example of when an obligation was required, they didn’t think twice about fulfilling their requirement.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Wigginton with Macquarie.
David Wigginton – Macquarie: Good morning. Mike, could you talk a little bit about the I guess the loan commitments in term sheets you are working on, specifically who the lenders are, whether it’s bank, life insurance or whatnot and what kind of underwriting criteria you are seeing right now?
Mike Pappagallo: I will let Glenn Cohen, our Treasurer, who actually works on the financing to just – to answer that and give you a brief synopsis.
Glenn Cohen: Yes, good morning. Basically it’s a variety of both insurance companies and local banks that we have been able to tap into. Some of the major insurance companies have provided anywhere between five and seven-year debt. One insurance company provided us a 15-year loan. And then we’ve been able to tap into some of local banks, some banks that we really used the broker communities to get to. Banks like Intervest Bank, Fidelity Bank Corp., there is a couple of examples, but – and you find different rates. I mean the local banks are probably 50% to 75% – 50 basis points to 75 basis points lower in rate. But overall, we’ve really hit low aspects of the market from the large insurance companies to the smaller community banks.
Mike Pappagallo: And then I would just add our long history as a company has helped us. We have relationships with life companies that go back decades. So at a time when capital little bit scares, these life companies that know us and some of them are shareholders, they’re joint venture partners, they’re bond holders, they’re very comfortable with Kimco as a borrower and we have been able to leverage that relationship.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jay Haberman with Goldman Sachs.
Jay Haberman – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning, everyone. Milton, in your comments, you picked my curiosity, you mentioned obviously a 75% equity level. You talked a bit about the simpler structure, obviously selling some of the preferred equity hotels, securities, et cetera. But can you just give us some additional comments as to how you intend to get there? I mean there is Mexico on the table in terms of future dispositions. I know in the past you talked about a fund. And then a separate question as well. Just thinking about risk, because in the past, you guys have been very successful investing in Albertson’s, et cetera. I am just curious how you think about those opportunities in the future?
Milton Cooper: Well the pay downs would be a result of the disposition of assets. And certainly we do not intend to have any preferred equity investments and as preferred equity investments come due, they will be monetized and that probably will take about three years. And so far, as Mexico is concerned if the market that’s stronger in cap rates, lowered and possibly to exit of favorable basis, we would – we (inaudible) there might be a possibility of monetizing that with the fund. So then I guess we will just continue to take those steps to reduce debt and get to that point. I think it’s a combination of a variety.
David Lukes: Again, and I would say that again even though as we’ve made, we’ve been so fearless a bit early, ultimately as consolidation comes down the road and if there are compelling price – compelling pricing opportunities, then certainly equity would be one mechanism to acquire those properties in the entire recalibration of our capital structure.
Mike Pappagallo: If you want to make this comment though about the opportunistic side of the business, JV Albertson is an example.
Milton Cooper: I think there will be rare, Albertson’s was just a wonderful investment and I would – my guess is that there will be very few opportunities coming up. If there was something that was so compelling and didn’t involve a great deal of capital, we have an obligation for our shareholders to try and seize it. But I don’t see there is a real problem for money.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets: Hi guys, good morning. I actually have a follow up to Jay’s question. When you look at these investments whether they’re preferred equity, stressed retailers, international type opportunities, anything outside the core US business, I mean are you dismantling your organizational infrastructure related to these non-US things? I am wondering will you be able to actually go into those areas in the future or you actually that you’re taking the organization apart in those areas.
Mike Pappagallo: Well it’s certainly a combination, part of the 90 people that are no longer employees. Some of them have been related to the front end of our business in preferred equity and in business and so forth. So certainly as we wind down some of the new business elements of what we have been doing, that has been an area where we have less resource. Many of the people that we have attached to the business for instance in preferred equity are more actively focused on the asset management elements of that and monetizing those situations. And Mexico for instance, we have moved many of our people that were primarily new business and originations into leasing. Some of our best leasing in Mexico is being helped by our own people that have their relationships with the Home Depots and the Wal-Marts and the AGBs [ph] and so forth. So we have deployed some people and we’ve certainly reduced our staff in some of those businesses as we try to align with the strategy that we just outlined.
Operator: We will take our next question from Nathan Isbee with Stifel Nicolaus.
Nathan Isbee – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning. Your guidance assumes a 90% year-end occupancy rate. What does the guidance assume for the low point of occupancy?
Mike Pappagallo: Essential – essentially that is the low point.
Nathan Isbee – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Mike Pappagallo: David talked about trending and we just occupancy is going to continue to trend down through the year.
Nathan Isbee – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay and I guess just a quick follow-up, so what is your guidance assumed by average occupancy through in 2009 and what was in 2008?
Mike Pappagallo: In our modeling, Nate, we just – we assumed a ratable decline from the beginning of the year occupancy down to 90%. We weren’t any more scientific than that, because I think as we had mentioned in the prior conference call, base line assumptions we had assumed normal trending down drifting, but did not assume wholesale bankruptcies of majors or junior boxes which would certainly create significant jump or a decline in any one quarter. Since we didn’t assume that we did the ratable approach.
Operator: Next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O'Neill: Yes, hi, good morning. Just wanted to ask just Milton to get your thoughts on the existing environment where it seems like creditors whether they’re public or government sort of hesitant to push the stressed donors into bankruptcy and owners seemed to know that. So it seems like we have a situation where the bid asset spread just remains wide and the secondary markets don’t recover for a while. You think that impedes the recovery or do you see the space plays a normal things that happens whenever markets crumble like the way they have?
Milton Cooper: I think that historically that has been the case and that is in the past. And part of the issue relating to bankruptcies was the – for a period of time, better possession financing was not available and that has seemed to have opened up (inaudible). I think that probably so. But I think it’s a start.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jeff Donnelly with Wachovia.
Jeff Donnelly – Wachovia: Good morning, guys. Mike, just a follow up on the disposition and non-strategic assets, I think you have put in your supplemental, but – thank you by the way, it shows you have about $1.7 billion book value of those assets. How close was that to I guess well say the market pricing for those assets if they were already at liquidation at that point, just trying to get a view in the market-to-market write down that we should be looking at in future period of time?
Mike Pappagallo: Jeff that’s – that is an effective evaluation process that I was talking about, because market-to-market can be viewed both on a current basis, in other words, exiting them immediately. And in that list of assets, the equity securities line is at the market that’s how the accounting works or as many of the other assets are at book values and it is really trying to make a determination in terms of holding period, can we sell them in the market today evaluating what price, that will drive some of our strategy. And in then in terms of the expense that there are reserves that need to be taken, we will be taking them. But at this point, it’s too premature to quote a number. I would also remind you as we did take over $100 million worth of impairments in the fourth quarter related to assets many of which were in the non-core bucket as they relate it to marketable securities. So more to come on that.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jim Sullivan with Green Street Advisors.
Jim Sullivan – Green Street Advisors: Thank you. There has been a lot of discussion on the call about deleveraging, you reviewed the steps that you have taken, you have talked about the steps that you intend to take. I am curious what your thoughts are with respect to what the right leverage is for your company?
Mike Pappagallo: I think the right leverage is 75% equity and 25% debt.
Jim Sullivan – Green Street Advisors: On a static basis, it sounds like you intend to pursue consolidation opportunities and other investments and your statement sounds very fix as opposed to something that’s fluid and will adjust.
Mike Pappagallo: Well that’s the objective. Obviously Jim, if there is an acquisition, it would be funded principally with our own common shares. And we would hope to be at – now they can be acquisitions that would involve interim debt until we’re able to find sales of a portion of the portfolio, et cetera. But Jim I just feel that a – there – just as the Duchess of Windsor said, that you can’t be too thin and too rich, you can’t have too much equity in an environment as we have. So that would be a goal and that’s where would like to get to.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer & Co.
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer & Co.: You mentioned that the biggest part of your space givebacks was in the junior anchor part. Just wondering when you look at having the amount of demand that’s out there for that type of space, if it’s limited, would you be looking to do more redevelopment opportunities to drive the yield on those properties?
Mike Pappagallo: Sure Mark. It really depends on the location and the specific market issues. But generally speaking, there is no question that the supply of junior anchor space is between 20,000 feet and 40,000 feet is much higher than the demand. So there is really three options. One option is to steal a tenant from the a neighboring center, which we have been doing, partly because we have the strength to be able to offer them a turnkey position. And secondly is to wait, because if you have got a 30,000 foot vacancy and a 0.5 million square foot property, which has happened us for instance in Augusta, Georgia, where we lost a junior anchor, but the nervousness about what that means to the shopping center it doesn’t compel you to do something that you think is not the right long-term property goal. So in some cases, we will wait, because we know the property has good fundamentals and at some point, we are going to have demand for that. And the last thing is what you are suggesting which is some sort of redevelopment and in those cases, we have numerous times taken a power center that’s got maybe four or five junior anchors and when you lose one, in many times, you can slice off the back of the building and create shop space which you had on undersupply and the rents are two to three times what the (inaudible) is paying. And so even if you amortize across the original square footage, you still come out and yield positive. So that has been a program that we have done over the years even in the good markets and that that will continue. I would say there is probably a good six-month period here where we are using all three strategies just to kind of see where things shake out in certain communities. But there are a lot of different things you can do especially given the fact that junior anchor box is typically somewhat new, it doesn’t need a lot of capital in it, the column spacing is fairly normal, so there is a lot of positives about these junior anchors that you just need to have a pretty strong leasing team that’s working on what the right solution is.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Quentin Velleley with Citi.
Michael Bilerman – Citi: Yes, good morning, it’s Michael Bilerman speaking. Mike, can you reconcile a little bit the same store and why you think you said it was down about 50 basis points? And when you take a look your occupancy, whether if you had a consolidated portfolio or the total portfolio without management, with management, somewhere in the realm of 350 basis points to 400 basis point decline year-over-year, the operating margin is down 71.5% to 70%. So I am just trying to piece everything together to really understand what is bringing that same store up relative to with your headline lower number?
Mike Pappagallo: There were a couple of factors that David I know wants to chime in as well. But certainly with respect to occupancy, that kind of rolled storing the quarter and represents a period and number certain of the vacate boxes that we have still have rent guarantees from them, CVS being the prime example on some of the Linen’s boxes. So occupancies are down, but income is still flowing. With respect to margins, they did deteriorate to a certain extent. A lot of that was due to though to the snow removal costs, so those – so that’s what appeared to be slightly down there. But David, I know that you want to –
David Lukes: Yes, the one thing I was going to add is that it’s fairly simple from a big picture and then like I said earlier, 74% of our square footage that vacated this quarter was junior anchor and big box and last quarter was equally as high. So if you look at the trend, the square footage that’s been going out and driving occupancy down is very large spaces. And if you look at the tenants that went out Steve & Barry’s, Value City, Circuit City, generally they had very, very low rents compared to the average on the portfolio. So even though the occupancy is dropping faster, the NOI is not going to catch up unless you get to the point that you start to eat into the shop space is going out, which is primarily why I mentioned that $600,000 of shops vacated this quarter and we released $520,000 square feet of them. So you’re getting some churn in the shops and the rent spread is still positive and that’s what’s giving some buoyancy to the NOI.
Michael Bilerman – Citi: But is there anything maybe on the development or redevelopment or FX that would be altering that number at all and then I really appreciate all the disclosure, especially the guidance metric. So maybe the next step is trying to get a little more NOI, same-store NOI guide of detail. But I am just trying to piece it all together.
Mike Pappagallo: I would not say that there was one – one driver to that. Certainly some of the economics within our Mexico portfolio and our consolidated and joint venture was adversely affected to a certain extent by negative FX. The Mexican peso weakened. But I think if you are looking it at a very high level Michael, and saying the occupancies trended down and margins got tougher. I think the occupancy discussion is what David pointed out about the composition and margins deterioration was more a consequence of more a timing orientation and a significant amount more of snow removal costs, which has does have an effect period-over-period on the margin comparability. But that as you look past all of that and you call out all of the accounting adjustments as we normally do and coupled with that the guarantees that I talked about on a few of the things that have been taken and we’re still earning cash rent. All of those things I think drives the dichotomy between the lower occupancy and yet a more muted deduction in same-store NOI and we hear you with respect to the analysis.
Michael Bilerman – Citi: All right. And then dark space is still renting, I mean is it like a 50 basis point impact on the number just from magnitude wise?
Mike Pappagallo: I couldn’t tell you off the top, I have to take a look at the impact of it.
Michael Bilerman – Citi: And just last, just on Prudential, how much out of the $4.3 billion of assets is sale versus whole. Just so that we can break it out in terms of understanding the leverage of the –
Mike Pappagallo: The carrying value of the sale bucket is about $500 million.
Michael Bilerman – Citi: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wachovia.
Jeff Donnelly – Wachovia: Yes just a follow-up I guess for David. Are you able to breakout your existing vacancy for or maybe just talk about proportion of your spaces overall that are either save 10,000 square feet or 20,000 square feet. I guess how many boxes are we looking at right now that are unoccupied, whether they are leased or not?
David Lukes: I probably cannot do that off the top of my head. We will have to probably have to work on that.
Jeff Donnelly – Wachovia: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the Jim Sullivan with Green Street Advisors.
Jim Sullivan – Green Street Advisors: Yes follow-up to my own question. If the target is ultimately 75% equity, I’m making an assumption that that’s a multi-year kind of process to get there.
Mike Pappagallo: Yes.
Jim Sullivan – Green Street Advisors: In the past, your management team has focused investors on a 10% annual type of FFO growth rate. It would seem like it would be very difficult for the company to accomplish both of those goals could delever to the point where you have 75% equity and still deliver the kind of earnings growth that you’ve outlined in the past. Can you comment on how you do both of those at the same time?
Mike Pappagallo: Jim, I think one other things we are saying is that and we probably won’t be able to do both of that. As we think about the best value enhancement strategy for our shareholders that deleveraging and keeping a high proportion of equity, focusing on the recurring cash flow component of a very secure and stable shopping center portfolio and judicious acquisition and investment is not necessarily going to yield 10% growth, because we are moving away from a lot of the what we’re calling the non-core more opportunistic, more transactional oriented type businesses, which helped to very much drive that 10% growth. So this and – I think what you’ve said is really the economic expression or the financial expression of what our business strategy underlies and that ultimately we will attempt to build a more valuable company even if it means more, more muted growths and more muted levels of FFO growth.
Operator: That does conclude today’s question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Barbara Pooley, for any additional comments.
Barbara Pooley: Hi, everybody. As a reminder, our supplemental is in our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks everyone for participating today.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Barbara Pooley - VP of IR Milton Cooper - Chairman and CEO Dave Henry - President and CIO Mike Pappagallo - CFO David Lukes - EVP Glenn Cohen - Treasurer 
Analysts:  Michael Mueller - JPMorgan David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus David Wigginton - Macquarie Capital Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets Jehan Mahmood - Goldman Sachs Quentin Velleley - Citigroup Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Alex Barron - Agency Trading Group Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities LLC Craig Schmidt - Banc of America Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors 
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Kimco's fourth quarter Earnings Call. Please be aware today's conference is being recorded. As a reminder, all lines are muted to prevent background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker today Barbara Pooley. Please proceed Mrs. Pooley.
Barbara Pooley: Thank you all for joining us on the fourth quarter 2008 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Chairman and CEO, Dave Henry, President and Chief Investment Officer, Mike Pappagallo, Chief Financial Officer and David Lukes, Executive Vice President. Other key executives are also available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a remainder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company's and managements hopes, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future which are forward-looking statements. It's important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe will help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of one question with appropriate follow-up so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue if you have additional questions and if we have time at the end of the call, we will address those questions. I'll now turn the call over to Mike Pappagallo.
Mike Pappagallo: Thank you, Barbara. Good morning. Although the headline results were far from a typical quarter, in many ways things turned out as we had suggested during our prior earnings call. The fourth quarter financial results were marked by relatively stable operating performance, non-cash impairment charges necessary to address a variety of valuation issues, and the absence of transactional profits. FFO per share was $0.46 for the quarter if you exclude the impairment charges. For the most part, these results reflect straightforward operating earnings from the consolidated portfolio and our investment management business, along with recurring earnings from the preferred equity, retailer services and the non-retail component of the portfolio. On the operating side, portfolio metrics were affected to a degree by the bankruptcies of big-box tenants, Linens N Things, Value City and Steve & Barry's. 1.5% of the 1.7% decline in occupancy was attributable to the loss of these three tenants. Yet, we addressed 1.3 million square feet of space through renewal of these signings, and maintained positive same-store NOI growth of 1.3%, and positive leasing spreads of 10 plus percent on new deals. No one is suggesting that things are going to be easy in 2009, but we continue to believe that the defensive nature of the portfolio due to low rents and value oriented tenant base will provide resiliency of cash flow through the economic downturn. David will elaborate on this in a few moments. Let me now cover the impairment charges that we recorded in the fourth quarter. During this quarter, we have established non-cash valuation reserves and related impairment charges of $111.8 million net of tax benefits. These charges can be divided into three areas. The major reserves relate to marketable securities. Over the years the company has invested in a series of financial assets, usually in the equity and securities of real estate companies when we believed there was a prospect of long-term appreciation based on underlying real estate value. In one case, we accumulated a position in Sears from the receipt of stock as settlement of the bankruptcy claim of Kmart. The value of many of the assets in this portfolio has been adversely affected by the substantial declines in the equity markets, which were deemed to be other than temporarily impaired in accounting with generally accepted accounting principles. The aggregate charge for these reserves was $83 million or $0.31 per share. The second category of reserves related to certain operating assets held in joint ventures. The vast majority of the company's shopping center interests, both in the form of direct holdings and interest and joint ventures were not subject to impairment charges. However, valuation reserves aggregating $15.5 million, $0.06 per share, was established against the carrying value of the investment in former Pan Pacific portfolio that is being held for the long-term. In this case, the carrying value of the investment was determined to be less than the expected recovery value, assuming the investment would be disposed of in the current market. The company and its investment partners are pursuing business strategies that will maximize value through these investments, and generally have the ability to retain the assets until markets recover. However, accounting guidelines require an assessment of recovery value assuming a shorter timeframe in direct conflict with the more appropriate and rational long-term strategies adopted by the partners. The final area of reserves were established against the carrying value of assets that are either held for sale, specifically, that portion of the Pan Pacific portfolio that is being targeted for disposition, as well as reserves against development projects from the wind down of the Merchants Building business. These reserves aggregated about $13 million or $0.05 per share. The extent of these non-cash charges was greater than originally contemplated when we provided our earnings guidance this past November. We expected about $0.25 worth of charges. The primary difference resulted from the continued deterioration of the market value of securities throughout the fourth quarter, as well as the change in the interpretation of the accounting guidance over the past month as it related to joint venture investments. We will refrain from trying to estimate valuation reserves in future earnings guidance, and instead, focus on operating and income flows. Let me comment on the guidance now. Recognizing the state of the financial markets, the availability of credit for new investment and the effective reduced consumer spending on our tenants, we believe it's appropriate to limit earnings estimate to the in-place portfolio without regard to new business opportunities, and have established the range of funds from operations of between $1.70 and $1.90 per share. This in-place FFO represents an estimate of earnings from the company's existing investments, primarily related to net operating income from its operating portfolio, development projects and similar recurring flows from its joint venture and other investments. The guidance range does not consider any acquisitions or other new business generation, the effects of new accounting standards related to acquisition-related expenses or the potential for further deterioration and values of equity securities and other financial assets that would [result] in impairment charges. A lot has happened since I gave you my preliminary thoughts on 2009 earnings three months ago. The midpoint of our published guidance is about $0.40 lower than my preliminary thoughts from that time. The most significant differences are due to a more substantial haircut on transactions, which accounts for about [one-third] of the change. Another 25% is driven by lower estimates for capitalized interest and other costs, primarily by the move-out of many development projects or phases of projects into operating status. The balance of the change is due mostly to the combination of changes in foreign exchange, particularly the peso, which has dropped 15% in the last three months and much more conservative portfolio assumptions to reflect what has happened in the retail environment. As was announced this morning, the Board declared the first quarter dividend at the current rate of $0.44 per share. There has been no shortage of debate over the advisability of cutting the dividend and/or the payment of dividends in the form of common stock. We continue to believe that our current dividend is a fundamental component of total return to shareholders. We would consider a change in dividend policy if we feel that either a material sustained reduction in cash flow is anticipated due to adverse economic conditions or the inability to access other forms of capital, primarily secured debt and asset sales to satisfy our funding obligation. These conditions will be evaluated by management and the Board as they consider the dividend level over the succeeding quarters of the year. The access to capital to satisfy our funding obligations remains job one of the Kimco finance team. The company maintains solid liquidity position and is aggressively seeking capital from a variety of sources to address debt maturities and existing investment requirements. At December 31, unused capacity from the company's corporate credit facility aggregated $1 billion. To enhance this liquidity position, the company is pursuing the following strategies. For our consolidated balance sheet, which has $452 million coming due, non-recourse US dollar secured debt of approximately $300 million against 15 of the company's 390 unencumbered properties is currently being sold. Targeted loan-to-value approximates 50% to 60% with an average loan size of $20 million. Term sheets from high quality lenders have been received on five of the properties so far with about $115 million in proceeds. We are pursuing an unsecured term loan facility for up to $200 million and have received a commitment from a financial institution to leave the syndicate and 15 additional banks are evaluating the program and we hope to secure the financing in the first quarter. We're also actively pursuing extensions of certain of the outstanding construction loans on the balance sheet to further add to the flexibility of our capital [raising]. Additionally, Mexican peso denominated financing ranging from an equivalent $50 million to $75 million as being sought. We were successful in closing a $38 million loan in the fourth quarter and peso debt is available. In addition to these debt actions, selected single tenant net lease assets with limited growth profile are currently in the marketplace with expected proceeds ranging from $75 million to $100 million. With respect to joint venture programs, the aggregate maturities for 2009 are $756 million. The largest maturity is $165 million related to the term facility underlying a group of properties being marketed for sale by the joint venture with various of Prudential Real Estate investments sponsored funds. To the extent that the sales of properties do not extinguish [the debt] Kimco and the Prudential funds are obligated to pay the outstanding balance. The Prudential funds have ample sources of liquidity and remain prepared to fund their proportionate share, 85% of the debt maturities in both 2009 and 2010. For the balance of the maturities, consisting of loans on 36 properties, we already have every property in the debt market, regardless of the month of maturity and like the consolidated secured loans, we're also pursuing extensions for existing loans to provide additional flexibility. We don't pretend to think that obtaining new mortgages or extending loans is going to be easy, but there is money in the marketplace. Despite the harsh view of retail right now, lenders are still allocating capital to relatively small loans on properties with long-term leases from a good tenant roster and with the average maturing loan in the joint ventures at about $15 million. There is good receptivity from insurance companies and regional banks. Finally, not withstanding the current challenges that all REITs are facing, including Kimco, we are not losing sight of the business and what we must do to establish enterprise value for our shareholders. Kimco prides itself on finding opportunities to grow the business through its expertise in retail real estate and its broad relationships with retailers, institutions and other real estate operators. In light of the events in the economy, real estate and credit markets and recognition that opportunities in the real estate's base maybe captured and financed in a dramatically different way, the company has refined a strategic business model to operate using the following criteria. Substantially all investments will be directed to the neighborhood and community shopping centers segment. Investment capital will be sourced, both on the balance sheet and through joint ventures with institutional partners. The footprint will primarily be focused in North America and the nature of the investments will be direct ownership of real estate, either held solely by Kimco or through joint venture, as opposed to debt or structured finance type deals. The company's non-retail portfolio will continue to be actively supported and continue to be managed to maximize value as market conditions allow. However, new opportunities outside the retail real estate sector will not be pursued. With that, I will turn it over to Dave Henry.
Dave Henry: Thanks, Mike. As usual and despite many moving parts, Mike provided a comprehensive and detailed overview of our financial results and well articulated high level picture of our 2009 objectives and business strategy. I would like to add a little color in general perspective. Collectively, all of us on the management team are very disappointed that several of our investment programs and new business initiatives, which have helped to provide strong FFO growth for many years, have now resulted in impairment charges and investment losses. A rapidly deteriorating economy and a collapsing real estate transaction market have both caused losses in our real estate securities portfolio, several development projects and our most recent large joint venture acquisition, the Pan Pacific portfolio. Fortunately, the heart of our business, our very large portfolio of equity interest in 906 existing neighborhood and community shopping centers, located broadly across the US, Canada and Mexico remain approximately 94% leased on a combined basis with more than 13,000 individual leases and more than 7,000 individual tenants.  Despite the headlines of retailer woes, many categories of our retail tenants continue to do well. Grocery stores, in general, thanks to growing sales of private label and prepared foods are performing strongly, and many are looking for expansion opportunities. In addition, discounters such as Wal-Mart, TJX, Ross and Dollar Stores are faring well together with other retail groups such as fast food restaurants and theaters. David will talk specifically about the leasing challenges we face in today's economy, but it is important to note that leasing activity, both, renewals and new leases remains active, and that Kimco as a retail REIT landlord is in the retail real estate business, and is not a retailer itself. As such, we have many protections built into our future projected cash flow. First, we have contractual leases with substantial remaining terms with many financially strong companies. Some of these firms such as our largest tenant Home Depot are suffering declining sales due to the soft housing market, but they remain very well capitalized and are unlikely to default under their lease obligations. Second, we have numerous older leases with average rents significantly below today's markets and substantially below the reduced rents projected due to the weak economy. As a 50 year old company, we have the benefit of many very old leases which have upside no matter what draconian market rents are assumed. Third, we are concentrated in neighborhood and community shopping centers which largely sell food and/or other fundamental goods and services. Grocery stores, branch banks, fast food restaurants, barber shops, dry cleaners, drugstores, pizza parlors, nail salons etc cetera are all ingrained in our communities, and will generally survive this economic downturn as they have survived others. Fourth, we are wonderfully geographically diversified across North America. While Southern California fights through a severe housing crisis, our shopping centers in Canada remain more than 97% leased. Canada largely avoided the housing boom-bust of the US. Interestingly, our properties in the Midwest are historically demographically challenged, but with lower rents are holding up better on a relative basis compared to Florida, a high growth state with strong long-term demographics. There is strength to our property and market diversity. Granularity is a terrific word, which I believe helps our shareholders and investors visualize the 13,000 leasing bricks embedded in the real estate foundation of our company. This foundation will provide sustained cash flows, not withstanding a weak economy and a very rough commercial real estate market. As Mike mentioned, we are changing our business strategy to reflect the realities of today's market. Our strength, our expertise and our history all lie in retail real estate and that will be our focus as we evaluate future new business opportunities and ways to take advantage of the current marketplace. We will avoid investing in real estate securities, debt instruments and non-retail properties. We will continue to use institutional joint venture capital to invest opportunistically, enhance our returns and grow our portfolio. Over time, we believe there will be attractive portfolio acquisitions and merger opportunities given the weak capital markets and probable consolidation among smaller public and private companies. Now I'd like to turn to David Lukes to give us more detail on our portfolio operations and performance.
David Lukes: Thank you, Dave. To provide some insights into our operating results for the quarter, I'd like to give you some thoughts about what we're seeing, what we have, and what we're doing about it. For starters the tenant move outs during the last quarter were high from a historical standpoint. As Mike mentioned, however, the vast majority of the space was the result of three chain bankruptcies, which was about 70% of our pro rata share of the decline and those were Linens 'n Things, Value City's and Steve & Barry's. Outside of chain liquidations, the square footage vacated during the quarter was actually lower than the average for the past four years. The pace of shop closings which escalated throughout last summer slowed in every region in the fourth quarter, with the exception of Southern California and only two tenants in excess of 10,000 square feet vacated by choice in the entire country. Comforting as this maybe, we are preparing for a continued difficult time for our tenants and are forecasting continued weakness and uncertainty. What we do know is that the ability of a tenant to prosper is partly due to their cost of occupying their real estate. I'd like to emphasize it is a very important Kimco advantage where we do believe we have some built-in security. Of our top 15 tenants they report sales of about half of their leases, which gives us a good view into their security. When we compare these top 15 tenants with the national average for the respective retail category, we show a 3.6% higher than average sales volume and yet a 40% lower than average occupancy cost. When difficulties in chain fundamentals arise below market leases and low occupancy cost provide a nice cushion that we believe will make our units more often keepers than closers. Occupancy cost, as you can imagine is a major factor when considering a rent adjustment or a deferral for a tenant seeking help as sales decline in this environment. We have a detailed concession request package that we've developed that's required for all such requests and are using basically occupancy costs, financial help and sales history to separate the tenants that truly need help from those that are merely following the saying you don't get it if you don't ask. To date the number of requests we have granted are minimal compared to the number of requests that we've gotten, primarily because of this cushion in occupancy costs that I mentioned earlier. On the new leasing front, the fourth quarter was a period of change. While demand started the quarter at a reasonable level, the dismal sales forecast of the holiday shopping season had a direct impact on the growth appetite for new space and we witnessed a decline in demand as we neared the end of the year. With this weakening demand on the national front, we're continuing our priority of focusing on tenant renewals. A longstanding tenant is the most stable part of our portfolio. They have a proven sales history, low operating risk and a collection of existing customers. We've continued to see strong results in renewals executing 250 renewals in the fourth quarter and an 8% rent increase. We are very proactive and aggressive on our renewal program and we're starting our tenant conversations much earlier than in prior years and reminding existing small shop tenants of the low risks of a renewal. No additional capital needs no downtime, no startup cost and no risk that your patrons won't follow you to another location. Other pockets of demand are somewhat offsetting the national weakness in new store openings. Grocery for one is still a category as Dave mentioned that's driving traffic to our centers and some regional chains are making use of the vacant opportunities, such as in Downers Grove, Illinois where we executed a new 43,000 square foot grocery lease in a former Dominick's to a strong regional operator. The stability of daily customers to the grocery oriented sites is also keeping the service and daily necessities categories in business. Interestingly, we've also been seeing a higher demand over the past few months in those sites with an above average ethnic population. In those sites where the Hispanic population, for example is more than 50% of the trade area we're noting that the average occupancy of the portfolio is still well over 95% leased. Also in areas where Asian population is more than 20% of the trade area, the occupancy is also standing in the 95% range. We know from experience in markets such as South Florida, the California Coast and Seattle, that some of this demand is due to local preferences for goods and services that cater to specific ethnic or immigrant groups. In order to support this leasing effort, we've maintained several leasing agents in our company that are bilingual and in certain markets have retained our own exclusive brokers who are fluent in Spanish, Mandarin, Cantonese and Korean. We're continuing to implement alternative ways to source new tenants for our sites and have been increasingly active in the ancillary income and temporary leasing programs. Some temporary tenants have grown their businesses and are ready to sign long-term leases. Other ones are moving from a kiosk to an [inline] space. Both of these programs are very small by portfolio standards, but represent a desire and a diligence on our part to pursue all avenues for increased production during a period where demand for space is grouped into very small niches and needs active pursuit. Throughout the year you can expect Kimco to be very open-eyed about the state of the markets, but proactive to produce. With that I'll turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Thank you, David. 2008 was a year of dramatic change. The consumers decided to reduce spending and the financial conditions of the banks reduced their lending. The consumers started to do something that had not done for some time and that is save. Gone are the days of spend without end and shop till you drop. Now, no one can be sure how long this malaise will last. Consumers understandably tighten their belt when they review the market value of their stock holdings, their 401(k) and their equity in their home. There are some statistics that claim that 25% of homeowners have either no equity or negative equity in their home. Now the consumer is cutting down on non-discretionary purchases. The department store executive has reported and chatted with some of his customers and asked where they were shopping and they replied we're shopping in our closets. The consumer is also trading down and visiting discount stores, warehouse clubs and off-price retailers rather than department stores and department stores continue to lose share of market. Fortunately the large percentage of our shopping centers are tenanted by warehouse clubs, discount stores, food retailers and drug stores and these are among the few categories that have shown year-to-year sales growth. Now Kimco has positioned itself to weather this storm. We have a strong balance sheet and relatively low debt. The company is back to basics and focusing exclusively on North American shopping centers. Our shopping centers have a very large land component and overtime that land will [mushroom] in value for our shareholders. Now despite the current slowdown and the tough times, America should increase its population by three million people a year. That's 30 million people at the end of 10 years and that 30 million in growth is greater than the entire population of Canada or the entire population of Australia. Now real estate and our portfolio shopping centers are in excellent long-term inflation hedge. In the days of trillion dollar deficits, high quality real estate will turn out to be a long-term, wise investment. In closing, real estate has always been cyclical and I've been through a number of both business and real estate cycles, and we have always been able to take advantage of these periodic downturns seizing opportunities as part of our [DNA]. With a fabulous best-in-class team who are skilled, savvy and sensible and with this freeze in [pull up] they're going to help us thrive in good times and bad. And now we'll be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Jehan Mahmood from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mike Pappagallo: We are not hearing the question. 
Operator: Caller disconnected. We'll move on to Michael Mueller with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Great. Can you hear me?
Mike Pappagallo: Yes, we can, Mike.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Okay. Great. Two questions. One, first on the strategic plan, the shift to just focusing on North American real estate, can you talk about the impact of the preferred equity business, retailer services, mortgage investments, you have income that is obviously in the guidance of this year. Can you talk about how that burns off, number one, and maybe keep the dividend coverage as a backdrop to that and then what it could also mean for G&A?
Mike Pappagallo: Well, embedded in your question are about 15 different questions 
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Pretty efficient.
David Lukes:  Yes. So, I think Barbara is glaring at you from away, but at a very high level strategically, as we've all mentioned, we've decided to pull back to our core strengths, which is retail and so you will be seeing us from a new business perspective. Invest equity in retail real estate. Now, it may be preferred equity. It may be joint venture equity. It may be consolidated equity, but it's in retail real estate and that's going to be our primary focus. As Milton and others pointed out, it will be primarily North America. That's where our platform is. That's where our new business focus will be. We continue to have existing non-retail investment in our portfolio that provides substantial cash flow. As always, that has been more of a trading platform and portfolio for us. So you will see us trade out of these investments over time as appropriate and we will probably not replace those investments as we stick to retail real estate. Now, Mike, maybe you can respond to some of that more general question about the financial impacts.
Mike Pappagallo:  But as it relates to preferred equity and retailer services and the like, I think you can use the same lens that Dave made from a strategic perspective in that to the extent that the position in those businesses are primarily retail related and retailer services. The baseline of that business is retail. We'll continue to hold them and if they're not, as you know, there's a portion of our preferred equity portfolio that's not retail oriented. To Dave's point, we will continue to exit at the appropriate time at the maximum value. We are in no compulsion to do so and we need to be smart about it. As it relates to things like overheads, we are continuing to look and rationalize the organization. You saw that in our press release that we did have some impact for a moderate reduction in force with the 5% of the Kimco census and we will continue to evaluate the effects of that as we move out of these other businesses, but the bulk of our people and the bulk of our infrastructure is still supporting the shopping center business, be it for our own account or for our institutional partners. Hopefully that covers your questions, Mike.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Yes, I think so. And did you guys mention what the same-store guidance and the occupancy outlook was for '09 embedded in your guidance?
Mike Pappagallo: We did not, but the way we're looking at it right now built into our projections that our same-store NOI will be flat to minus 2%. Occupancies will be in the 92% range and rent spreads will probably be in the mid-single digits. In fact, somewhat lower due to junior anchor vacates and of course, we have factored in higher credit loss estimates and the like to deal with the economy. So, we think we've been prudent in our assessment in our underwriting for thinking about 2009 as it relates to the portfolio.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Great. Thank you.
Mike Pappagallo: Okay.
Operator: The next question comes from [Brian Chow] with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Just a quick question. Just to going back to the marketable securities, I see a big impairment there. Can you talk about the mix of those securities that's remaining, what's left in that $258 million?
Mike Pappagallo: Okay, the bulk of the remaining assets in that portfolio in addition to the written down securities that we mentioned is the Valad property, convertible loan which we originated early last year. That is the lion's share of the total, on the current basis, about $159 million dollars. I don't have the exact number, but somewhere in that vicinity. That's the loan portion of it. There's another component which is the convertible which is treated in a different part of the balance sheet and then the rest of it again are a series of smaller investments again primarily real estate [observation] that make up the bulk of the portfolio as well as some debt securities as well, but there aren't any significant investments at least to the scope that you saw this past quarter and what we had to write down.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. In preferred equity capital, can you talk about what the process looks like there for impairments? I guess I didn't see anything taken out of that?
Mike Pappagallo: Yes, we didn't need to take any impairment in the preferred equity. Essentially, it is treated in a similar manner as any other joint venture, but the benefit and the differences, you need to look through the waterfall and determine whether your investment is impaired under a variety of scenarios of recoverability. I think this is where the preferred structure has benefited us because we're first to the table even if you do sensitivities on current market value versus historical. So we continue to evaluate that as with every other asset in the portfolio, but we feel we're well protected in the preferred equity portfolio as a whole.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to David Fick with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. I was wondering if Milton or Mike might want to comment in a little bit more depth on the trend to dividend in stock and where you project your taxable income for this year as well as for where you were last year and how it's impacted by one time items, but more importantly, just generally, how you view this trend for the industry and how it might impact you?
Milton Cooper: Well, I'll start on comparing dividends and cash to dividends and stock. I will give you my own view. If a stock dividend is really raising equity and I believe, if a company wants to raise equity, they should raise equity rather than impose it on their shareholders and those shareholders can decide whether they want to participate in the equity offering or not. So that's my broad view on stock dividends. And Mike...?
Mike Pappagallo: Yes, David. I would suggest that as you look at our preliminary guidance for FFO and earnings. If you scale that to what is our estimate of taxable income, it's probably and take a rough cut about the $1.10 range. So clearly from a minimum tax compliance perspective, we have room and as we'll continue to evaluate the dividend in any avenue we take, we feel we'll be in good shape from a tax perspective and therefore, the stock component is not necessarily going to be a driver in any decision.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move on to David Wigginton with Macquarie Capital.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Capital:  Good morning. Just had a question, how are the assets or I should say the operating performance of assets in Mexico and South America faring at this point? 
Milton Cooper: In general, and remembering that almost all of our assets are in Mexico, I'll address Mexico first. Mexico did not have the housing boom-bust that triggered most of the problems that we currently have in the US. So until recently, Mexico has been holding up very, very well and there is a reason that Wal-Mart and Home Depot and Best Buy and others continue their expansion activities in Mexico. The growing middle class, the shortage of first class retail and Mexico has continued to perform on a relative basis very well. We are seeing the beginnings of a slowdown in leasing in Mexico, not to the extent that we've seen it in the US by any stretch, but we have to tell you that there is some softening in Mexico and it is tied to the US. I remember Jack Welch telling us it's the 51st state and in some ways it really is. The trade ties and so forth are very strong. Remittances as everybody knows are way down going back to Mexico, so that is going to show up in retail sales at some point. But on a relative basis Mexico is holding up, retail is still growing and as we pointed out before, 400 shopping centers in Mexico compared to 50,000 in the United States leaves a lot of room for continued growth. In terms of South America, just a quick response. We have a limited portfolio there, but countries like Chile, Peru and Brazil where our investments are, are actually doing quite well right now, but we have very few there. We do not plan to expand that to any significant degree.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Capital: Okay. So are the decline in the development deals in Mexico just a reflection of the softening environment there or is it more a reflection of the (inaudible).
Dave Henry: Remember the development yields that we have underway now, the development yields are lower than when we first started in Mexico because we have competition and the retailers have gotten a little more leverage overtime. What we expect to happen is with leasing softening a little bit a lease-up periods, and perhaps the eventual NOI will be a little softer than we originally projected. But on the good side, we have a fair number of properties that are going to come on stream in '09. These were development assets that were non-income producing in '08 that will be coming on stream. As an example, we have a very large Wal-Mart that opened up last week in Guadalajara, and the rent on that individual store alone is close to $900,000 a year. So we have some good news in terms of income coming in Mexico. The bad news as Mike referred to is the peso exchange rate is down substantially.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Capital: So just to be clear, then the decline from yields from the third quarter supplemental to the fourth quarter is purely a product of increased competition.
Dave Henry: Yes.
David Wigginton - Macquarie Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll proceed to Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. I'm curious where you are finding on the debt side the most success in, A, getting new loans, and also, B, in maybe a loosening of loan officer thoughts or the lending relationship thoughts is any getting better there? I guess basically what are your thoughts on the debt side of thing?
Dave Henry: Well, we have the benefit of starting over a new year in terms of some traditional sources of mortgage financing such as life insurance companies. They have new allocations and they are moving aggressively to take advantage of a market where they can get much higher rates, much safer loans, much higher quality real estate, and much better sponsorship. They're all seeking that. So the mortgage world has opened up a bit in '09. We have a number of loans in the process of being closed. We were actually quite successful last year at closing loans, I think 35 or so? We continue to expect to be successful in terms of closing mortgage loans in the first half of this year. Companies like Northwestern Mutual, New York Life, Guardian Life and others have been active with us and are a great source of business for us.
Milton Cooper:  I would just add, Rich, the average loan is about $25 million, which is a sweet spot. There are more lenders for $25 million loans than they are for $50 million loans.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, all right. Good. Thank you, guys. I'm curious just as a follow-up. Are the banks getting any easier, I mean not the insurance companies so much; I mean are the banks getting any easier to work with anything positive there?
Dave Henry: The middle size banks and some regional banks are still active. And we continue to be pleasantly surprised that some of the smaller banks that will provide mortgage financing for us, especially for shopping centers in their local markets, the big commercial banks in general, have been very limited activity.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jehan Mahmood with Goldman Sachs.
Jehan Mahmood - Goldman Sachs: Hi. I apologize as my question has been responded to earlier, actually I got cut off in the queue, but we just heard from another landlord that they're seeing fairly attractive opportunities on the distress side. Pretty recently we've heard of yields on costs as high as 25%. Also just curious as to what you've seen on this front lately and at what point you consider the deployment of capital on that front attractive enough for you to step in and deploy capital.
Dave Henry: Are you talking about distressed debt or you talking about –
Jehan Mahmood - Goldman Sachs: Distressed investment. Just distressed real estate investments.
Dave Henry: Well, we have not seen 25% cap rates. That's for sure. In terms of the property market, cap rates are generally moving up and cap rates, I would say, are somewhere in the 8% to 9% range today depending on the quality of the property. But transaction activity is way down. There is just not a lot of trade. In terms of distressed debt on shopping centers, that is not something we would look at today.
Jehan Mahmood - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks. I guess it was just yields on costs versus returns on investment, but thank you.
Operator:  The next question comes from Michael Bilerman with Citigroup.
Quentin Velleley - Citigroup: Good morning. It's Quentin Velleley here with Michael. I've just got a question in relation to your, I guess your 2009 guidance, but also beyond. Just can you explain what your different expectations are for your grocery-anchored assets versus your big-box anchored assets?
Milton Cooper: Well, Quen, we haven't broken it down from a numbers perspective to that level of detail, but as a general matter with David and Dave were both talking about it that there is a substantial component of food or food-oriented retailers in our portfolio, both that we own in whole and in part. We expect relative stability in performance of those retailers. As I've mentioned before, we looked at an overall basis and we do expect some continued deterioration in occupancy but not significant. We expect flat net operating income growth because of the interplay between those anchors and some of the small stores. So, unfortunately, I can't give you a quantitative perspective of those two, but qualitative perhaps the other gentlemen could.
David Lukes: Fundamentally, our lease terms with grocery stores and the power center anchor stores are long-term. So the issue of change in income would really depend, whether a bankruptcy or a failure. I don't see that happening with the food tenants. They have a real best business. Their margins are good because as the customer is trading down their margins are higher and store brands and prepared foods, supermarkets are doing well. So far as the major tenants, the power tenants, those that have had their problems, probably have had them already. So many others seem to have relatively low debt. While they may have a tough time, I don't know how many bankruptcies there will be. Bankruptcy is no longer is an attractive an option because of the difficulty of getting good financing and how short of period they can remain in bankruptcy.
Mike Pappagallo:  Also I think it's worth noting, embedded in our numbers are detailed budgets on each and every single one of our properties and we use the very best information, the very latest information we have from our leasing people and others. We put the assumption into those numbers. So, we don't want to make it sound like we're not looking carefully at each and every property.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: This is Michael speaking. I wanted to come back to the dividend and Milton, I appreciate your comment in terms of paying in stock versus paying in cash. But I guess, as you think about your current 170 to 190 guidance and take off all the non-cash income, CapEx, at the current dividend level, you are effectively over funding it. You're drawing down debt, while not a huge number, drawing down debt to pay that cash out to shareholders. Mike, I think you mentioned taxable of a dollar, so clearly a lot of room to reduce the current down. I'm just thinking how you're thinking overall about the level of the dividend in this environment?
Milton Cooper: Okay. Well, a couple of points to consider, Mike. The first, the FFO guidance is preliminary as you know and has that limited impact on transaction of nearly no new business activity. More importantly, when we think about the dividend level versus FFO or other similar type measures, we're looking beyond the short point in time. For many years, our dividend was substantially less than our FFO. We didn't automatically increase dividends to match single year earnings levels and we figure we're not going to apply the logic the other way either. So what we are going to do is monitor the portfolio of cash flow very closely as I stated earlier. If we believe that a more sustained reduction in that cash flow is developing due to the economy, or if the ability to execute the capital raising is adversely affected by the market to the point where we would have absorbed too much of our line capacity, then we'll change the dividend policy. But you know, Mike that the values we've always placed on providing the shareholders to cash return, because they bargain for that when investing in Kimco. So, we're not going to take lightly any action to reduce the amount or the character unless we exhausted every other means and really looking beyond, just a short-term view of FFO versus dividend.
Mike Pappagallo: To add in from Milton and my perspective and others, from day one, from the first time that this company went public we have regarded paying the dividends as a very top priority and even in these tough times we look at cutting the dividend as one of the last places, we want to look for to raise capital. That said, we are looking carefully each quarter and we will make a determination each quarter based on our best guess as to the numbers and the success of our other capital raising initiatives.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Just on the guidance, Mike, you have the page where you sort of layout all the pieces. What may be helpful at some point, I don't know if you can provide this in a subsequent disclosure or maybe you can discuss it at the end of the call. Where these number were in '08 and then tie it out relative to the income statement because it's very hard to take the income statement and put it into these buckets. Just try to give a flavor of where those declines are coming from '08 to '09 and how it lines up with the income?
Mike Pappagallo:  Sure. Of course, Michael, you can work with Barbara in terms of getting that analysis, particularly in terms of how things relate to last year. You did mention about the income statement and you always know my story on the income statement. God bless you, if you can figure out that income statement in accordance with the accounting rules, but nevertheless we will help to provide you with that guidance.
Milton Cooper:  Then Michael, our projections for paying the dividends do not include using the line or increasing the line for that purpose. There is no increase in the line in those projections.
Mike Pappagallo: I'd make one other point, too, that as we go forward consistent with the comments that Dave and I made about changing the business model, we're going to try as best we can to simplify where the numbers are coming from, which pockets, whether the core and joint ventures and so on. So how the exact symmetry to where we were, might be a little tough and our hope is that if we can provide a more sensible and visible analysis for you to see where the recurring flows, where my transactions come from, at the end of the day notwithstanding the comparisons to prior years, it will help you folks to think better about where we're getting it and the relative value of the company.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Thanks a lot.
Mike Pappagallo: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next we'll go to Alex Barron with Agency Trading Group.
Alex Barron - Agency Trading Group:  Good morning. I wanted to ask you guys when you talk about your occupancy rates how are you defining that? Is that like a financial based metric or is that physical and at what point after a tenant moves out, does it start to affect the occupancy rate?
Milton Cooper: We compute our occupancy based on a leased occupancy because the differences between leased occupancy and physical occupancy are not significant, but you also have to keep in mind, though, is that we don't include in occupancy any retail positions, which are not tenants of Kimco. So, one might actually see a shopping center which there's adjacent parcels which are not owned by Kimco that may be vacant, but they are not part of the Kimco occupancy because Kimco doesn't own them, but we do things on a leased occupancy basis.
Alex Barron - Agency Trading Group: Does it only include properties that have occupancy above a certain rate that are –?
Milton Cooper: No, no, the entire occupancy of the company, the occupied square feet divided by the owned square feet of the company, but my emphasis is on owned. Thank you. Can we go on to the next question?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer.
Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer:  Good morning, guys. Mike, I was wondering if you could provide a little more color. I've been hearing from some life insurers about the allocations that they're going to be putting out this year. Some of it's going to be redirected to just doing re-financings and I'm wondering what you're hearing from some of your partners in your joint ventures on how they plan to contribute their share and what types of financing they're using as well as whether you think there will be enough supply out there to address the maturities that are coming out?
Mike Pappagallo:  Okay. First part of the question I'll let Glenn Cohen, our Treasurer and who is really responsible for all the financing work that we do to give you a perspective on what life companies and [the like] are saying about allocation. Glenn?
Glenn Cohen: We've met with over half a dozen in the last few weeks and some of the larger insurance companies, they have between $1.5 billion and $2 billion that they're still looking to put out. Now, they have said that a portion of that is going to go towards renewals or extensions, but there's clearly money that's out there. I think Mike had pointed out we've already signed five term sheets in the last two weeks on deals that we're going towards and the size of our properties are really the sweet spot for what these guys are after. We're looking to do 50% to 60% loans at reasonable level of cap rates and under more stringent underwriting, but the loan size is for the most part between $15 and $30 million. So, we're not looking to put on $80 million, $100 million loans where you need many participants. These really fit their sweets spot and they are like grocery anchored everyday necessity-type shopping centers. So our product type really fits what these guys are really after today.
Mike Pappagallo: Okay. So to that point, then, as we look at it they are looking to give us new money in addition to what they need to do in terms of re-financings or extensions, so for them it's a mixed balance. As we deal with our joint venture partners, we're on the same page and most of our joint venture partners are looking from a perspective of let's get the assets and the mortgages refinanced at the current level would be fine. No one is really looking to try and pull money out, not withstanding the fact that many of our joint venture programs have those loan-to-value and [trying to get] in the 40% to 50% range. So the strategy is just get through the refinancing. Don't look for excess proceeds. Go to the insurance companies that do have the allocation as well as the regional banks that Dave had mentioned. We are getting some pretty good traction there and that's why at this point in February with all of our 2009 commitments in the marketplace and getting back term sheets on some commitments, we think we're in a reasonably good position. But I always say that caveat and who knows where the market's going to go.
David Lukes: It's also worth mentioning that long-standing relationships are becoming more and more important to these life insurance companies. As they have their choice of new loan, it's much easier for them to underwrite a company like ours that they've been doing business with for a long period of time than try to underwrite a brand new customer.
Mike Pappagallo: We'll have to go on to the next question because we want to make sure we get everyone in.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll move on to [David Cowen with Zena Capital Management].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys. I'm assuming that as you sharpen your focus on the core North American retail real estate portfolio, that there is a fairly large pile of assets that will not fit into that core profile and obviously the market right now is not really all that favorable for monetizing those assets. I want to make sure first of all that there is nothing in your numbers, in your cash flow numbers, this year assuming any monetization of those assets. And more conceptually I'm trying to understand whether you would plan on holding those existing assets or whether overtime you would like to actively monetize them. Thanks.
Mike Pappagallo: In terms of the numbers, the core business assumes no monetization of existing assets with the exception of a selected group of assets in the Pan Pacific portfolio that we and the Prudential sponsored funds have previously agreed to market and sell depending on market conditions, but that doesn't affect our earnings guidance. It’s just telling the strategy of what we're going to sell or not sell. So that's from a numbers perspective is the answer.
Dave Henry:  In terms of the non-retail holdings we have, for instance, in Kimco Select and preferred equity, these were always anticipated to be shorter-term holds and trading a place for us. So at the right times, you will see us monetize these investments, but gains or the capital flowing back is not embedded in our base numbers.
Mike Pappagallo: And you think –
Unidentified Analyst: With the [share] market conditions that it would be reasonable for us to assume that we won't see any real capital flows from those portfolios from your marketable equity portfolio for the next 12 months?
Mike Pappagallo: Well, nobody knows exactly what's going to happen, but we're trying to tell you embedded in our base case are no, for instance, large participating kickers from our preferred equity portfolio or selling big stakes in our non-retail portfolio. That is not embedded in our numbers.
Unidentified Analyst: I think I’ll just have to refer to the guidance in the press release.
Mike Pappagallo: All right. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: We'll go to Jeff Donnelly with Wachovia.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities LLC: Good morning or good afternoon, guys. Can you remind us how currency movements are accounted for on your foreign investments? I know it's not a short topic, but in the case of Mexico, for example, despite the sharp deterioration in the peso since Q3, the actual revenue and NOI contribution that you report in your supplemental, continues to rise. I was curious how does that inevitably sort out in your financials?
David Lukes: We'll focus on Mexico. On balance sheet assets and liabilities and negative or positive translation adjustments do not hit earnings. They go into the other comprehensive income account, so that goes to the plus or minus. But the earnings statement, themselves are translated on average exchange rates for the period. So if the average exchange rate deteriorates year-over-year, you're going to have a negative effect from currency. So it may be netted against the growth that you see would be higher if we didn't have the currency effect.
Mike Pappagallo: In terms of budgeting for '09, we have assumed a much weaker peso.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful and I guess, Mike, concerning your assumptions for 2009, I think you mentioned the same-store NOI would be down. I think you said down flat to 2%, but if you're looking for 92% occupancy or roughly around there that should almost get you there alone. So does that mean you're more optimistic on the rent side, because I guess I would have expected a wider range to the down side?
Mike Pappagallo: Well, the number I put out there is an average for the balance of the year, and we are looking at positives or anticipating positive although moderate rent spreads. So, I think the combination of occupancy that will trend downward for most of the year, but not materially, coupled same-store growth and moderate rent spreads are really the three factors that get us to the numbers that we are at. Does that answer your question?
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: It does. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from David Fick.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Actually, I have Nathan Isbee with me. I'm sorry. I don't know what happened. Thank you.
Mike Pappagallo:  Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go to Craig Schmidt with Banc of America.
Craig Schmidt - Banc of America: Thank you. I just wondered how successful you'd been in finding fill-ins for some of the big boxes that moved out in '08, I guess Linens 'n Things, Value City and Steve & Barry's.
Milton Cooper:  The Steve & Barry's that we had, [David], were only two. Those we have not had much productivity on, they tend to be larger and they're certainly in tertiary markets. Linens have majority of them. We just got back on December 31st. So in the past six weeks we've been actively marketing. We do have a number of properties that have Letters of Intent being exchanged. That group of assets kind of falls, half between very, very good quality locations and the other half in reasonable locations and nothing that's overly frightening. But, the activity right now for junior anchor boxes looking to expand space is really only a couple of users. So, we'll see in the next quarter how much of them gets swallowed up and how much of them, we'll have to continue to work on for another couple of quarters.
David Lukes: We have also won about 10 or 12 of the Linens 'n Things. We have a guarantee from CBS on those. We're working with them to work on the rent payments and working out a settlement with them over time.
Mike Pappagallo:  The half dozen or so we have in Canada. There is actually a very good activity and there is pending leases on most of them.
Craig Schmidt - Banc of America: At the Value City?
Mike Pappagallo: No. The Linens 'n Things, sorry.
Craig Schmidt - Banc of America: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from Jim Sullivan with Green Street Advisors.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Thanks. My question relates to the write-down that you took on the approved joint venture. I'm curious how the valuation process worked there. Was it an appraisal process? Was it your estimate of value? I'm also curious about some of the key valuation parameters, the cap rate, the NOI expectations that led to the final result on valuation?
Mike Pappagallo:  With respect to the assets in the portfolio, it was a combination of things. It was involved in the sale bucket, if you want to call it that. It was pretty much as close to current market value [and are] handicapping of selling that within the year. If its related to the longer term hold, the so-called hold bucket, where we took an impairment charge, that was based on a discounted cash flow analysis, your traditional 10-year discounted cash flow with discount rates in the mid-8s in term of the discounting, and cap rates, kind of approaching somewhere I think close to the 8% range. But again, you're dealing with long-term holds as opposed to immediate sale and some of those assumptions refer to things like poor pattern studies and alike for kind of midpoint ranges for discounts and discount rates over the long-term.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: And was that done by you or third-party appraisers?
Mike Pappagallo: That was done by us and audited by our accounting firm, who they in turn use their valuation consultants and experts. So it wasn't simply an accounting exercise. They employed valuation expertise to determine the reasonableness of the pro forma.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Then a follow-up. There was some commentary before on the Valad convertible bond. Last quarter the management said that there wouldn't be a write-down. Your previous comments suggested that there was a write-down there. Can you just clarify that?
Mike Pappagallo: No. Let me clarify that, Jim. The question was of the remaining marketable securities on the balance sheet, what was it comprised of? I just made the point that the largest remaining item was, in fact, the Valad convertible bond. We did not say that there was a write-down there.
Barbara Pooley: The current write-down was the Valad equity securities that we had.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: So you're still carrying the Valad convertible bond at cost?
Mike Pappagallo: It is a combination. It's both the bond component and then the convert component, which you need to separate for GAAP purposes. Under GAAP, we wrote down the convert piece, but the bond piece was at, in fact, its relatively historical value and it will be accreted up back to the phase over the course of the life of the bond.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay.
Mike Pappagallo: I'm sorry.
Operator: That's all the time we have for questions today. I'd like to turn the call back over to Barbara Pooley.
Barbara Pooley:  Thanks. As a reminder, our supplemental is in our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks everybody for participating today.
Operator: Once again that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for joining us and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Barbara Pooley - Vice President of Finance and Investor Relation Mike Pappagallo - Chief Financial Officer Dave Henry - Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer David Lukes - Executive Vice President Milton Cooper - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mike Flynn - Vice Chairman and President 
Analysts: Christy McElroy - Bank of America Paul Morgan - SBR investment Michael Dillerman - Citi Elan C - Credit Suisse William Acheson - Benchmark Mark Biffert - Oppenheimer and Company Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Jay Haberman - Goldman Sachs Jeff Spector - UBS Nathan Isbee - Stifel Nicolaus Rj Milligan - Raymond James Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Please standby we are about to begin. Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Kimco’s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware that today’s conference is being recorded. As a reminder, all lines are muted to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker today, Barbara Pooley. Please go ahead Ms. Pooley.
Barbara Pooley – Vice President of Finance and Investor Relation: Thank you, Michel. Thank you all for joining the third quarter 2008 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Chairman and CEO; Dave Henry, Chief Investment Officer; Mike Flynn, Vice Chairman and President; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Financial Officer; and David Lukes, Executive Vice President. Other key executives are also available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management’s hope, intentions, beliefs, expectations, or projections of the future, which are forward-looking statements. It’s important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s SEC filing. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. And finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect a limit of one question with one appropriate follow-up so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue if you have additional questions. I’ll now turn the call over to Mike Pappagallo.
Mike Pappagallo – Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Barbara and good morning. A word might we considered one of most dramatic and painful three months in the history of the financial results, as ‘01 could be the basic and tackling of our new business. Once again our action maintain liquidity and a strong balance sheet and aggressively managing our shopping center asset. I would like to comment on three items. The recent quarter results, liquidity and funding flexibility, and the reduced 2008 earnings guidance. FFO per share for the quarter $0.68 inline with consensus estimate and representing a 90% increase from the prior years third quarter. The significant increase in quarterly results is primarily driven by certain transactions in our Kimco capital services unit, nonetheless operating performance of our shopping center operation held out quite well in light of the economic environment. Occupancy was 95.4% which is only a 30 basis point decline from the prior quarter. Same store NOI was 2.6%, rents spread on leasing activity was solid with over 17% uplift on new leases for the quarter and almost 9% on renewal. These results were accomplished despite a difficult retail climate and lower consumer spending. In a few moments David Lukes will provide some insight into our shopping center portfolio strategy and activity. Similar to prior quarter the market dislocation has limited new business activity with a investment in Mexico shopping center development and internal spending. The notable transaction in the quarter was the profit earned from our investment and averaging, we sold 49 stores to public as well as disclosing of a number of centers. The result to Kimco was a after tax gain on the transaction of approximately $28.1 million. The incremental affect of the average contribution from last year was about $0.8 per share to the overall $0.11 per share increase in the quarterly results. With respect to liquidity our primary action in the third quarter was to raise $410 million and 11.5 million share issuance of common equity. Luckily proceeding the Lehman bankruptcy, the problems at AIG and various other events. We ended the capital to reduce balances on our credit facility. At September 30 we had a 100 million of cash in a total of 1.3 available capacity from the combination of our US and Canadian dollar facility, and the bank who have underlined the commitment is a strong line. We recognized however that the credit and transaction markets are still gauzy and there is no assurance that will recover anytime soon. With that in mind we look that the total debt maturities on the balance sheet which totaled $479 million in 2009 and $349 million in 2010 which in total is actually less than the availability under the existing credit facility. I highlight this data point to illustrate the balance sheet flexibility we have not to imply that we are going to fund everything from the credit facility. We certainly expect the capital markets to refinance our maturing mortgages and construction loan and to satisfy our funding requirements for existing development projects. We have solid relationship with many of the stronger financial institutions and our high coverage ratios and a substantial number of high quality pre and clear property will enable us to access financing at conservative loan which continues to be available, but I bring this point out simply to alleviate any concerns over balance sheet liquidity. Now let me turn your attention to maturity debt and investment management programs and other joint ventures. Now let’s stand in the fact that these financing are usually individual non-recourse mortgages. The 2009 maturities after accounting for available expansion option is about 800 million, and 2010 maturities of about 1.1 billion. These are the absolute amount not Kimco share which is less than 25% of the total. All the aggregate maturities over the two years, the largest outstanding balance is a $615 million two year term loan facility against the portfolio of 30 pacific assets being marketed for sales. Where loan will be repaid as the properties are sold, but more importantly the loan is proportion of the back staff by the large prudential fund that own the portfolio with us. The balance of the maturities credit loss about 60 individual properties, and average debt loss of about $21 million per property. To evaluate the ability these property we stress that the asset by haircutting in place and inline of client conservative GAAP rates. And as result we find that the LTV to replace the existing debt levels over the next year averages about 55%. The point is that the inherent of these assets, the relatively low financing requirements per property, and reasonable loan to values will help faciliate refinancing. Taken a recent example, over the past four months in a very difficult financing environment we were able to address a $190 million of debt coming to on properties in our Kimco income REIT program. We refinanced nine of the properties with aggregate proceeds of $228 million and interest rates ranging from 6 and 6.5% fully repayment maturing debt and generating excess proceed. We also obtained another $85 million worth of new debt for maturing mortgages another joint ventures and in one case expended a maturing loans of three year. In sum we believe our debt maturity on a consolidated balance sheet and in the joint venture program for 2009 and 10 are manageable and we will be successful in refinancing these obligation. Finally, let me cover the fourth quarter numbers. The 2008 guidance range previously offered most of the year has been reduced by a range of $0.25 to $0.50 resulting in a new estimate of between $2.20 to $2.45 per share. Yes, these are dramatically lower numbers than previous guidance levels and there are two drivers. First, we have reduced our expected fourth quarter transactional income to virtually zero reflecting the dramatic deterioration and credit availability for buyers of our development projects and access from our Kimco capital services unit. We have been upfront on the dollar levels of transaction gains embedded in our earnings guidance throughout the year as disclosed in prior earnings releases and caution that the payment of the full amounts would dependant in part on outside forces. The deals were there and assets all are were under contract at certainty of closures due to the lack of credit availability for buyers have become the issue. One approach could have been for Kimco that provide a financing to complete the transaction book the gain. But we are going to be reckless with our available liquidity just to meet clearly earnings expectations. We sometimes provide such financing but only in very safe and some doses. Although, it’s frustrating that the continued disarray in the market affects one part of our business, it’s the fact and we deal with it. The absence of transaction income represents that of $0.25 on the reduction in the guidance range. The second component of the reduction relate to the range of possible accounting reserve associated of our portfolio of marketable securities and similar investment. The market meltdown that took place during the last 45 days has resulted in a significant increase in the level of unrealized losses in the securities portfolio. While we have the ability to hold these securities for a long term there is a great uncertainty at the stock market to make a meaningful recovery in a reasonable period of time. And as a result reserves may have to be established under the accounting rules to address the underwater position. Therefore, the prudent and transparent to the potential impact on earnings, the guidance range was adjusted further to take the possibility into account. As you might expect I am bias towards the low end of this new guidance estimate. Notwithstanding the actions of transaction income and the potential of non-cash valuation reserves our ability to fund our dividend from operating cash flow that impact and you know it’s our dividend at risk to be reduced or suspended. We recognized the importance of the dividend particularly to our retial shareholders. While there seems to be a growing sentiment that company should look to their dividend as a source of capital for other requirements. We feel strongly that we have more than enough balance sheet capacity and liquidity to handle those other needs and recurring cash flows from operations and learn it’s efficient to cover the dividend. I am referring any specific 2009 earnings guidance at this point. We’re settling on a rate to see if and when the credit market we established itself to better assess the post holiday impact on retail sales and tenant, and to gain more clarity on the scope of investment opportunities that maybe available in the near term. However, from broad prospectus its reasonable to assume that should there continue to be an absence of meaningful transaction activity, 2009 FFO levels will roughly line up with the low end of the new 2008 guidance range. All that said, I would like to make one final comment with respect to transactional profit that flow from our business unit. There is no question that we have capitalized on the wide happening real estate markets and robust financing environment from 2004 to early 2007, and I have continue to enjoy the benefits of the opportunistic purchases through the first nine months of this year such as this quarter contribution from average. Transactional income aggregated almost $675 million over the past five years. That wasn’t a bad thing. The opportunities were there, we took advantage of them, and as a result our per share FFO growth exceeded the industry average and importantly generated excess cash to reinvest in our portfolio investment management program and international expansion. As many of these transactions were in the CRS, it allowed us to build over a $150 million in retained in that time period. However, we recognized times are different, and with the capital and trading markets what they are priority and investment approach must adopt as well. With that, I will turn it over to Dave Henry to discuss this strategy.
Dave Henry – Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer: Thanks Mike. As referenced by Mike the real estate markets have changed and continue to change dramatically. Mortgage financing, acquisition and disposition activity and development projects have all been curtailed to an unprecedented degree. As a result and from our new business perspective we have responded by adopting a more focused strategy across our operating businesses. Given the need to carefully allocate new business capital in a difficult environment, we plan to concentrate on retial properties which will align us with our core strength and expertise neighborhood and community shopping centers. In KDI our merchant building business, we have started to become apparent in 2007 that very few development projects in the US could achieve our historical double digit target return on cost. Land and construction cost increased substantially while at the same time retailer were beginning to reduce expansion plans and negotiate lower ramps. As a consequence, only two KDI development projects were approved and closed in 2007 and only one KDI project has been approved and closed in 2008. Given the limited development activity expected for the foreseeable future we decided in early September to significantly reduce our KDI business unit by emerging it with our existing portfolio redevelopment staff. While we continue to aggressively pursued redevelopment projects within our existing portfolio, and while there maybe opportunities that help institutional client with trouble development projects, we do not anticipate much building to be a material part of our new business activity. In our preferred equity business we are beginning to see an increasing number of attractive opportunities as the capital markets pullback. Traditional mezzanine financing competitors had largely disappeared although our new distressed debt funds are emerging. On our side, recognizing that the hard of our business remains neighborhood in community shopping center, we planned a largely limit our new business activity to retail investment where we can obtain high preferred return together with a large equity participation. It is important to remember that our preferred equity business has always been focused on equity participation in existing properties which will be provide recurring long term income. Our preferred equity portfolio today of $460 million is widely diversified among 237 properties with an average preferred equity coupon in excess of 8%, plus an equity interest in both excess cash flow and residual value. We believe our preferred equity business continues to have substantial unrealized gains embedded in its portfolio. In retailer services our business focused on working directly with retailers on sale lease packs, bankruptcy financing, property dispositions and other opportunities. We think the current economic environment will provide selective opportunities to make profitable investments. We have longstanding relationships with many retailers which may lead the opportunities to help them dispose of excess real estate and recycle capital back into their core retailing business. On the international front, we remain committed to our substantial equity investment in both Canada and Mexico. We have been invested in both of these countries for many years and our properties are performing well. In Canada we now have equity investments and a 152 properties and our occupancy in our retail properties in Canada is currently 98%. Long term Canada remains very attractive given its strong economy, fiscal and straight surpluses, growing population, vast natural resources and a conservative banking system which is limited speculative real estate development activity. In Mexico, despite recent currency turmoil the country continues to have an active and growing housing market with a limited number of modern retial profits. Off scaling back expansion plans in the US retailers such as Wal-Mart, Cosco, Home Depot, BestBuy, Loews and HEB are increasing their growth plans in Mexico. Our retial anchor sales are holding up very well with sales up 10 to 15% on average through September. BestBuy as an example recently opened their first store in Mexico, and hope so open up to 80 more over the next three years. Kimco has an excellent base of local offering partners, tenant relationship and experience personnel which will allow us to continue to create value for our shareholders by growing our retial portfolio in Mexico. Our investment management business which is exclusively oriented to retail properties continues to be an important focus for our company. At the largest owner of neighborhood and community shopping centers in the US, we are uniquely positioned to acquire property manage and operate large portfolios of shopping centers for institutional investors of all types. We are proud to be listed as one of the largest fund managers in the US with 21 institutional clients and partners. Many of the institutional clients are determined to limit acquisition activity until the credit market stabilized. And as a result we do not anticipate significant acquisition activity of core retail properties in the near term. Some large investors however do have substantial funds available for large opportunistic purchases if cap rates continues to increase, and we will explore opportunities with these investors as they arrives. Overall, it is an uncertain and disquieting time for all of us in the real estate business. With capital constraint in many ways we believe it is prudent to plan as if the real estate markets will continue to deteriorate. Accordingly, although we have made substantial profits in transaction activities outside of the retail effective, it makes sense to stick close to the west and today and concentrate on retail opportunities where we have the best underwriting and operating capabilities. Notwithstanding attractive short term debt and securities investment opportunities we plan to focus on long term equity investment in retial properties which will provide growing and recurring income overtime to our shareholders. If, as many experts predict, inflation comes back strongly after years of profound deficit spending, quality retail real estate will remain a wonderful inflation hedge and excellent long term investment. Now I would like to turn to David Lukes for an overview of our US shopping portfolio.
David Lukes – Executive Vice President: Thank you, Dave. There has been a long conversation lightly about the sale of the retial environment. The consumer is at a center stage, and in Kimco we feel like busy set designers. How we choreograph in this environment is a question to handle, I would like to give you some insight to our vision and how we plan to get there. In a nutshell we are focused on two things locations and lineup, our locations are in the soft market, but in general we are continuing to see that the consumers staying close to their home and their work, and that convenience is king. It is a positive fact for us that was over 90% of our GLA is located in interbeltway communities and almost half contain a grocery component. No small advantage, considering that over 40% of employment in the country's top cities is within five miles of CBD. We are seeing the direct benefit of having a portfolio in a mature market. Location, though, is only half the puzzle. So let’s consider tenant mix. We are continuing to see higher tenant churn over the last year. As we look into the details behind this rate case, it’s clear that those driven services that were supporting a growing housing market have hit a rough patch on the road. Flooring companies, design centers, mortgage offices, furniture retailers and housewares are clearly reducing in number. On the other hand new lease production is at an all-time high for the company, an encouraging fact considering that rents spread were a healthy 17%. Grocery, personal service, apparel and convenience categories continue to be active and taking space and are strong in most parts of the country, particularly in Texas, Puerto Rico, California and the Northeast. With all of leasing activity and all of this work on the treadmill, the question is how do we stay focused on strategy? And the answer in part is to remember that unless other asset classes such as multi-family or office, the tenants at our centers play a very important role in the long term success of our properties. We are in a period of transition. The tenant mix is shifting with the economy and consumers’ preferences on where and how they spend their dollars. Nothing is more important to us than carefully managing our asset so that a combination of stock and anchors make our centers more desirable site in the trade area. Our goal is to ensure that we remain dominant in the local market where we can achieve the highest rent growth and stable occupancy over the longhaul. So it’s more important than quarter by quarter occupancy, more important than taking the highest rent payer, and more important than providing incentives to weak retailers simply to stay in our centers. Because of this we do expect occupancy to be under pressure while our properties shift tenancies but more importantly we expect these changes to yield opportunity. Consider the following facts. Most of our properties are situated in older suburbs. Our center is generally immature and contain significant below market rent. Approximately 75% of our rent is parking. And lastly when large tenants vacate, they also release control of common areas. All of these give us the ability to reposition our properties and create value in changing markets. With this in mind, as Dave has mentioned, it’s not surprising that we have chosen to bring experienced staff from our ground-up development team into our core operating divisions and we continue to shape, refine, and position our properties with higher density and improved tenant mix and higher overall sales volumes, right card for us as managers. After all, if you were a tenant in today’s market, there is great appeal in a proven property, with low cost of entry, and certainty that competition is unlikely to challenge you due to high barriers of entry. Our properties are always changing and our enthusiasm to create value will make use of this changing market. With that, I will turn it over to Milton.
Milton Cooper – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you Dave. I am very well aware that our revised guidance may disappoint many of our constituents and I believe it’s important to deal with reality of the environment and to be concerned. I think it’s also important to point out that the revised guidance does not offset cash. While there were no sales development properties to record profits, the value that was created by development is still there to be husbanded when markets return to a more normal time. The marketable securities is similarly not a cash item and we believe the value will return over time. At this point in time, shopping centers are being hit with a double whammy. We have had the sharpest drop in consumer confidence since records of consumer confidence we first recorded in 1937. And this is in couples with a severe restricted credit market. For the first time in many years, we are hearing the D word, deflation. We will not be exempt from the consequences of this environment. But on a relative basis, we have five very positive defensive attributes in our portfolio. One, we have a substantial portion of our portfolio occupied by tenants with good credits under long term leases. The value of this income stream with unlike characteristics should increase in the deflationary environment. Two, our supermarket, drug stores and warehouse clubs, all sell items essential for the consumers such as food and pharmacy items. Three, in times such as these, the consumer trades down and shops at discount stores and off-priced retailers, both categories are among our largest tenants. Four, Kimco has been in business for close to 50 years, and leases ended more than 25 years ago have rentals that are lower, and rents -- and leases, say, 10 years ago. Low rates, rental rates are not only defensive, but are the basis for future cash-flow growth. Five, in times of stress, there will be a need by institutional owners, except for a manager with great skill in creating value, a manager expert at controlling costs, a manager with capital with skin on the gain, a manager with integrity. In a word, Kimco. By history, shows in times of difficulty, we have found opportunities to create value. We've been through many cycles in our company's history. You all know that creating value and maintaining our dividend our in our DNA. With that, we would be delighted to answer any questions.
Barbara Pooley – Vice President of Finance and Investor Relation: Thanks Michelle we can take questions now, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first question from Christy McElroy with Bank of America.
Christy McElroy: Hey guys this is Rob Salisbury with Christy. Just had a question on the guidance. I was hoping you could walk us through some of the assumptions that are kind of underline the new 2008 guidance. I guess specifically we were trying to figure out what your expectation was for occupancy and promote some operations and common all those other moving pats kind of in the fourth quarter?
Dave Henry: Well as indicated earlier, that we are expecting, from a transactional standpoint virtually nothing. So as it relates to promotes, development sales, Albertson's income, etcetera, you could just put a zero in your budget models. As to occupancy, again, it's very difficult for us to predict what a specific occupancy level would be; but as David had mentioned in his prepared remarks, you know, that we expect to see ongoing pressure on occupancies, but I don't think its going to be a material reduction. I mean, I think the true test will really be after the holidays in the first quarter to see where things shake out.
Christy McElroy: So is it fair to say that you're probably a little bit more from an occupancy perspective, you're a little bit more conservative on 1Q than 4Q? Is that fair?
Dave Henry: That's fair. I think that's part of the natural cycle that occurs in the retail environment.
Christy McElroy: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Paul Morgan with SBR investment.
Paul Morgan: Hey good morning. You know, Milton, as I call you want down, down the investment management routes when cap rates fell below 9, and a half for shopping centers and you felt you couldn't creatively vie for your core. I'm interested in your thoughts going back that far about where you think we'll get back to that nine cap and how that changes your view about acquiring for the core versus the JV route?
Dave Henry: Well, fundamentally, if cap rates increase to a point where they're in excess of our cost of capital, we'll vie for our own account. That's what we did in the earlier years of our public history in '91 etcetera, '92 etcetera. What will happen, I'm not sure. Certainly what we'll do is look, analyze where the cap rates are, and if they are not adequate for course to capital, will put the properties into a joint venture. Again, we'll have to see what markets are and how strong the interest of the joint venture markets are.
Paul Morgan: You know, related to that, on the loan to value, 35% that you mentioned, you said that's based on stress tested NOI and Cap rates. Do you have any kind of color on what kind of levels of cap rates or in what NOI reduction you used to get to that 35%?
Dave Henry: Yes. What we did, Paul, is we essentially took the in place NOI and cut it by 10% and then used an 8 or higher Cap rate on the asset to stress test that LTB. And the other point to recognize is that in looking at many of the assets in question, or the maturing that many of these loans are older loans that we in place when we had acquired the assets, whether it was the Pan Pacific portfolio or other joint venture assets. So you certainly had the benefit of amortization over the years. So the hurdle, the dollar hurdle and refinancing is not significant relative to the dollar amount of the asset even when you use more conservative underwriting assumption. That’s why we feel comfortable that we will be able to get through this credit crisis and find adequate mortgage financing to refinance those obligations.
Paul Morgan: Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Dillerman with Citi.
Michael Dillerman: Hi, (inaudible) here I am with Michael. With respect to the guidance running into the fourth quarter, I mean if we look at it, you had $0.68 in the third quarter, how much transactional earnings were in there?
Mike Pappagallo:  A little bit of difficulty in hearing you. But in terms of the transactional amounts in the third quarter I think is what you are asking for?
Michael Dillerman: Correct.
Mike Pappagallo: It was probably about, let's take a rough cut and say about 70 cents for this third quarter versus about 40 cents for the prior year's quarter.
Michael Dillerman: Okay. So there is none in the fourth quarter. So to get to the new implied guidance for the fourth quarter, what are you assuming? What's the assumptions for the mark down on your security?
Mike Pappagallo: And looking at that separately from a cash charge perspective….
Michael Dillerman: Yeah.
Mike Pappagallo: ….or non-cash charge perspective I mean it literally goes from 0 to 25 cents a share, As you'll recall, my prepared comments, I had indicated that the total range now is 25 to 50 cents lower than the $2.70 consensus number and the low end of our previous range and about half of that is due to the actual absence of transaction. So another way of say we had planned it out 25 cents were the transactions in the fourth quarter. The balance -- that’s the variable in terms of where the mark to market will be on those security and it could be in our view up to 25 cents. That’s why we have provided the wider range.
Michael Dillerman: Okay. And just in terms of markdown, I mean, I just wanted to ask about your investment the $200 million investment in Valad and given that their share price has gone from think, over $1.30 when you invested round about, can you just give us an upside in terms of what’s you are seeing there?
Mike Pappagallo: Yeah I would like to take a minute and go back over to the history of Valad, because I personally am feeling a little dumb about that one. But I would like to go back a year. The equity market cap of Valad had decreased after they purchased a very large money manager in Europe called Scarborrow. The equity market cap had decreased from almost $4 billion to about $2 billion at the time we negotiated our convertible bond investment. And at the time it looked an opportunistic and safe way to invest in Australia, which had at the time a strong economy, resource rich and lots of reasons to invest long-term in the country. The company itself had a strong money management business and a solid portfolio of Australian real estate. So we felt good about the safety of our bond investment and the fact that it had a convertible feature to it gave us upside, if the stock were covered to its former levels. So there was a way for the company to make a quite bit of money, if Valad returned to its former levels. Now fast forward to today. Valad like most Australian reach have been tremendously damaged in terms of their stock price. Starting with the publicity surrounding Centro, rising Cap rates, the falling Australian dollar, and in Valad's case a clear market perception they had overpaid for the money management business and problems in some of the their preferred equity development deal, all had combined to clearly reduce their stock price. Now in addition to our $200 million convertible bond, we purchased equities straight stock equity of about $45 million as the stock was declining and a large portion of the securities write down that we may take in the fourth quarter is attributable to the stock investment we have in the last and not particularly the bond. The bond we still feel is very secured after taking a harder look, we together like most analyst in the community feel that the NAV or the liquidation value of the asset within the lot are substantially above $0.8 to $0.10 per stock is this trading as. So, at this point in time we feel that the bond itself is at risk. We are not sure about the stock of our investment.
Michael Dillerman:  Are you – like it doesn’t like you are going to take a lot to bond at this time?
David Luke:  No, not at this point we have done a thorough analysis and we feel good about the realization of the bond that its base value.
Michael Dillerman: Thank for lot.
Operator:  And we'll take our next question from Jay Haberman with Goldman Sachs.
Jay Haberman: Hi. Good morning. You know, Dave you mentioned some comment on Mexico, I am just wondering if you can provide some updates on the leasing of the current development pipeline. And then also specifically on the capital market there you know, in terms of caprate as well as the lending environment?
Dave Henry: I will take quick step and we also have Mike Nelson who heads up our entire Latin American division here who is prepared to jump in as well. But from a high level, on the property side activity is still strong although it has stop a bit and Mexico will not be a immune from a severe rescission in the United State as people have pointed out, remittances are down. So there is some softening on consumer spending, but as many of our retailer pointed out, especially some of the food retailers they are actually seeing increasing sales that our Mexican stay in the border shops of all centers and don’t go across to now higher price store in the US. So some activity has benefited from the back of pay so has declined in value against the dollar. In addition, some of our tenants like HEV or CUS residential drive across the border and shop at their shopping plazas in Mexico. So, for now, its holding up pretty good, Mike will tell you little bit about sale. In terms of the capital market it remains an active place or invested a lot of money has been raised to invest in Mexico. Some of our competitor has brought shopping center as well as an 8 cap which represents quite a reduction in cap rates. But I think overtime those cap rates will probably increase unless the US economy turns around in some substantial fashion. We still feel strongly that the long term debt on Mexico retail makes a lot sense because there are such a shorts supply colony retail product down, there is a growing middle class, there is growing demand for housing there, and our tenants like Home Depot and others are increasing their investment and portfolio in Mexico and then may be Mike you would like give a little t more detail.
Mike Nelson:  Serving Dave. Now our experience on the ground reveals that both our occupancy and our leasing effort that are development properties remains very strong. In addition, as Dave mentioned in his remarks the sale that we have reported back on our anchor spaces through out portfolio are still coming in at 10 to 15% year-on-year increases. We are cautious and expect some degree of slow down in the market, but we are not seeing yet Mexico is forecast to continue growing this year, although growth were slow and then rebound in 2010.
Jay Haberman: And just a followup, can you comment on the update or in terms of the Latin America fund you were talking about before the $500 million fund in the takeout vehicle?
Dave Henry: Yes. We are still very optimistic notwithstanding most investors are very nervous today. They have remain strong interest in Latin America. We have a -- what I would call speed investors that Scott Onufrey who is sitting to the right I mean, I just finished finally negotiating the final terms. So we now have a negotiated final document that we can try to build around this seed investor and try to fill out the $500 million. We expected it will probably take another two to three months to get that done, but we are still optimistic about it, as an example Brazil, which will be a large piece of the fund given the size of the country, remains a strong area of interest for not only investors but for tenants. Wal-Mart has told us that’s their #1 international target. We have an agreement to try to help them develop some of their smaller format in Brazil. So there is still notwithstanding the turmoil of the Brazilian stock market and the currency and so forth, there is still great long terms prospects for the country. 10th largest economy in the world. It’s got natural resources. It as well has a growing middle class. I think the numbers are – they are something like 27 cities, over 200,000 people without a single shopping center. So that’s the reason we feel good about it.
Jay Haberman: And just back to Milton on cost of capital. How much do you think your cost of capital has increased? And therefore, how much do you think cap rates needs to adjust, I guess, from current levels? And then ultimately, where do your joint venture partners, where are they looking to cap rates move to come back into the market again?
Milton Cooper: I think it’s 100 basis points, just a rough cash. And I am really not sure where the expectations, the joint venture partners are as of today.
Dave Henry: Yeah, well, I want to just add, nobody wants to let their cost catch up falling knife. As long as cap rates keep rising, there is a great deal of nervousness. Nobody can pick a bottom and they rather invest on the way up than invest on the way down. And given changes in their securities’ portfolios and other things that are happening there, there is just a huge degree of caution on the fact that pension funds and insurance companies and others about investing today in a substantial way.
Milton Cooper: As we proceed if we could ask you folks to just limit to one question because we have substantial number of people in the queue and we’d really like to get everyone’s question answered. So if we can proceed with the next caller.
Operator: We will take our next question from Elan C with Credit Suisse.
Elan C: Hi, thank you. What have recent LTVs are you getting in your most recent mortgage refinancings and were there any excess cash proceeds from the refinancing?
Mike Pappagallo: Well, as indicated earlier, we generally add a 55 to 60% loan-to-value range on the new financing and the most material of those the Kimco Income REIT refinancing, we are able to extract about $30 million of excess proceeds from those refinancings.
Operator: And we will take our next question from William Acheson with Benchmark.
William Acheson: Okay, thank you very much. This one is for Dr. Cooper. In hindsight, it’s not really clear that residential builds – built to a false sense of credit reduced demand and it’s not going to a structural in addition to a cyclical correction? And in the sense that retail follows the rooftops and KDI being folded into Kimco proper notwithstanding, to what extent does retail need to go to a structural correction as well? Whether it will be the continuing rise in cap rates or perhaps in the leasing spreads?
Milton Cooper: Well, in retail, the action of housing has dramatically curtailed new development. You’ve heard Dave’s remarks, we really had one slow development in ’08 that was this and there is nothing new we are thinking about for ’09. That’s curtailing it. Insofar, is the retail as a concern, their destiny will depend on a consumer and the consumer is in pain and lacks confidence. Well, I think retailers will have pretty tough 2009 unless there is a normal resume in our economy and the housing market comes back when the supply is exhausted. That’s just the way I see it, Bill.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer and Company.
Mark Biffert: Good morning. I’m curious as to what your view is in terms of development and more important redevelopment. You had mentioned that this is the time in the US that you would look to reposition some of your properties as retailers move out. I am wondering what kind of targeting you’d expect to get on both redevelopment and development in the US given that your cost of capital is rising?
Mike Pappagallo: Mark, the retail in US historically for us have been low teens, which is so far above cap rates a year ago that cap rates can rise pretty high and we still are going to see a creative return on re-bucking our own properties. I think what you have to remember is difference about redevelopment and development ground-up is that a lot of development is driven by the need for square footage and specifically return on cost hurdle. The need for redevelopment or the opportunity is driven by whether you have a record site because either you like the redevelopment site if you got a 100% occupancy and tenant long term leases you really have nothing to do. And that’s why it’s a good time for us to focus our energy even more so on redevelopment not because it’s a new agenda for us that we have been talking about for years, but because of some of the newer anchor bankruptcies and new house provide liquidity and the liquidity gives us the opportunity. And so therefore, as long as we are still 200, 300 basis points above cap rates, we are happy investing in that capital. Primarily the happiness to that investment is because you don’t have a long period of no cash flow. Most of the time redevelopments are very short nature, they are less 12 months and the downtime is less. So when you move tenants that would go in that will be pretty short because you go in for entitlement and you come out with a plan and each one still have the existing site, the existing site still in configuration. So it’s not as big of a worry about investing capital on a 13% and not knowing where cap rates will go in 24 months because the period is much shorter.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jeff Donnelly with Wachovia Securities.
Jeff Donnelly: Good morning guys. Just a question, I guess a follow-up on Westmont InTown portfolio. I saw you adjusted the cap rate you are using determine the book value of the asset, but you are still employing about a 79 NOI estimate which hasn’t changed from Q1. And the way there has been no deterioration there or are you just – are you conservative originally earlier in the year? And I guess the follow-up, can you share with us the details of the capital structure of that JV specifically equities but and the leverage is in place?
Dave Henry: The performance of InTown has remained relatively consistent, so we have been pleased with the performance of the underlying rental flow. We changed the cap rate on that particular schedule. We are attempting to be more conservative in providing financial information and valuation assessment to you folks. There is no magic about that number. But we recognize that there is impression in the environment and the credit market, so it was prudent for us to change the cap rate from the standpoint of the valuation estimates that we put in there on the upside potential. I mean it really was really as simple as that. With respect to the capital structure, we are about 75% of the equity in that joint venture. I don’t have the loan to value handy but it’s about probably in the mid 70% range.
Michael Pappagallo: And to the other part of your question, Jeff, so far it is held up very well. Occupancy and rents have held up, maybe because it’s the low end of the extended market and it’s residential alternative for very inexpensive housing, same way Wal-Mart is doing well now, InTown Suites is doing okay.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Mueller with JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller: Hi. My question about your comment on ’09 guidance, the rough estimate. It doesn’t have any transactional income in it. And then to that point as well you are talking about the range of $0.25 to $0.50 being down, I think you said you were more comfortable with the low end. Was that the low end of the revised guidance or into that?
Dave Henry: Yeah. What I am trying to get at, Mike, is recognizing we don’t have the specifics and sort of the ground-up financial analysis to give you a clear 2009 guidance framework. What I was trying to get at is we are taking a look at that low end of the new guidance range, of this year’s guided range of 220. When I look at the next year and you say there is a continuation of the environment where we are not going yet really any transaction volume or significant amount of new business activity and roughly our adjustments just as where do you think you are going to be and that’s why that low end range, that 220 is probably going to be reason going on a steady state activity with somewhat of new activity but certainly not substantial, not a substantial level of transactional activity of what you have seen over the past three-and-a-half, four years. So I was just trying to put almost a line on the sand to kind of say what the future might look like if transaction volume continues to be very myriad and how that would play out in terms of a broad scope of earnings.
Michael Mueller: Okay. So you think it’s a reasonable statement to say that the level of transactional income is there is some in there but relative to what you are going to book in 2008 is significantly lower.
Dave Henry: I would say it’s dramatically lower.
Michael Mueller: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jeff Spector with UBS.
Jeff Spector: Good morning. I had a similar question on the ’09 comments. Mike, can you then say that I guess the core shopping center portfolio, does that make up most of that steady state you are talking about?
Mike Pappagallo: Yeah, what I would say, Jeff is that when you think about the recurring slopes from our business, the substantial component of which is our neighborhood and community shopping centers. That really represents the lion share of what that steady state low end number is.
Jeff Spector: Okay. And then just one follow-up on detail. The reserves you said you are taking against some assets, are those assets current in terms of income?
Mike Pappagallo: Yes. To the extent that those securities to pay dividend and certain of our securities do not, but to the extent they do, they are all current. This is currently a market valuation question.
Jeff Spector: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Nathan Isbee with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Fick: Hi. It’s Dave Fick with Nath. Can you take about – I guess this is for David, how much of the current deferred equity business was written over the last few years and how do you look at LTV as well as rollovers in that business in terms of getting taken out?
Dave Henry: Well, the nice thing about the deferred equity business is a lot of the existing business was originated beginning in 2001, 2002, 2003. So I don’t have the exact numbers for you, but I’d say a minority of our 460 portfolio has been originated over the last two-and-a-half, three years. And as I try to say in the talk, it’s very granular, very diversified, small that there is substantial first loss equity BHIENLTD on the deal and they originated generally at much higher cap rates and there is room for those cap rates to rise. And as we go through these deals, one by one by one, it looks like there is still quite a bit of equity upside. So that’s one area of a concern at least today.
David Fick: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rj Milligan with Raymond James.
Rj Milligan: Good afternoon. Good morning guys. I had a couple of questions just in terms of the portfolio where you guys are going to take some unrealized losses next year, can you give a view from 30,000 feet exactly what’s in that portfolio?
Mike Pappagallo: Well, there are a variety of stock positions in different public companies, one which you are familiar with because we have talked about in different quarters this years Holdings. The largest position that Dave Henry had mentioned earlier is our equity, our common stock equity investment in a lot and we are thinking about potential range of reserves that’s remaining to be established in this fourth – upcoming fourth quarter really with a lot securities is really the majority of the potential reserve adjustment. So there are a whole series of stock items but that’s really the key driver.
Rj Milligan: And there isn’t a large focus on any other particular securities?
Mike Pappagallo: Not particularly, not to extent of the lot adjustment.
Rj Milligan: Okay, I appreciate it. Thank you guys.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Richard Moore: Hi, good morning guys. Maybe this is for Mr. Lukes. Is there any optimism out there among the retailers and is there any optimism, who might be the retailers that I think are opening stores in the near term?
David Lukes:
, :
Richard Moore: Okay great. Thanks Dave.
Operator: We have no more questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks everybody. As a remainder, our supplemental is in our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks everybody for participating today.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Pooley – VP, Finance and IR Mike Pappagallo – EVP and CFO Dave Henry – Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer Milton Cooper – Chairman and CEO David Lukes – EVP Mike Melson – General Manager and Managing Director, Latin America Jerry Friedman – President, Development, Kimco Developers, Inc. 
Analysts: Paul Morgan – FBR Christine McElroy – Banc of America Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan Steve Sakwa – Merrill Lynch Jeff Donnelly – Wachovia Securities Lou Taylor – Deutsche Bank Michael Bilerman – Citi J. Habermann – Goldman Sachs Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Kimco’s second quarter earnings conference call. Please be aware that today’s conference is being recorded. As a reminder, all lines will be muted to prevent background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce your speaker today, Barbara Pooley. Please proceed, Ms. Pooley.
Barbara Pooley:  Thank you, Dana. Thank you all for joining the second quarter 2008 Kimco earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Chairman and CEO; Dave Henry, Chief Investment Officer; Mike Flynn, Vice Chairman and President; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Financial Officer; and David Lukes, Executive Vice President. Other key executives are also available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management’s hope, intentions, beliefs, expectations, or projections of the future, which are forward-looking statements. It’s important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s SEC filing. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. And finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect a limit of one question with one appropriate follow-up so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue if you have additional questions.  I’ll now turn the call over to Mike Pappagallo.
Mike Pappagallo:  Thanks, Barbara, and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. And for the next hour you have the opportunity if you so choose to not watch your monitor and get seasick watching stock prices swinging wildly, or to be told how billions of dollars in write-offs showed good thing because there are a few billion left than everyone thought.  The first order of business this week was the Board’s decision to increase our quarterly dividend rate to $0.44, representing a 10% increase from current level. The new rate will commence with the October dividend. Notwithstanding the fluctuations in annual earnings, we’ve been able to keep our dividend increases at a solid level of between 8% to 11% over the past four years, primarily as a consequence of our longstanding practice of keeping FFO and AFFO payout ratios low and operating under a conservative debt policy. Additionally, investors should be comforted by the fact that the dividend level is supported by our operating cash flows without regard to achievement of transactional income. FFO per share this quarter was $0.66, which was $0.02 above the first quarter level. Year-over-year FFO per share was $0.05 lower, which was exclusively due to the level of transactional activity in the comparable periods. Last year’s second quarter included more significant gains from the Kimco Capital Services or KCS businesses, including the liquidation of a preferred equity position in self storage in Canada and a New York mixed use building. We also generated a significant promote last year from our investment management business in the disposition of properties and our joint venture with GE. On the other side of the ledger, we experienced higher merchant building profits this quarter, primarily from the sale of our interest in the Woodlands Project in Houston, and more importantly, an increase in operating cash flow from shopping center holdings and recurring flows from those KCS businesses. And while we are pleased that our merchant building’s earnings are up, I think it is once again important to emphasize that development gains are not a critical component of our earnings base, contrary to some recently published research. Since the advent of our program in 2001, these profits have ranged between 2.7% to 4.9% of reported FFO. Timing and extent of the transaction side of this business will always wreak havoc with quarterly comparisons and against the consensus numbers. We exceeded the most recent First Call numbers by $0.01, which is not surprising since our quarterly results have not matched First Call numbers in about two years. And we continue to encourage the research community to focus less on these quarterly comparisons than more on the annual results in overall business strategies. That said, the composition of our second quarter earnings statement was reflective of the underlying business trends. First, our US based shopping center assets are holding up well despite the stress on retailers as consumer wallets are being affected by gas and food prices, and as their confidence continues to vain.  Occupancy dropped slightly from the March quarter end declining only 30 basis points to a level of 95.7%. Compared to the year ago June level, it was also a modest drop of 20 basis points. Same-store NOI did decelerate to a quarterly level of 2.4%. Leasing spreads are holding up with new leases at over 12% and renewals at almost 10%, but the internal growth numbers were impacted by the slightly lower occupancies and higher write-offs. There is no question that the current economic environment has and will continue to put some pressure on portfolio metrics in the short-term. But we are confident that our portfolio will be able to withstand the recessionary environment and sustain its cash flows due to the strength of the portfolio and the lack of concentration in the tenant base. The second trend is the absolute lower number of transactions, reflecting fewer buyers and sellers and a continued difficult financing market. Cap rates yet have not moved sufficiently to entice core investors get the greatly anticipated avalanche of distressed opportunities in hard assets, not paper, is yet to arrive. As a consequence, the aggregate level of gains, promotes, and other transactions was about half the level from 2007.  The third area, the appetite to invest outside the US continues in earnest and our investment capital continues to flow into the Mexico development program. In addition, we were able to rekindle some acquisition activity in Canada with our old friends at RioCan jointly acquiring a ten-property shopping center portfolio from H&R REIT in June as well as our first transaction in Brazil and Peru. Dave will follow with more color on our investment strategies. Liquidity remains healthy with about $1 billion available, but in this environment we will continually look for every opportunity to increase it at a reasonable price. And with limited debt maturities over the next 18 months, we can afford to be strategic in accessing the capital markets. I again affirm the full year FFO guidance for the year at a range of between 270 to 278, but unbiased towards the low end of the range. Hitting the numbers, as you would expect, is dependent on achieving the planned transactions in the Kimco Capital Services business as well as continuing to bring our Mexico development pipeline online. The components of the guidance are once again included in the earnings press release. Finally there is no question that REIT landed in a different place. The real estate cycle does exist and it is unreasonable to assume that fundamentals will be negative as the prospects for an extended recession with stagflation are real. How will the REIT model flair, I’m not going to generalize. But at Kimco, we recognize that we have to focus on riding through this rough patch upon us and to continue to cultivate a long range strategy focused on shopping centers, investment management, non-US expansion and our opportunity business. Milton will give you his take on this approach in a few moment. Now I’d like to turn over to my esteemed colleague, Mr. Henry.
Dave Henry:  Thank you, Mike. Using one of Milton’s favorite words, the perturbations of the real estate market and the stormy economic seas continued unabated in the second quarter. Shopping center sales activity in the US has declined dramatically in 2008, and accordingly our US new business transaction activity has been limited. Institutional investors and lenders of all types continue to largely sit on the side lines, as they wait for the market to stabilize and cap rates to settle.  On the pharmacy side, we are happy to report the closing yesterday of our Kimco Income Fund II, KIF II, with an initial set of institutional investors including Zurich Insurance, Knights of Columbus and CNL. KIF II is the $345 million leverage portfolio of 14 existing retail properties purchased by Kimco over the past 18 months. The properties have long-term fixed rate debt, averaging 65% of cost, and the projects were selected to achieve diversity, low leverage and strong current cash yield to the investors. KIF II helps us continue to grow our funds under management and our relationships with high quality domestic and international institutional investors. Also in the US, and as mentioned on our last call, we are planning to introduce a New York urban fund, which will target redevelopment and acquisition opportunities in the New York Metro area where Kimco has decades of experience and where retails are still looking for expansion opportunities, because of the region’s density and lack of many national big box retailers. Outside of the US, Kimco continues to grow its portfolio in Canada, Mexico and South America. In Canada, we were very pleased to form our second joint venture with RioCan, Canada’s largest REIT and a valued partner for the past six years. Our new venture, creatively called RioKim II, has been seeded with a large portfolio of ten retail properties comprising 1.1 million square feet purchased in June from another large Canadian REIT, H&R. The portfolio of seasoned properties is 98% leased and 90% of the portfolio contains strong national and regional tenants such as Walmart, Canadian Tire, Zellers, Metro, Shoppers Drug, and Price Chopper. Kimco and Riocan both can grow RioKim too in the future with additional opportunistic acquisitions. Also in Canada, Kimco acquired additional stock in Plazacorp, a public regional shopping center owner and developer specializing in Quebec and the Maritime Province. Kimco now owns 14.3% of the company and we also had a successful joint venture with Plazacorp on a 458,000 square foot shopping center in St. John's Newfoundland. We very much look forward to exploring additional joint venture opportunities with Plazacorp. Looking at Latin America, Kimco continues to expand in a number of focused areas. In Mexico, we closed on 3 new development projects during the quarter and added 2 new land parcels to our Mexico retail land farm. The new projects and land sites are located in Mexico City, Cancun, Rio Bravo, Torreon, and Mazatlan. In addition, we added one net leased industrial property Monterrey, Mexico, to our American Industries joint venture, which now contains 72 net leased industrial buildings. During the quarter, we also sold our equity interest in G. Accion's to AMB, the largest shareholder of G. Accion.  In South America, we achieved 2 important milestones, closing our first transactions in both Peru and Brazil. In Peru, our local partner is Penta Realty, which is headquartered in Lima and controls a portfolio of 23 projects. In Brazil, our development partner is REP, Real Estate Partners, a local firm based in Sao Paulo specializing in small neighborhood and community shopping centers. We have a strong pipeline of pending development projects with both of these partners in their respective markets. In Chile, we continued to grow our portfolio and relationships by forming a new partnership with D&S, Chile’s largest grocery store retailer, for the development of a new 250,000 square foot shopping center anchored by D&S’s large leader format and home center, Sodimac, a major home improvement store. As an overview and to give you some perspective of our growing activities in Latin America as a whole, we have approved 23 new deals today in 2008 totalling $308 million, 16 projects in Mexico and 7 in South America. Our pipeline of transactions in various stages of underwriting is very strong and totals approximately $900 million, 29 projects in Mexico and 16 in South America. All of this compares very favorably with 2007 totals at this point last year. As previously announced, we continue to market a new $500 million commingled fund for South America, which will be seeded with all of our existing investments in pipeline for South America. Similar to our existing Mexico retail land fund, our South America real estate fund will be our exclusive vehicle to invest in retail acquisitions and development opportunities in South America. Investor interest has been strong and we hope to close the fund late this year.  Overall, we continue to be very optimistic about retail development in Latin America, particularly in the countries we are concentrating on, Mexico, Chile, Peru, and Brazil. All of these countries have strong economies, rich natural resources, a growing middle class, expanding trade, and excellent demographics. As the US wrestles with its significant housing and economic issues we believe that both Canada and Latin America offer excellent investment opportunities. Now, I would like to the turn to Milton for his thoughts.
Milton Cooper:  Thank you, Dave. We have been through many cycles in our five-decade history and each time there is a downturn, we can never be sure how prolonged or how severe it will be. All indications are that this downturn will punish the consumer, which in turn will hurt most retailers and has to negatively affect shopping center occupancy. There are, however, four constants that are essential for a company during a difficult period and they all start with the letter L, loan leverage, loan payout ratios, lots of liquidity, and finally, level-headed talent. And loan leverage is safety net and a combination of low leverage and a low payout ratio ensures that our dividend is sacrosanct.  We have always maintained the store’s balance sheet and we are committed to continue to do so. Invariably, downturns bring up and through these company’s liquidity and a talented team that can evaluate and seize the opportunities. And in times of stress, intuitional investors should have retail property investments managed by companies experienced in working through problems having close relationships with retailers and having cash to be co-investor. A skillful manager with skill in the game becomes of paramount importance.  Now, we have always had a long history of specializing in situations involving distressed retailers and distressed properties. The income in this business should increase with the growing turmoil in the retail sector. Nonetheless, we should not hit ourselves, notwithstanding our relative strength and some shock absorbers we will not be exempt from retail problems and occupancy issues, but well located shopping centers are a wonderful long-term investment and while there will be periods when cash flows may decrease because of tenant bankruptcies, those periods passing over time the rental streams increase.  With hints of inflation and an emphasis on quality real estate, we are confident that our portfolio will perform well for our shareholders over the coming years. Our business model is good one. We had liquidity and level-headed talent and we will continue to deliver the goods for all of our constituencies and with that all of us will be delighted to answer any questions you may have. Okay, David, thanks we are ready to take questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) We will go first to Paul Morgan with FBR.
Paul Morgan – FBR:  Good morning. Just a couple of things on the transactional side, you know, first on the Woodlands, you listed in your supplemental as having sold for $17.8 million and that does not seem right [ph], maybe you could just give a little bit of detail on that sale and maybe the cap rates on that sale and maybe the cap rates. And then looking ahead, you know, I assume that there is some number in the second half guidance for Albertson’s transactions and if you could give any sense of what you think that number might be right now given the deals that took place in the second quarter?
Milton Cooper:  With respect to the Woodlands, we sold our equity interest in Woodlands. We have a 50% interest in Woodlands net of the existing debt on the property. Although, the number you are looking is the value of our 50% equity interest.
Paul Morgan – FBR:  So, is that true – and that is true for of the dispositions that you list there and none of them are sort of aggregate values?
Barbara Pooley:  Paul, if you will cover that with me later we will go through that, I will go through the detail with you.
Paul Morgan – FBR:  Okay.
Milton Cooper:  With respect to your question for the second half of the year, as the guidance indicated Paul that we are expecting between $100 and $125 million of various transactional activities. We have identified currently about 80% of that number and are pursuing a series of other transactions as well. Albertson’s certainly is a transaction and its sale of its certain assets to public within the marketplace and it is being considered as one of the elements of that aggregate bogie, but at this point it is too premature to give the specific estimate for that particular transaction.
Mike Pappagallo:  Paul, I did not mean to ignore your other question on cap rate, but it is effectively is low 6s.
Paul Morgan – FBR:  The 80%, so that does include your estimate of the gains from Albertson’s?
Mike Pappagallo:  Yes.
Paul Morgan – FBR:  Okay, thanks.
Operator:  We will go next to Christine McElroy with Banc of America.
Christine McElroy – Banc of America:  Hi, good morning, Mike, in guiding towards the low end of your FFO guidance ranges, your more conservative stance from 3 months ago, primarily the results of slower core growth, and how should we expect occupancy to trend in the back half of the year?
Mike Pappagallo:  I would say that the primary reason for my bias towards the low end is more geared towards the transactions than it is core growth activity, although with respect to the guidance ranges we did trend down the ranges for same store growth. And really that is a consequence of the second quarter results and just a more conservative perspective. But I think in the aggregate that is not to have as much as a driver effect in terms of going to 270 to a 278 level. On occupancy, it is pretty much our custom, we are not going to kind of go out and predict the specific level, but I think, you have heard in the various comments that we are very sensitive to increasing stress on some of our retailers and that it would be not unreasonable to expect the continued downward trend in occupancy. We don’t see anything draconian at this point and that is simply a consequence of a very diverse tenant concentration base and not reliance significantly on any one particular tenant, but we do indicate that there will be continued pressure on occupancies.
Christine McElroy – Banc of America:  Okay, and then my followup is, I guess you know if you are thinking about how you envision your FFO growth looking like over the next few years, can you kind of walk us through how much of that growth you expect to come from kind of core property level income from development and acquisitions and from your more kind of opportunistic investments in transaction income?
Mike Pappagallo:   I think it is certainly too premature to talk about the component in to 2009 and beyond. I think, we have always, if you look at the framework of our business though that our core business be it US and now increasingly in Latin America has always been a mid-to-high single digit return and then which generally has brought us to the 10% plus level. It has been the range of transactional activity that is available in the market place. And to Milton’s point earlier about as distress continues and that we may find ourselves with more opportunity on the distressed retailer and bankruptcy side, the weight and degree of transactional activities may move from say development and merchant development and promoted interests on portfolios to more the opportunistic place on the distress. So, longer term the composition that you have seen in the last few years will be probably the same but it will have different stripes.
Christine McElroy – Banc of America:  Thank you.
Operator:  We will go next to Michael Mueller of J.P. Morgan.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan:  Yes, hi, this is kind of a followup to the prior question. But when you look across the different buckets, how do you think about capital allocation when you go from preferred equity to retailer services development today. I guess – where you are seeing the most opportunities and where you are seeing the better returns?
Dave Henry:  Well, I think, every Monday we take a look at the potential transactions in our investment community, and it is all about risk reward. I mean, in today’s time, it is fair to say we are looking for higher returns and given our cost of capital in general we are looking for things that will return mid-teens or better IRRs on our shareholders capital over time. Now, as the risk of the transactions goes up for instance, merchant development building opportunities we are looking for higher returns in Brazil, we are looking for higher returns than we would perhaps see in stabilized portfolio shopping centers in Canada which we just acquired with RioKim which would be a lower IRR, but it is all about risk reward these days. It is all about liquidity issues out there, it is about us trying to take advantage of things. We have not seen property prices fall dramatically and as a result we haven’t been aggressively buying either for ourselves or our investors. However, we are beginning to see the pick up in preferred equity opportunities. We are continuing to grow internationally and we will just see how it comes. Retailer services we also expect to pick up some activity as retailers have other struggles. 84 Lumber is a transaction that was right in our strike zone because it was a very well secured loan on our real estate base. If more opportunities like that come along we want to jump on it.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan:  And a followup, what is the range of the cap rates for what you bought and are looking at in Brazil?
Dave Henry:  Well, this is Mike, excellent opportunities have introduced Mike Melson, who is the General Manager and Managing Director of all of our Latin America effort and somebody who I feel tremendous envy for, because he speaks both Spanish and Portuguese as well as English. So, Mike with that introduction what don’t jump in on cap rates.
Mike Melson:  Thanks, Dave. I will respond in English. Most of our investments in Brazil would be development deals. The acquisition has gotten a bit frothy we think. So, I think, we will focus on developments and we see yield there of between 13% and 16% on investment.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan:  Okay. Thank you.
Mike Melson:  Those are unleveraged returns on cost. But Mike, you might comment on what type of cap rates you are seeing on existing properties there? They’ve gotten very well.
Mike Pappagallo:  They have. Some recent large transactions have been done at 7, 8% cap rates. Again, those acquirers are betting on significant growth in NOI and in some cases an expansion of the assets going forward.
Operator:  We’ll go next to Jeff Donnelly with Wachovia Securities. Well, we’ll go next to Steve Sakwa with Merrill Lynch.
Steve Sakwa – Merrill Lynch:  Good morning. Milton, I guess over the last several years you’ve been very successful in taking advantage of these distressed retail businesses whether it was the Montgomery Wards or K-Mart bankruptcy. But clearly that was done in a very different retail environment. I’m just wondering, you’ve talked about distressed opportunities potentially coming up, but certainly the appetite from other retails is not as great. I mean, how do you think about those opportunities today, how would you think about underwriting and how would you think about return hurdles today versus the returns that you got over the last five to seven years?
Milton Cooper:  Steve, I couldn’t more with really the indications that helps. It will be tougher. First of all, Steve, we have much more competition of funds who really want to be in it so that – we didn’t have a competition early on. Secondly, there aren’t that many uses. So the distressed business that we see will be creative uses and creative seizing an awful lot in the debt – on mezzanine debt and other instruments. But I can [ph] tell you I think it’s going to be tougher. I do think we are going to get a share and we’ll be able to because of long-term relationships with some of the other players who play with us in the distress field. But I am really optimistic we’re going to get our share and the returns will be juicy.
Steve Sakwa – Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Just as a follow-up, I don’t know who wants to handle this. It relates to development, but when you compare your development schedule this quarter to last quarter, a number of projects have either slipped out of the merchant building bucket and some have gone back into land. A number of dates have been pushed out, which isn’t terribly surprising. And some of the committed space figures have come down. Can you just maybe talk about the developments, what you are seeing from the retailers and how you think about those returns and kind of KBI gains going forward?
Mike Pappagallo:  Steve, I will answer the specific questions about what’s on the page and then I’ll let one of the other – someone else answer the general aspect of development. We took a fresh look at the development page, I noticed a couple of things. First, there were a few smaller projects on that list. It’s really what you call are Kimco Capital Services assets, more arbitrage placed on smaller tracks of landhold, a variety of urban based projects that were in the 30,000 to 40,000 square foot mode. And those are really almost single tenant arbitrage plate. So we just simply took them off the list because they really weren’t reflective of the longer-term shopping development on that page. In a couple of other instances, we did take a look, and the original underwriting there is a couple of specific examples where there was an LOI for super target now working with a preferred developer, the targeted opening was 2010, 2011. So we had circled the land, but from a realistic point of view, the development even in our base case underwriting really wasn’t going to start for a few years. So we thought it prudent to separate the development, active development program with those assets that were really more akin to landholding that had more outside dates from a standpoint of when the development would start or alternatively a thought process of just selling the land as we riddle down our development exposure. So those are the specifics. I don’t know if anyone here want to make a comment about general development trends.
Dave Henry:  I’ll let Jerry give you some more specifics, but in general, we like most of our peers are seeing a lot pure, viable new development transactions. As retailers have cut back on their expansion plans, as rents have softened, as costs have increased, as debt has gotten more difficult to achieve, our joint venture partners in the development business have found many fewer potential transactions that seems to be viable. Jerry, you may want to comment on what you see as well
Jerry Friedman:  Okay. Yes. Basically we are being very conservative in looking at the basic elements of development as we’ve done in the past and trying to scrutinize and be realistic. So we have not really done only one new development that we were proposing this in the last recent period. And we will continue to look, we expect to see a break in – as we feel those are going to need sites, the big box retailers in the coming years. But for the foreseeable future, it’s going to be a tough call.
Steve Sakwa – Merrill Lynch:  Can you just comment on the yield expectation–?
Milton Cooper:  Steve, let me just say this. Really to be as realistically, developments in retailers when the want sites, they got to see rooftops, they got to see growth. You don’t have any housing growth in so many markets and consequently the development isn’t going to make sense in most of America. There will be some pockets that are of exceptions. Houston is like Dubai now. But other than that, I think it’s unrealistic to think of a strong development market when you don’t have a strong housing market. That is the reason why there is such an appetite in Mexico because Mexico has a housing board. And we have retailers who say, no, no, no, in the United States, but please, please, please, in Mexico. So I guess the heart of it is, there won’t be development, there won’t be demand until there is a resurgence of housing and I suspect that’s a long, long way off. 
Steve Sakwa – Merrill Lynch:  Right. Well, I guess that’s fine in terms of the new starts, but you still got maybe 20 projects here in the US that are in various – 20 projects in various stages. And I just wonder to what extent are those returns coming down.
Dave Henry:  We actually took a hard look at the whole inventory about a week ago. Luckily most of our existing products on the list are near the tail end in terms of construction completion and lease-up. And one of the reasons we recharacterize a few, a few of the other projects where we closed – closed on the land, we have not broken ground yet. And it will probably be several years before the entitlements are all achieved and so forth. So at least with respect to our inventory of projects, they largely fall into the tail end of their construction completion cycle. And as Jerry pointed out, we really haven’t started anything new in the past year or so. So we have very few projects that are in the very initial stages of going forward. But we feel pretty good. Yes, the tail end leasing is getting a little tougher in terms of some of the local spaces and selling out these projects, but in general we think the portfolio is in reasonable shape.  
Steve Sakwa – Merrill Lynch:  Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator:  We’ll go next to Jeff Donnelly with Wachovia Securities.
Jeff Donnelly – Wachovia Securities:  Hi guys. Milton, I’d like to put a finer point on your outlook for the retail real estate business, just given your experience on what you are hearing from retailers. Would it, for instance, surprise you if the business sees negative absorption in space through, say, 2010 before we get a return retailer demand? And put differently, at what point do you think retailers will begin to want to boosting the square footage growth?
Milton Cooper:  I think – it’s hard to generalize. Let me just say this about retailer demand and absorption. Two general rules. One, retailers need inflation. They have to have. Where this inflation in the retailer products you are going to see growth and more growth? Where do you see that? Food, supermarkets. Supermarkets are doing quite well today because of inflation (inaudible) trading down. They are doing very well. They are not buying Heinz ketchup, but they are buying private labels and their margins are higher. They are selling prepared food. You are going to see expansion in supermarkets. You are going to see the desire to expand when tenants cater to trading down. Wal-Mart, warehouse clubs are doing well. TJ Maxx is doing well, Ross, they cater. Outside of that, it will be very difficult. I suspect when you get all done, I think it will be a wash. I don’t think it will be negative, but I’m not sure. But that’s the trend that’s happening within it.
Jeff Donnelly – Wachovia Securities:  Okay. And then the second question is for you Dave. Fund-raising activity out there certainly scares. These institutions seem to be sitting on the sidelines, and you guys are out there looking at the New York City fund. Can you use that to talk about what sort of returns unlevered or levered investors are seeking from investments maybe versus a year ago and how is the fee structure for partners such as yourself change, now that we are in such a hot market?
Dave Henry:  Well, two things. A trend is definitely continuing where funds or problematic joint ventures would emphasize core properties with core returns are simply not very marketable today. Our Kimco Income Fund II, which is a wonderful portfolio of 14 seasoned properties, is giving a day one leverage yield to the investors in the seven [ph] is the tough sell today, because people are afraid of where cap rates are going to go for something that’s existing. By the same token, when we offer interim and international product like our Mexico land fund or our new South American fund or this new urban redevelopment fund, all of which are targeting net returns to the investors of 15% to 20% depending on very strong demand on the investors. And I suspect it because most of these continue to have money allocated for real estate. And they are simply saying, I’m going to stay in the real estate business in these uncertain times, I want to have a higher return, and I’m willing to invest with a wonderful operator like Kimco but I want higher returns. And that’s what’s going on. Even the international investors who you would say, boy, America is a very wonderful time to buy a stabilized property because our currency is so weak and theirs is so strong. Even those guys are saying, but what if the currency keeps going down and what if the cap rate goes up. So it’s an interesting time, but we continue to grow the relationships with our investor base and the new wonderful new investors like Zurich who just joined our Kimco Income Fund. And so we believe our future is tight as the money management business and we will grow it and we will introduce products that the investors want. And it will be a while, of course, the cap rates settle and investors that come back into the existing stable properties. But we think we got the products that will meet the need and we’ll keep growing.
Operator:  We’ll go next to Lou Taylor with Deutsche Bank.
Lou Taylor – Deutsche Bank:  Thanks, good morning. Milton, can you make a comment with regard to the new bankruptcy rules that retailers are going to operate under this year? And do you think it’s going to change you to the pace or the timing of retailer bankruptcies?
Milton Cooper:  The new retailer rules take away some of the new bankruptcy rules with a time to extend or reject. What has happened as a practical manner in some cases, the retailers are saying, fellas, if you don’t give us the time, we just going to reject. So they get it indirectly. It makes the designation rights a little less valuable in the bankruptcy proceeding. So that – but on balance, retailers will take advantage of bankruptcy when they have no other choice. And I think that business will continue. It has changed a little, but not that much.
Lou Taylor – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And the second question just for Dave, in terms of South American fund, are you going to seed that with some of recent acquisitions/developments that you referenced earlier today?
Dave Henry:  Are we going to see debt?
Lou Taylor – Deutsche Bank:  Are you going to seed the fund with–?
Dave Henry:  Yes, South America is, for instance, everything we’ve done and we started closing transactions probably 12 months ago with an existing portfolio of four shopping centers in Santiago. Everything we have done in our whole pipeline, we will go into the South American fund at cost. We will not mark these things up. And that will be our vehicle for South America. And that’s different in Mexico. Mexico, we have a fund per land, but then Kimco together occasionally with partners like GE does the development itself.
Lou Taylor – Deutsche Bank:  Great. Thank you.
Operator:  We will go next to Michael Bilerman with Citi.
Michael Bilerman – Citi:  Good morning. Ambika Goel is here with me as well. I’m not sure if it was Dave or Mike where you talked about that you are not expecting the draconian scenario in occupancy. But maybe you can just delve into a little bit more with becoming more conservative on your same-store guidance with occupancy ticking down in the quarter. What are you sort of seeing, what’s surprising out there? And clearly with given Barry’s goodies, Mervyn’s and Milan’s [ph], I’m not sure if your exposure is more or less relative to others and sort of where you think things are going to fall out?
Mike Pappagallo:  Michael, I’m going to let David Lukes answer that. He probably has the best perspective in terms of portfolio and trend. David?
David Lukes:  Michael, it’s probably not a lot of change from what we said last quarter. But to give you a little bit of insight, to date there has been a lot of churn. If you look at the vacates and the new leases in the last two quarters, there has been a lot of vacates and there has been a lot of new leasing. In fact, the second quarter this year was a very high numbers for new leasing. So, it is not – it is hard to draw immediate conclusions. I can give some anecdotes that could probably help justify what we said last quarter, which is the housing markets that seemed to be doing worse are correlating fairly well with the retail markets. They are having a lot of vacates. Of all of the vacates in the second quarter, almost half of them were in the Western region. Ironically, of all of the new leasing in the second quarter, half of them were in the Western region. So, you end up with a lot of tenants leaving and a lot of tenants coming in which doesn’t necessarily coincide with the general newspaper trend that you know, retailers are going bankrupt and leaving. There seems to be still a healthy demand, and when I look at the same store leasing spreads of that Western region, which is, you know, half of the driver this quarter, you are still looking at 7% to 8% to 9% increase in same store rent. So, I think that the trend that we can draw and I was going to look exactly who vacated and who signed the leases. The trend that we are drawing is that some types of tenants like movie rentals; cell phone operators, their franchisees; small beauty supply chains. Those – their discretionary items are tending to be the ones that are vacating at a higher percentage, and the tenants that are coming in tend to be more consumer staples. So, that is not inconsistent when a change in the economy happens, but is just changes consumer spending habits, it will reflect itself on which tenants are coming and going out. The markets just like last quarter they don’t have the same, you know, 50 leave and 50 come in or probably still you know, the Phoenix markets, Florida, and certainly Las Vegas where there is a little bit more leakage. The Midwest tends to be very strong right now. You know, we are up there; we are up in the Northeast. So, it is hard to draw national conclusions. With respect to your question about our risk level and tenant bankruptcies, the going forward occupancy I don’t think is going to be impacted heavily by the shops because we are seeing a lot of movement out and in. I think the real question will be what happens to the major categories with the larger retailers, and we do have a very diversified portfolio both in terms of square footage and annualized based rent, but you know, certain tenants have higher average rents than others and a lot in the future is just simply going to depend on those senior anchors do.
Michael Bilerman – Citi:  Good ahead, sorry.
Dave Henry:  Might be the consequence of all of those thoughts from David and then translating into financial numbers, because of that churn and the fact that with some of the churn comes increased pressure on write-offs of non selective account, that is why I tempered the same-store growth when you look at it over 3 month period this time and while pulled back to those numbers a little bit.
Michael Bilerman – Citi:  Does your pace of leasing going into 2009, has that shifted relatively to where you were at this point last year for ’08?
Dave Henry:  Tell it again, Michael?
Michael Bilerman – Citi:  I was wondering, if you know think about your 2009 expiries which you are obviously in negotiations already on. Has the tone changed and has – are you further ahead or you behind relative to where you were leasing for 2008?
Dave Henry:  When you are looking at, part of the vacates is the contractual end of the lease term and the other part of the vacate is just tenants that just walk out. If you look at the number of vacates it is fairly steady every year in terms of the percentage of portfolio that rolls and you know, a year in advance is a good time to start having discussions with the retailer, but you are really not getting to deal terms until you are within 6 months of the end of that base term. So, it is a little bit early to probably be able to answer that with honesty. I can say that in the markets where the supply is higher than what it was maybe a couple of years ago, the question comes down to, you know, will you renew me at the same rent. The markets that don’t really have a supply issue like, you know, a lot of the higher density markets, you’re really still looking at the market rent and then you are looking at whether the tenant with get TIs on a renewal and if you look at our numbers to date, you will know that we are pretty conservative on TIs and almost nonexistent on renewals, but that is one indicator that things will change. If we start seeing a higher request for TIs for either new deals or renewals, but if I look ahead at the next quarter and the year ahead as to how it is going with conversations with retailers, we still feel pretty good about the general tone of the conversation and I would say it is more even than it is one sided, but like I said, what will change that really is whether we see some larger scale tenants go away because that will put pressure on how many different categories are looking at the same box.
Michael Bilerman – Citi:  And just one follow up on the marketable securities and the preferred, you know, you include your marketable securities almost $400 million in sort of capital availability. Maybe Mike you can just review the concentration of any large positions, how liquid those marketable securities are and then on the preferred side, again, I know, it is pretty diverse in terms of number of investment, but is there any risk if some of those investments mature that given the refinancing that financing market that there maybe risk to some of your principal?
Mike Pappagallo:  On the marketables, as you know Mike, we generally not disclose all of our positions, but all of the instruments there are liquid and actively traded. So, for us to recycle those assets is not a problem based on preferred equity.
Dave Henry:   On the preferred equity portfolio, it is a wonderful diversified portfolio of relatively small investments many of which or most of were originated over a long period of time and the debt is reasonably conservative an in many cases, they’re amortized down and the values of those properties have grown significantly. So, at this point after a pretty through portfolio review, we really don’t see any significant problems in that portfolio from either an occupancy or NOI basis or maturing debt. The portfolio is in very, very good shape.
Operator:  We will go next to J. Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
J. Habermann – Goldman Sachs:   Hi, good morning, here with Tom as well. Just following up on that last question on page 36 of the supplemental with Kimco Capital services and also the details in the preferred equity, retailer services. Give us some sense for the timing of the harvesting of those embedded gains. Should we see more of that you think in 2009 given that that core business continues to hold up well and you have been able to realize transactional income this year?
Mike Pappagallo:  Clearly, the preferred equity does have substantial upside and as we continually evaluate the opportunities to harvest them with our partners there are a variety of assets that we will consider moving forward in harvesting in both 2009 and 2010. Clearly, the financing markets have an indication on the absolute ability to sell products, properties in given point in time, but we are very focused in working with those operating partners in the preferred equity space to methodically harvest them as the market conditions exist and as the opportunities exist.
Dave Henry:  We try to add on the size of doing what our partners want to do. So, in many cases our partners want to hold these assets longer term and we try to work with them on that. In some cases, they are able to refinance both the underlying first and our position and we sit together for a long period of time. So, in general we try not to push value customers to selling the properties or somehow liquidating, but to Mike’s point, we also work with them as best we can to harvest these positions which in many cases have substantial embedded value in those, and we work together with JoAnn Carpenter that runs this business and Mike and the rest of us, and we set the target for each year and sometimes on a quarterly target of things to try to make happen, but generally we do try to listen to our customers and what they want to do on these things.
J. Habermann – Goldman Sachs:  Okay, then on the transactions markets, I know, you mentioned institutional capital still on the sidelines, but have your views changed at all with regard to how much cap rates you need to adjust in order to see a greater space of transaction volumes?
Dave Henry:  Just speaking for myself, it is not a question of adjustment, it needs to stabilize. It needs to settle in at a number. It either needs to return to the old cap rates in the low 6s if you will, or stabilize at 7 or 7.5. It just needs a period of time when it is more or less settled. The most scary thing to institutional investors is turmoil and change, one way or another, it makes them very nervous and nobody wants to buy something today and then have to explain to his boss or his board a month later that he is underwater or have to take a mark-to-market to loss because it has moved so quickly on. So, in many cases they just don’t want to run that risk and they will sit on the sideway or they will invest for higher return opportunities in a fund type investment vehicle and it is going to be a long period of time before the final verdict is in.
Operator:  We will go next to Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets?
Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets:  Hi, good morning guys. Clearly the US has got some tenant issues and I noticed that the occupancy in Mexico dipped a little bit. I am wondering is the US the only place with the tenant issues and the rest of the world is sort of (inaudible) or there other places where you are seeing possibly some tenant problems as well around the world?
Dave Henry:  Well, it is interesting. If you look at the markets where we are, I mean, Canada is still exceptionally strong if you read RioCan’s press release, I think, from yesterday quarterly announcement. They are virtually no delinquencies in their portfolio or our portfolio together and most of our partners in Canada see no signs of slowdown or weakness. In Mexico, I think it is fair to say that there is a beginning of some softening. I think you have all read the remittences are way down for Mexicans living in the United States. So, I think most of the retailers, they are 100% honest with us are beginning to see a little bit of softening, not to be confused at all with what is going on in US, and it is still night and day down there, and people like Home Depot and Walmart are as aggressive as they have ever been in terms of expanding in Mexico as opposed to pulling their horns in the US. So, these retailers still feel very confident about Mexico, and then looking at Brazil, Walmart, Mike correct me if I am wrong, 14 different formats they want to expand and Brazil is one of their very highest priorities to take advantage of that country being the tenth largest economy in the world. So, there is a night and day difference in these markets, but in fairness, I think, there is just the whip of some soft softening in Eastern Mexico.
Milton Cooper:  And Rich, I think I shot myself on the foot on the occupancy because one of the projects that we had acquired which had a high occupancy; we initiated a phase 2 of the project. I don’t remember the exact project name and we have some good preleasing going on, but because it was only x percent occupied we just incorporated both phases, so it is theoretically a drop in both of them, but in effect it actually was no occupancy issue in terms of existing tenants, recycling out.
Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets:  You throw the curve balls every so often with these different schedules?
Milton Cooper:  I think [ph] one of the 25,000 pieces of data in the supplementals. You will have to give me a break.
Dave Henry:   I am very comfortable with the leasing and the rents in our retailers and Mexico and we continue to run at this window of opportunity as fast as we can.
Mike Pappagallo:  The only other comment we will make is we are starting to see actually a lot of interest from our US tenant base, as they see continued expansion, as they coming to us asking how can we grow into Mexico. So, we do still see very strong demand for all Mexico assets.
Rich Moore – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, very good thanks guys.
Operator:  At this time, there are no further questions; I would like to turn conference back over to Barbara Pooley for any additional or closing remarks?
Barbara Pooley:  Everybody as a remainder, our supplemental is in our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks everybody for participating today.
Operator:  That does conclude today’s presentation. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Pooley – Vice President of Investor Relations Milton Cooper – Chairman and CEO Dave Henry – Chief Investment Officer Mike Flynn – Vice Chairman and President Mike Pappagallo – Chief Financial Officer David Lukes – Executive Vice President Ray 
Analysts: Paul Morgan – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Jonathan Habermann – Goldman Sachs Christine McElroy – Banc of America Securities Ambika Goel – Citigroup Christeen Kim – Deutsche Bank Steve Sakwa – Merrill Lynch David Harris – Lehman Brothers Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan Bridget Adams – Argus Research David Fick – Stifel Nicolaus & Company Jim Sullivan - Green State Advisors 
Operator:  Please stand by. We are about to begin. Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to this Kimco First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware today’s conference is being recorded. As a reminder, all lines will be muted to prevent background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Now at this time I would like to introduce your host Ms. Barbara Pooley. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Barbara Pooley:  Thank you, Jake. Thank you all for joining the First Quarter 2008 Kimco Earnings Call. With me on the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Chairman and CEO; Dave Henry, Chief Investment Officer; Mike Flynn, Vice Chairman and President; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Financial Officer; and David Lukes, Executive Vice President. Other key executives are also available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management’s hope, intentions, beliefs, expectations, or projections of the future, which are forward-looking statements. It’s important to note that the company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company’s SEC filing. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco’s operating results. Examples include but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are available on our website. Finally, during the Q and A portion of the call, we request that you respect a limit of two questions with appropriate follow-up so that all callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue if you have additional questions. I’ll now turn the call over to Mike Pappagallo.
Michael Pappagallo:  Thanks, Barbara, and good morning. First off, I’d like to take a moment to acknowledge the passing of our Co-founder and Chairman Emeritus Marty Kimmel, who after living 92 years of what can only be called a complete life, left us two weeks ago.  Marty was not only the consummate real estate man, but more importantly, someone who had great vision, character and benevolence. Much of Kimco’s reputation for integrity and fair dealing can be traced directly to Marty. He will be missed, and we thank those of you who offered us your condolences and respects. We were pleased with our operating performance in the first quarter and the resiliency of our shopping centers despite the weight on consumers from high gas prices, food inflation and the psychology of incessant bad news influencing their confidence. FFO per share was $.64. While this represented a significant drop versus the first quarter of last year, comparability was dramatically influenced by the substantial distribution last year from the Albertson’s investment. As indicated in the earnings press release, Albertsons contributed $.21 per share of FFO in the 2007 quarter, while only $.03 in this year’s quarter. Excluding that effect, operating results showed a solid 7% increase in 2007. Certainly the question most often asked of us is how the forces affecting consumer spending are impacting tenants and shopping center performance. Occupancy levels dropped slightly from 96.3% at the end of last year, which was a historical high, down to 96%, which is actually encouraging considering that this is the first measurement period post-Christmas. To put it in perspective, this occupancy level is two ticks higher that the post-Christmas period one year ago, despite very different economic conditions. Same-store net operating income grew by 3.3%, and while lower than the past few quarters, is still a solid result in a more difficult leasing environment. As encouraging was the fact that almost 300 leases were signed, new or renewed, at an average increase of over 11%. Redevelopment and expansion projects of our existing portfolio base continue to be a focus of our asset management teams. During the quarter we completed four projects and added four others with the existing 21 projects representing an investment of about $325 million with about half spent already. We evaluate new opportunities continuously and have 12 other projects in the design or entitlement phase. Shopping center acquisition and disposition activity continues to be muted, reflecting uncertainty over cap rates and financing availability. Our single largest investment transaction was the purchase of a convertible debt instrument issued by the Live Property Group in concert with our initiation of a strategic alliance with them. We also closed deals on our preferred equity business and acquired long-term value play assets in Kimco Select investments.  As Dave will describe shortly, our pipeline of opportunities continues to grow in Latin America, including 18 new deals approved and an additional purchase for the Kimco Land Fund during the quarter. As we discussed in the prior conference call, liquidity and financial flexibility remain a top priority because credit availability is still a significant issue in our view. This careful capital management is manifesting itself in a very judicious approach to new business origination.  And as the first quarter activity level shows, our investments were biased toward internal portfolio spending, special strategic situations such as the investment in Valad and continuing our aggressive investment development program in Mexico. With respect to the earnings for this year, we continue to provide as much visibility as possible as to the composition of our earnings guidance and recognize that a component of those estimates are predicated on transactions that are facilitated by real estate markets that are either liquid and active or severely distressed, neither of which describes the current environment. It’s more akin to a standoff. 2008 full-year FFO guidance range remains unchanged, but the completion of our merchant development sales, harvesting of profit participations from the preferred equity and Kimco Select asset base are dependent on more stable transaction and financing markets for buyers. As far as timing, we see much more of this execution taking place towards the latter part of the year as well as the sourcing for more U.S.-based new business. We believe that our in-place real estate portfolio will prove resilient through an economic downturn. That is the nature of quality strip retail. There will continue to be some pressure on occupancy in spreads, but overall, the relatively low existing rents, the profile of the centers and the redevelopment opportunities will serve us well. The continuing new business investment in Latin America will provide increasing and sustainable earnings flow. Recurring fees from existing institutional management programs will remain intact, underscoring the quality of those portfolio flows, and the transactional activity will return, but in this market it is clearly a question of timing. With that, I will turn it over to Dave.
Dave Henry: Thanks, Mike. As noted by Mike and many of our peers, U.S. acquisition activity has slowed dramatically in 2008 as investors, lenders and property owners all wrestle with the right cap rate and equity yields for core real estate given a softening economy and a wide-ranging credit crisis. While many institutions still have substantial funds and allocations for real estate, there is a widespread belief that this is a good time to be cautious and wait for the real estate markets to stabilize.  At the same time, our international activity, particularly in Mexico and South America, has accelerated as we see the positive results of many years of relationship building with local operating partners, retailers and institutional clients. In the first quarter Kimco approved 18 new transactions in Latin America totaling $271 million. Looking at the details, we approved eight Mexico retail development projects for $175 million; three Mexico land fund transactions for $24 million; three net leased industrial buildings for $34 million; and four South American deals totaling $38 million. Overall, we are very proud of our existing portfolio in Latin America, which now consists of equity interest in 146 properties comprising more then 21 million square feet of rentable space. Latin America now exceeds our Canadian portfolio of roughly 18 million square feet. Mexico and South America both still appear to be strong markets for us. While there is a housing bust in the United States, Mexico continues to enjoy a housing boom, and Mexico retail sales are expected to grow 6% to 8% in 2008. Walmart Mexico reported an 11% earnings growth in the first quarter, and they now have more than 1,000 stores in Mexico. Kimco’s international strategy remains focused on countries that have growing economies and are rich in natural resources with stable governments, trade and fiscal surpluses, increasing populations and respect for property rights. As a result, we are concentrating our efforts in Canada, Australia, Mexico, Brazil, Chile and Peru. In general the country risk is low in these markets, and the real estate opportunities are substantial. Over the years, we have carefully and methodically built relationships with strong and reputable local operating partners in these markets, and we are very optimistic about the long-term potential to create value and recurring FFO in these countries. We currently have offices and resources in Toronto, Mexico City and Santiago, and we hope to add San Paulo by the end of 2008. While acquisition activity of core retail real estate has declined substantially in 2008, we continue to be committed to the institutional fund management business, and we are working on ways to increase our assets under management. This week we finalized our new comingled fund for South America, which will have a targeted size of $500 million of equity and will be seeded with our existing investments in pipeline for Chile, Brazil and Peru. Similar to our existing Mexico Retail Land Fund, our South America Real Estate Fund will be our exclusive vehicle to invest in retail acquisitions and development opportunities in South America. We are also working on an urban fund, which will be focused on redevelopment projects and opportunistic investment in the Long Island and New York City metro area, where Kimco has a long, 50-year history. During the quarter we closed or previously announced $200 million Aussie convertible debenture investment with Valad Property Group in Australia. We are actively working with the company to cross-sell our respective fund products and explore co-investment opportunities together.  We continue to believe that both companies will benefit greatly from sharing institutional relationships, fund product ideas, marketing strategies and investment opportunities. Valad also provides Kimco with a wonderful window on a wide range of Asian real estate markets and investment possibilities. Thank you and now I’d like to turn to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Dave. Just a few brief comments. Retailers are directly affected by the consumer and housing starts, and the consumer is feeling the pain of inflation every time the gas tank is filled and every time the family goes to the supermarket, so shopping for non-essentials will take a back burner. The absence of a vibrant housing market has reduced demand for furniture, appliances, linens, et cetera, so the retailers are suffering from a double whammy: the consumer in pain and the absence of a vibrant housing market. Retailers have told us that California, Florida, Arizona, Nevada have been particularly difficult. The Midwest and Northeast have not been as negatively impacted. And when the cash register sales are not ringing with sales, the retailers become more cautious on expansion and tougher on negotiating rents. And for those retailers with highly-leveraged balance sheets, store closings may follow. On a relative basis, I believe supermarkets, drugstores and discount stores will do better than department stores and apparel stores. Indeed, the value of real estate leased to tenants who sell food and other essentials and whose credit is strong may increase in value in a period where there’s a flight to safety. Thus far, the stress on the consumer and the illiquidity in the financial markets have not produced any juicy opportunities or transactions. I suspect that they may come about later in ’08, and you can count on us to jump on them. Over the years, I’ve seen the truth in the adage that patience is a virtue, and indeed we are patient investors. We are patient to seize opportunities and patient in planting seeds for the future. And this, of course, is a time not only to be patient but cautious. It’s a time to follow the essentials of the Hippocratic oath, which is do no harm to the patient. And with that we’ll all be delighted to answer any questions you might have.
Barbara Pooley: Jake, if you’ll open up the lines for questions, please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Paul Morgan, Friedman, Billings and Ramsey.
Paul Morgan – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: ─way they deal with their real estate in a difficult situation and it may require you to─
Michael Pappagallo: Paul? Paul, we were cut out in the beginning of your question.
Paul Morgan – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Okay.
Michael Pappagallo: Could you repeat it from the start? Thank you.
Paul Morgan – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: All right. Sure. I was just asking whether you think retailers, you know, that are going through difficult times are being more efficient now in this cycle with their real estate and it would, you know, cause you to need to take more risks to get involved with the types of transactions you made a lot of money on the in the past and then how you may try to get involved this time around.
Milton Cooper: Well, retailers will be more cautious, and I think with the money that we’ve made in the past have been where there’s been distress in the retailers and where there’s been a bankruptcy process and they have to dispose of leases or need financing and particularly debtor-in-possession financing. And I suspect that you will see some of those transactions early on, so that’s, Paul, what we see and I think there’ll be substantial volume early on. 
Dave Henry: And I would also add on the new business side the development, it’s clearly more difficult today. We’re seeing fewer development opportunities as retailers are more cautious about expanding in markets, so the number of deals we do in KDI and some of the other areas are going to slow down at least for now.
Paul Morgan – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: I mean that gets to my other question on development. I mean you’ve got about $2 billion you list in your pipeline. A lot of that is pretty far along and either completed or under the construction process. And where do you think that number goes, you know, over the next year and a half, say, and what do you think the composition will become between Latin America and the United States?
Dave Henry: Well, it’s been very limited in the U.S. I can only think of one deal that we’ve approved so far this year in terms of new development, and it was a grocery-anchored shopping center in Charlotte, a very small food anchor grocery store. So we—at least for now—we see very little in the U.S. that meets our current criterion. At the same time, Latin America the pipeline is very strong, so it will continue—the percentages of Latin America versus the U.S. look like they’re going to continue to grow for Latin America and down for the U.S. Now, that may change, but for now, that’s what we see.
Paul Morgan – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Do you think there will be enough growth in your pipeline in Latin America to, you know, backfill kind of what falls out of the U.S. pipeline.
Dave Henry: Absolutely, absolutely. It’s very strong. In fact that’s one of the reasons we decided to go the comingled fund route in South America because the opportunities are just so substantial that we had an opportunity to bring in other institutional partners and still meet our targets in terms of investing our shareholders’ capital.
Paul Morgan – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll now take a question from J. Habermann with Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann – Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, and certainly Milton and the team, my sincerest condolences on the passing of Marty. I just wanted, obviously, to comment on Home Depot and sort of updated CapEx plans. It sounds like they are no longer pursuing 50 store openings in the U.S. It sounds like they’re taking a pretty significant write-down and perhaps scaling back development by as much as a billion dollars over the next several years. Do you see this trend as something that you’ll continue to see happen more broadly in the industry or it is really focused on specific segments? And I guess alternatively, could you just comment on perhaps, you know, where you’re seeing some positive news and where there’s actually some strength in terms of expansions?
Dave Henry: Sure. Obviously, the retailers that are closest to housing are probably suffering the most, so the Home Depots of the world are obviously one of the first to cut back. Interestingly enough, though, they have accelerated their plans in both Mexico and in Canada. So the number of stores they plan to build in both those markets has actually increased from prior years’ targets as they look at those countries as opportunities for growth. As Milton referred to, the grocery stores actually seem to be doing okay in this market. Maybe food price inflation helps them or the people concentrating on eating at home and back to basics. We see the grocery stores actually pretty healthy these days. David, do you have any comments as well?
David Lukes:  Yes, well, if you look at the positive side, I would say that there are a couple of tenants that fit categories that are on the right side of demographic trends. For instance, pharmacy, pet supplies, discount apparel and those types of tenants in the markets that weren’t overheated by housing growth are still trying to grab market share, and so we’ve seen some continued strength in some of those markets.
Jonathan Habermann – Goldman Sachs: And, Mike, in your comments and this is just sort of a follow-on question. You sounded a little bit positively surprised that occupancy stayed as high as it did in the first quarter. I mean obviously given your sort of modest adjustment to same store and OI growth, I mean are you assuming some reduction in occupancy and then it picks up toward the latter half of the year?
Michael Pappagallo:  I let—David, I think you’re probably better served to give a view on the occupants.
David Lukes: Yes, I think as far as the occupancy goes, the visibility we have on new leases is fairly strong and as well as renewals simply because the duration it takes to negotiate and execute a new lease gives you about a 60-day visible window. And for the second quarter our visibility is still very good, so that’s positive.  What we don’t know obviously is, you know, bankruptcies and what effect that will have on the total occupancy, and we also don’t know to the vacates whether they’ll be mostly shops or they’ll be mostly junior anchors. And because they’re vastly different in square footage, that mathematic equation will change our occupancy a little bit. But when we take everything into consultation and we look throughout our whole leasing pipeline, we’re still fairly comfortable that barring any sizeable bankruptcies, you know, we’re going to be holding okay on our occupancy.
Jonathan Habermann – Goldman Sachs: Okay and just a final question. In terms of just how far off buyers and seller are today, can you just give us a sense of how wide that is and obviously the impact of the credit markets thus far? I mean clearly with preferred issuances over 7% and debt today in the mid-sixes?
Dave Henry: It’s a very wide bid-ask spread. You know, a year ago, good quality centers were selling in the low sixes. Not that many transactions at that level are happening. The bids are more in the low sevens, and sellers aren’t ready to sell at that kind of level, and buyers certainly don’t want to buy at yesterday’s prices. So there’s been very little acquisition activity happening as people wait to see who wins. And part of the reason is the financing markets are still very, very difficult, so buyers can’t get the financing, so they’re not willing to stretch at all. And sellers with deep pockets like institutions or REITs aren’t prepared to accept the lower prices today.
Jonathan Habermann – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will now move to the next question, which will come from Christine McElroy, Banc of America.
Christine McElroy – Banc of America Securities:  Hi, good morning. Just following up on Latin America. On the leasing side, are you generally only strengthening new relationships with local retailers or are you also finding that traditional U.S. retailers have an interest in expanding to those markets as well?
Dave Henry:  Both, both. I mean retailers on both sides of the borders are recognizing that Mexico has been underserved for many, many years. I think a number of researchers have noted when you have less than a thousand shopping centers in a country of over 100 million people versus the United States with 50,000 shopping centers, there is an enormous opportunity. And people like Walmart and Home Depot and Costco and HEB have jumped on the opportunity, and many more U.S. retailers like Best Buy and Lowe’s have announced plans to going down there.  So you have the U.S. retailers rushing down there. You have strong Mexican retailers like Bamsa and Electra and Soriano also growing tremendously there. And you also have some South American retailers that are looking at Mexico to jump in.  You have a growing middle class. You have a country that’s doing quite well, and they need basic shopping centers that are more like U.S. centers versus the street vendors and the people selling out of small street shops that were there historically, so it’s still a great time to grow retail in Mexico.
Christine McElroy – Banc of America Securities: Great, thanks. And then can you talk a little bit generally about what you’re seeing on the debt financing side? Where are well-capitalized borrowers finding capital most readily available today and at what spreads? And now that there have been a couple of public unsecured debt deals and it seems like the market’s opening up a bit, have you gauged pricing in that market and would you consider doing a deal today?
Mike Pappagallo: As it relates to Kimco’s corporate credit and looking at opportunities in the debt market, yes, we agree that spreads are starting to tighten. CDS is getting to more rational levels. So as we look at our business plan, as we look at building the balance sheet and as opportunities come to bear, we certainly would expect that we would be back in the capital markets on both debt and whatever other available capital opportunities there are. Still, the pricing is starting to come back. We’ve seen deals that have been done by Westfield and AMB, and they’re starting to be more traction, but I still think on balance there’s still some degree of uncertainty in the marketplace, and we have enough capital sources and our balance sheet has enough liquidity that I think we can afford to wait for I think a more optimal time or when the markets gets even more established and more firmed up to enter the markets. We really don’t need immediate capital today.
Christine McElroy – Banc of America Securities: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And now moving to the next question, Michael Billerman with Citigroup. Go ahead.
Ambika Goel – Citigroup: Hi. This is Ambika with Michael. In your annual report there was mention of a new development opportunity fund in the U.S. for potentially busted development deals? Can you talk about the potential size of this fund and where you are on setting it up?
Dave Henry: The only thing we’re really looking at in terms of a fund in the U.S. today is more of an urban redevelopment fund in our backyard, so to speak, in the New York metro area and Long Island where we’re particularly strong. That’s the most immediate thing we’re working on now in terms of development or redevelopment or taking advantage of opportunities in our own backyard.
Ambika Goel – Citigroup: Okay and how far are you along in setting that fund up?
Dave Henry: Well, the one that just launched this week—and we’re happy to talk about it, especially in such a wide audience—is our South American fund. So that is a comingled fund that launched this week.  The urban fund we’re still toying with the parameters and business model and exactly how to target the fund investments, but we are intrigued with the possibility of introducing an urban fund because we think we know our local markets very well. We see lots of opportunities here. We’ve managed to take advantage of them over the years, and it seems to fit our strengths.
Ambika Goel – Citigroup: And then on the opportunistic investment side, you mentioned that at this point you’re still waiting on the sidelines and you could potentially see opportunities later in the year. Are there any signals that you’re looking for in the marketplace or any indicators that, you know, we as analysts to look at to expect a ramp up? What kind of distress are you looking for in order to start to put capital to work?
Dave Henry: As you know, we have a long history of working with retailers that struggle and look to finance or purchase on a sale lease-back basis their real estate. Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we are participating with a consortium providing financing to 84 Lumber Company, and that is one where this company owns most of their facilities. We think we’re very well secured, and it’s a very generous rate of interest, and it’s an example of the type of opportunities we think are developing, and we’ll tell you a little more about it at the end of the second quarter.
Ambika Goel – Citigroup: And could you just review the size of that investment?
Dave Henry: Our participation is $25 million. The total facility is $590 million, but it includes inventory and receivables and things besides real estate. Do you know how much the real estate portion is?
Ray:  The real estate portion was $195 million.
Dave Henry: The real estate portion was $195 of which we took $25.
Ambika Goel – Citigroup: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Now Christeen Kim with Deutsche Bank will have the next question.
Christeen Kim – Deutsche Bank: Hey, good morning. Just in terms of U.S. development and how much you’ve changed your criteria for new projects, how much have you changed your underwriting in terms of yields or what have you?
Dave Henry: Well, I think we’ve changed or we’ve become more selective and more discriminating in two ways. One is we’re trying to be disciplined about making sure that we’re building to a yield on cost in the double digits. So we’re looking for 10% or greater unleveraged return on cost using today’s rents and today’s expenses and the estimated cost of the project. Secondly, we’re trying to make sure we’re back to basics. We’re looking for either grocery-anchored or pure retail development projects. We’ve done a couple mixed use over the years where we relied on perhaps a residential component or an office component with some mixed success there. So I think we’d like to focus more on pure retail development, and we’d like to make sure the yields have plenty of room, plenty of cushion in them.
Christeen Kim – Deutsche Bank: Great and, Mike, I think you mentioned that some of your assumptions for merchant bill gains and profit participation for this year was based on the assumption that a more stable financial environment going into the second half? If the credit markets stay where they are, how much does that impede your ability to reach those merchant bill and profit participation targets?
Michael Pappagallo:  It’s very difficult for me to put a specific dollar target on it and what the degree of risk is. Certainly, there is transaction activity, and we’re not suggesting that nothing is going to happen, but I guess the best place to look when you think about our earnings guidance—in the press release we indicated that between new business and transactional activity, there’s probably  $150 million left for the balance of the year. There was about 40 to 50 that we completed in the first quarter, so that represents the area that has the most variability over the course of the balance of the year. And, really, one of the things I was trying to get to was that because of where the markets are, I would guess that a lot of that activity is going to happen in the second half of the year as opposed to over the next few months.
Christeen Kim – Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you.
Operator: Now moving to Steve Sakwa with Merrill Lynch. Go ahead, please.
Steve Sakwa – Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Well, I guess, Mike, just to kind of follow up on that question, I’m just trying to understand what the capital deployment sort of required to hit these targets is because it’s not clear from the release sort of how much capital you’re sort of looking to put out.
Michael Pappagallo: Most of that activity, Steve, is actually existing assets on the balance sheet today that we’re looking to dispose of in the normal course. And what I mean by that is the Kimco developer’s profits $20 to $25 million, say, assets on the books that we need to just execute on sale transactions. Excuse me. In our preferred equity business it’s a matter of finalizing and executing certain transactions where we either refinance our existing participation or the underlying property is sold outright, and we recover our kicker, so those are the primary drivers in the transactional side of the business.  You know, in different periods of time we’ve talked about new business origination and levels of new business origination, but as I’ve said, there’s not a lot. The impact on the current year is much more muted because of the timing of the transactions. So even if we talked about a $400 to $500 million investment base, the impact this year is not going to be as significant. So for us it really is existing assets, turning them over as part of our operating plan for the preferred equity business, our Kimco Select investment assets, our development business and then some transactional activity in terms of acquisition fees and promotes on the disposals of some of our joint venture projects.
Steve Sakwa – Merrill Lynch: Okay so it’s really more dependent on you selling a lot of assets and refinancing and less about deploying a billion or $2 billion of new capital.
Michael Pappagallo: Absolutely.
Steve Sakwa – Merrill Lynch: Okay and can you just talk a little bit about the organization and build out of the international program and how you’re staffing that and, you know, what sort of risks you see in some of these countries?
Dave Henry: Sure. Let’s see where to start. We have offices in Toronto, Mexico City, Santiago, but most of our people for Latin America are headquartered in San Antonio. That’s where our back office and our asset management folks are. We probably have more than 25 people now for our Mexico and Latin America operations, and we will probably finish the year around 30 would be a rough guess. Milton has a heart attack every time we add people, but we do need to add a few more people. We hope to open an office and have a physical presence in Brazil by the end of the year. In terms of the—well, let me make another comment on resources. We are partnered, for instance, in Mexico with G.E. Real Estate. G.E. Real Estate has over 30 professionals in Mexico City, and we leverage their expertise and their 20 years of experience in Mexico as well as our own folks. So we think we’re pretty well covered, and between the two firms, we hope we know what we’re doing in those markets, and we have lots of experience. In terms of risk, there’s obviously political risk in Latin America. Mexico came close to electing a very leftist presidential candidate, which could have caused some turmoil. But as Jack Welch used to tell us that G.E. Mexico was the 51st state in many ways, and it’s not going backwards. There’s an enormous economy down there. It’s doing quite well. It has the natural resources like oil. It has a labor cost advantage that’s absolutely amazing. We also have interest in about 10 million square feel of industrial space now in Mexico and more than 70 net lease buildings, and we are 98% occupied, and things are going very well on the industrial front in Mexico. So I think the economy’s fine and not a major risk. They do have their share of problems, everything from crime to drug, and they need a lot of reforms in the legal system, all of which are somewhat at risk. And then as you go farther south into Brazil, for instance, Brazil has an interesting lease law that says any tenant can cancel any lease on 90 days’ notice, so that makes for an interesting risk as you underwrite an income-producing property with leases. So there’s certainly risk, and we try to offset that by making sure that we get much higher returns. So when we look at these deals, we’re looking for much bigger cushions than we would in the U.S. for issues. But we’re excited about the fact that these places have very growing economies. They’re resource rich. They’re very underserved with retail. Our own tenants from the U.S. are down there, so we can leverage relationships with Walmart and other people as they expand to these countries, so it represents a good opportunity for us notwithstanding the fact that there are risks any time you go outside of the U.S.
Michael Pappagallo: Jake, we’ll take the next question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Now moving onto David Harris, Lehman Brothers.
David Harris – Lehman Brothers: Yes, I can count to two. Dave, just to extend the point on Steve’s question, is it reasonable to assume that your working assumption is as you look at Central and South America, these economies are going to be relatively untouched by the slowdown in the United States over the next year or two and that’s not going to have any ripple effects in terms of property pricing?
Dave Henry: I would never say untouched. Absolutely not because Mexico is, you know, or U.S. is Mexico’s largest trading partner by far, so there will be impacts. I’m saying on a relative basis, they are going to do better than the U.S. on the economy. As I referred to, it’s amazing to me housing is still booming in Mexico with a million-unit shortfall of housing down there, and there’s a growing middle class. And we are not seeing the strains on retailers and local shop space that we see in the U.S., so I think they’re holding up relatively well. And I think countries with strong natural resources like Canada, you’d be amazed what’s going on in Canada, especially the western part of the country where you have the oil sands projects and the energy projects and Quebec with it’s hydropower and so forth. So we think emphasizing countries with strong natural resources, trade surpluses, fiscal surpluses, relatively stable governments, that’s a good place to invest our shareholders’ capital for the time being. If the U.S. becomes very opportunistic, then we’ll be happy to aggressively invest here.
David Harris – Lehman Brothers: Okay. Mike, was there any FX impact in the numbers in the numbers in the quarter and correlate to that, is there any FX impact implied in your guidance for the full year?
Michael Pappagallo: If you look at it, David, over a year-over-year basis and primarily the effect of our Canadian cash flows, which had the most dramatic FX, probably about $1.4 million of increased earnings this quarter versus last due to FX. I do not factor in any further strengthening of foreign currencies to help the numbers in ’08.
David Harris – Lehman Brothers: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And now moving onto Michael Mueller of J.P. Morgan.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan: Yes, hi. With respect to the South America fund, what’s the anticipated split between money invested via development versus acquisition?
Dave Henry: I’m sorry. Which fund did you mention?
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan: The one you’re starting in South America.
Dave Henry: South America? It will be largely development although we have had opportunities to buy existing assets in Chile, but I anticipate Brazil will be largely development, and Chile will be a mix.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan: Okay and second question. Can you just comment on preferred equity pricing these days and just kind of any trends we should be aware of?
Dave Henry: Sure. We, like most lenders, when we put on our lender hat, we’re trying to take advantage of increasing spread. So I’d say our typical preferred equity deal we’ve increased the base preferred return by 100 to 200 basis points, perhaps from 8-ish to 10-ish. And we’re looking for larger pieces of the deal, and we’re looking for things like IRR lookbacks and things like that that we weren’t able to get over the past couple years. A number of our competitors in this business are out of business like Merrill Lynch Capital and Barclay’s Capital and some others that used to compete actively with us, so our pricing has changed as we try to make sure we get well paid for deals today. We jokingly tell all our originators we just want very safe deals with very large profit.
Michael Mueller – J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And now our next question Bridget Adams, Argus Research.
Bridget Adams – Argus Research: Yes, hi. Congratulations on the quarter, and I also would like my condolences …
Barbara Pooley: Bridget, can you speak up a little bit, please?
Bridget Adams – Argus Research: Sure. First of all, I’d like to congratulate you on the quarter and also give you my condolences for the passing of your founder. My first question is as far as—I’m looking at your average rent per leased square foot in Mexico and that versus the U.S. And I would like you to kind of explain the differences between the relationships you have with, you know, the core store, your main store owners like Home Depot in the U.S. versus that in Mexico as far as leasing in concerned? That’s my first question.
Dave Henry: Well, you’re fading in and out a little bit, but the leases are very different in Mexico and the U.S. We’re still able in many cases to get, for instance, percentage rent, and every single lease in Mexico has a full cost-of-living increase. We very rarely get either of those in the U.S. And we get it in Mexico because there’s still a shortage of retail space down there, so developers and property owners have more leverage. It’s going away though. People like Walmart are much less willing to pay percentage rent than in the past, so again, that explains why we’re so anxious to get a lot of these projects completed while the window of opportunity is open. Also similar to the U.S. the local stores or the smaller stores pay much more rent than the anchor tenant, and that’s probably magnified in Mexico because local stores are only 400 square feet whereas the U.S. has 2,000-square-foot local stores. So you’re talking about very small local mom-and-pop stores, and on a per-square-foot basis you can charge a very high rent if you have a good shopping center. In the U.S. the local stores are a little bit larger, and the difference between the anchor tenant and the local tenant is not quite as great.
Bridget Adams – Argus Research: Okay and just as a follow-on, I noticed that most of your Mexican development pipeline is expected to be delivered in 2008, and I was just wondering if you could potentially quantify or estimate the approximate added value it will have on your total portfolio. I think it’s …
Dave Henry: It’s very hard. It’s a moving target. We have an enormous pipeline behind the stuff that we closed and behind the stuff that will be completed late this year and early next year. Common sense tells you though with cap rates declining from 13% to almost 8% now or 8.5% in Mexico, when we developed these shopping centers to a 13% to a 15% unleveraged yield, there’s enormous value creation in these shopping centers.
Bridget Adams – Argus Research: Could you give an estimation at all? I mean it’s just I don’t think that a lot of people consider that in their net asset evaluation.
Dave Henry: It’s very hard because we don’t know how many will be complete in which years and exactly which of our pipeline deals are going to close and how fast they’re going to lease up. If you look back at what we did in Canada, we aggressively bought properties in 2001 and 2002 at an average cap rate of nine and three quarters. Those same properties are worth in the sixes. We also invested $.63 dollars then, and the Canadian dollar’s now up to a dollar, so we did create, hopefully for our shareholders, enormous unrealized gains in Canada. We hope to do the same thing in Mexico.
Bridget Adams – Argus Research: Okay, thank you.
Michael Pappagallo:  Bridget, I guess the best way I would help you look at it is just take a look at our existing projects. We have about 24 projects with about $750 million of aggregate costs.
Bridget Adams – Argus Research: Yes, I see that.
Michael Pappagallo: Our target is 12% to 14% yield. As Dave mentioned, stabilized shopping centers in Mexico are selling south of 10%, and that’d probably give you just a quick—you can do the math to kind of figure what the embedded value creation is at least on the existing projects. As Dave said, the pipeline is a little more difficult.
Bridget Adams – Argus Research: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: David Fick of Stifel Nicolaus will have the next question.
David Fick – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thank you. I was wondering if you could comment a little bit more on where you see retailers today in terms of your distressed retail program: A) What kinds of things are you currently involved in and what do you anticipate going forward and what will your posture be vis-à-vis how aggressive you should be, given the forward economic view? Do you think this is short issue? Is it a long issue and will that change how you approach distressed retail?
Dave Henry: Let me give you a little more detail on 84 Lumber because I think that is right up the strike zone, and I anticipate we’ll see more of this. 84 Lumber is a company with 380 lumber yards, if you will, or lumber stores. And 85% of these stores the company owns outright, so these are not leased locations. So as this company struggles with the housing problem, they needed to recapitalize, and so we took a hard look along with some others at the underlying value of their real estate, and these average sites are eight acres and they’re in some great locations. So our team, given our 20-some offices we have in the United States, we were very quickly able to evaluate these sites and make a very conservative loan at a very high interest yield to us, and that was an opportunistic transaction and we just funded $25 million. We think we’re going to see more of that stuff, and as Milton referred to, you’re also going to see companies that are actually in bankruptcy where we can provide debtor-in-possession financing, exit financing, inventory receivables. We piggyback with our partners that are very good in that business like Schottenstein and G.E. that know how to underwrite the inventory liquidation. We participation in the Levitz going out of business sale. I think—Ray, help me.
Ray:  Sofa Express.
Dave Henry: Sofa Express, things like that. So we anticipate we’re going to have more opportunities to do that, and again, we’re going to try to make sure that these are very safe deals but very rewarding to us in order to justify using our capital for that.
David Fick – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: What is your basic economic assumption if you just take 84 Lumber? And I know you can’t presume here that, you know, they’re going to not survive, but I’ll presume that. There’s so much competition. What are you presuming about alternative use and, you know, the length of period that it would take you to work out this kind of a transaction, assuming they don’t survive?
Ray: Yes, sure. I mean the interesting thing with 84 Lumber is because they’re all owned sites, the carry costs for the properties are very low. For example, on average the real estate tax are $25,000 a year for each property. So when we look at this, we basically value the property only on a land value, and you know, we value it very, you know, conservatively. You can’t sell 325 properties if they were liquidated at once, but you try to say what can you—you know, you value it on a short, you know, almost a liquidation fire sale. And from that valuation we really only, you know, lend 50% to 55% of that, so we get ourselves at a very comfortable position. Additionally, when we do these type of transactions, they’re not pure first mortgages. We also get certain rights with respect to getting information on the company’s operations and things like that. You do a typical first mortgage the only time you find out there’s a problem with the borrower is when they don’t pay the mortgage that month. But we get monthly operating reports and financial statements from the company, so if things are going in the wrong direction, we’ll know, you know, months, you know, three to six months ahead of time, and we’ll be able to react even earlier on that. So it gives it an additional comfort level on our transactions.
Dave Henry: And I think it’s interesting because we’ve teamed up with people like G.E. Capital that are specialized in the inventory and the receivables, and they give us a second lien or subordinate position on the inventory and receivables. And we give them a second mortgage or a subordinate position on our first position on the real estate, so it’s a nice synergy of interests. And so far our track record has been very good in this business.
David Fick – Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Thank you.
Operator: And it looks like we have time for one more question. That will come from Jim Sullivan, Green State Advisors.
Jim Sullivan - Green State Advisors: Thanks, good morning. Linens ‘n Things is one of your bigger tenants. They’ve been in the news quite a bit recently. Can you comment on your outlook for what might happen there?
Dave Henry: Not good.
Ray: Yes, I mean actually I just got an e-mail. I was looking at it a minute ago from one of the bank attorneys saying there were three articles about Linens ‘n Things today, and the rumor mill, you know, is that they, you know, fired counsel and are going to be filing any day, but there’s not assurance of whether that happens or not. But when the bonds about three months ago were trading at $.30 to the dollar, you know, we kind of were concerned about it and actually, you know, working with David Lukes we’re kind of on top of our sites and what we can, you know, do with them if we get them back.
Milton Cooper: Yes, we have monitored that, Jim, very carefully. We’ve analyzed which of the locations have Melville guarantees because you may recall that Linens ‘n Things was once a subsidiary of Melville, which is now CVS. So we have anticipated this and we’re on top of every one of them.
Jim Sullivan - Green State Advisors: Thanks. That’s helpful. I didn’t know that.
Dave Henry: And it’s interesting as we look at our portfolio, for instance, the Canadian Linens ‘n Things stores are extremely strong, and they will probably survive in some part no matter what happens.
Milton Cooper: They will probably not file in Canada.
Ray: That’s what I’m hearing.
Milton Cooper: That’s our impression, yes.
Dave Henry: And the one in the U.S. we have a number of good stores. We don’t expect them to reject those leases. And the ones that they might reject based on their sales per foot, we think we can handle.
Jim Sullivan - Green State Advisors: And then my second question. Milton, earlier you said that what you’re hearing from retailers is that many of them are having their greatest challenges in some of the housing bust markets. You cited Florida, I think Nevada, Arizona and Southern California. Is there a direct correlation with what you’re hearing from retailers with respect to the operating performance of your own portfolio? Are those the markets where you’re having the toughest time maintaining occupancy and pushing rents?
Milton Cooper: I’m going to ask David to answer that. David?
David Lukes:  Yes, I think there’s a certainly a direct correlation between where the retailers are having trouble and where we start to see occupancy declines. If you start from the premise that the report card is the tenant sales and that the rent growth is a function of how their sales are growing, you know, we’re hard pressed to see rents escalating when their sales are declining. So the areas that had a housing exposure like the ones you just mentioned are also the ones this last quarter that we had the most vacates. What’s interesting is that when you look at the vacates on two areas of the country that we had the most occupancy change to the negative, which is the Southeast and the Southwest, one of those markets, the Southeast, was primarily junior anchors, and the other market, the Southwest, was primary shop spaces. So I think what’s going to be something we’re looking heavily on the next few quarters is what is driving each individual submarket and what can we do to change our marketing and make sure we’re doing all we can to keep our occupancy afloat. And some of that might just be changing the tenant mix in the center so it’s, you know, less oriented towards carpet stores, flooring, furniture and more geared towards the long-term demographic trends, you know, like pharmacy and discount apparel so certainly a correlation, and we’re trying to keep a very close eye on it.
Jim Sullivan - Green State Advisors: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I’ll turn the call back over to your hosts for closing remarks.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks, everybody, for participating today. Just as a reminder, our supplemental is on our website www.kimcorealty.com. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: And once again that does conclude your conference for today. Everyone, please have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Pooley - VP of IR Milton Cooper - Chairman and CEO Dave Henry - CIO Mike Flynn - Vice Chairman and President Mike Pappagallo - CFO David Lukes - EVP
Analysts: Christine McElroy - Banc of America Dave Fick - Stifel Nicolaus Christeen Kim - Deutsche Bank Ambika Goel - Citigroup Michael Mueller - JP Morgan Thomas Baldwin - Goldman Sachs Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Jeffrey Spector - UBS Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch Steven Rodriguez - Lehman Brothers Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Kimco's fourth quarter Earnings Call. Please be aware that today's conference is being recorded. As a reminder, our lines are in a muted status to prevent background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a formal question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) At this time, it is my pleasure to introduce today's speaker, Ms. Barbara Pooley. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Barbara Pooley: Thank you, Anthony. Thank you all for joining the fourth quarter 2007 Kimco earnings call. With me in the call this morning are Milton Cooper, Chairman and CEO; Dave Henry, Chief Investment Officer; Mike Flynn, Vice Chairman and President; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Financial Officer; and David Lukes, Executive Vice President. Other key executives are also available to take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. As a reminder, statements made during the course of this call represent the company and management's hope, intentions, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future which are forward-looking statements. It is important to note that the company's actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SEC filings. During this presentation, management may make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors better understand Kimco's operating results. Examples include but are not limited to funds from operations and net operating income. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures are also available on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call, we request that you respect the limit of two questions with appropriate follow-up, so that all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel free to return to the queue if you have additional questions. I'll now turn the call over to Mike Pappagallo.
Mike Pappagallo: Thank you, Barbara, and good morning. As unsettling of feeling as we had during the third quarter earning season with the industry reporting good earnings in the face of a nasty credit market and investors running for the hills, the last three months have created even more heartburn as stock prices has decoupled from all reasonable estimates of asset value. The Kimco team like all REIT management has another challenge to deal with. To not allow an avalanche of negative sentiment and the piling on effects of bad news and its effect on stock prices to distract us from pursing our strategies for long-term growth and value. For sure, the current market and economic conditions are not good and wants skillful navigation, which compels us to use our flexible business model for maximum advantage. At this juncture, we continue to be focused primarily on protecting and maximizing cash flow from existing assets, maintaining balance sheets flexibility and carefully evaluating opportunities, so as to allocate our investment dollars to capture returns that compensate us for an increasing risk premium attached to our capital costs. First, some comments on 2007. It was an outstanding year from a financial and operational standpoint as evidenced by growth and our investment platforms in both the US and Mexico, and capturing handsome profits in our capital services business. We finished the year as expected with a 17% year-over-year increase in FFO per share to $2.59, which is at the upper range of guidance provided to the investment and analyst community throughout much of 2007 and at the full-year consensus. With respect to some of the notes this morning about the fourth quarter consensus mix, I just wanted to point out the difference between $2.59 and the nine-month FFO of $2.06 comes to $0.53. It is unfortunate that the first [quarter $0.45] is mathematically challenged. Acquisition volume excluding transfer of the money between Kimco and the joint venture has exceeded $2.2 billion. We started 10 new Mexican developments with an estimated project cost of $275 million as well as 11 US projects with an estimated cost of $225 million. Like the rest of the market, our US activity was skewed to the first half of the year, whereas the Mexico investment program continued at an even pace throughout the year. As to our current focus, allow me to comment further on each of the three areas I mentioned a minute ago. First, with respect to our existing asset base, I would underscore the stability in quality of the portfolio. Occupancy closed the year at 96.3%, internal growth for the quarter was 4.1% representing the eight quarter in a row of 4% of better same store growth, spread on new leases for the quarter was over 23% and when combined with renewals showed growth of over 13%. We'd be kidding ourselves to pretend that a recession in the US will not have an affect on portfolio occupancy and rollover, but we feel it will be limited because of the quality and diversity of that portfolio and generally below market grant positions. Another reason to be confident that we can withstand economic stress in the US is the balance sheet flexibility and liquidity we have in place, resulting from the actions taken over the past few months to extend our various credit facility and bolster our equity base with the new preferred stock series. But also benefiting from the actions taken over the past few years to space out debt maturities on both the Kimco balance sheet as well as our joint ventures and fund programs. Our annual debt maturities, as a percentage of total debt outstanding range between 8% and 11% per year over the next three years, which includes the pro rata portion of the debt in our joint ventures, also, the maturating debt that is of the non-recourse mortgage variety. The loan-to-value of the mortgage is to be refinanced are only about 45%, giving us further confidence of the ability to access external capital even if the CNBS market remains in a deep freeze during an extended period of time. And the final point, using the liquidity to invest wisely and opportunistically will require us to be both patient and move quickly at the same time. We feel very confident about our ability of our portfolio and our recurring management fee stream to withstand its downturn. We're also encouraged by our non-US business activity and potential. We're patient and discipline will be required as in the core asset-oriented investment funds in the US as well as ground-up development. Countering that are the opportunities in new investments in prepriced debt and equity, where we can use our experience and relationships to evaluate the long-term value of the underlying assets or business and to move quickly to capitalize on any mispricing. Finally, at the 2008 earnings guidance, we previously offered a range of $2.70 to $2.78 per share representing an increase of between 4% and 7% and we are maintaining those estimates. As always, the variable is a nature and extended transactional activity mostly in our capital services business. We recognize that our estimate always contemplates the realization of embedded value in our asset base, in retailer services Kimco Select and Preferred Equity and other trading activity. A dramatic example this past year included $78 million contribution to FFO from our investment in Albertson's or almost $0.30 per share, which was significantly more than we expected from the first year of this investment. Recognizing that the earnings growth comes from the combination of our in-place shopping center holdings, funds management, new business generation, profits from merchant building and the capital services business, we had outlined each of the major assumptions in our earnings press release that build to this estimate essentially breaking down the EBITDA components between the major sources with relative contributions from in-place cash flow streams versus new business generation and other transactional activity. Regardless of our new business and transaction related activities pan out, I'm particularly confident by the fact that what flows from our in-place asset base well exceeds what's required lets pay our dividend and to continue to grow at overtime. Our business is truly structured towards once called Income Plus and we have every confidence that with our access to capital relationships and track record that profitable new business generation will continue. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
Dave Henry: Thanks, Mike. Before reviewing some of our new business accomplishments during the quarter, I'd like to take a minute and expand on one of Mike's themes, the relative stability of the net operating income of neighborhood and community shopping centers. With darkening economic clouds, analysts and investors are focused on retail as being particularly vulnerable to a slowdown in consumer spending. We are asked with great frequency about signs of retail weakness and associated cash flows. As someone who has spent most of his career lending and investing all types of real estate properties and geographic areas, I sincerely believe that neighborhood and community shopping centers represent an attractive defensive property type during economic downturns. With relatively long leases and what Milton likes to say bond-like characteristics, shopping centers are relatively well positioned in tough times. Hotels have to lease up every knife. Self-storage customer average four months. Apartments have 12 months leases and suburban office and industrial tenants generally have intermediate term leases of five to ten years. On the shopping centers side, anchor tenants signed 15 to 20 year leases with multiple options and annual rollover is usually only 3% to 5% of the portfolio. In our case, we have closed the 14,000 leases with an average remaining lease term of 7 years without options and 22 years including options. Approximately 70% of our tenants by square footage are regional or national companies. Home Depot, our largest tenant and many others have strong balance sheets and will continue to pay rent regardless of a decline in their same-store sales. In our portfolio, we are also heavily focused on neighborhood and community shopping centers or big-box discount centers, where our tenants tend to sell basic goods and services. The local grocery store, drug store, barber shop, pizza parlor, drycleaner, regional banks, Starbucks and Delhaize will all perform relatively better than high end merchants of luxury goods in an economic downturn. On Tuesday, this week, the New York Times published the front page article, which highlighted this concept by saying “The return to realty is on vivid display at shopping centers, where consumers used to trading up to higher priced stores are now heading to discounters. Wal-Mart and T.J. Maxx are thriving but business has slowed at Coach, Tiffany and Williams-Sonoma". Today's Wall Street Journal also chimed in by saying "some retailers are expected to fare better than others discounters, wholesale clubs and off-price retailers should outperform as consumer seek bargains". At Kimco, our tenants are largely in the business of selling staples and are oriented to local neighborhoods and trade areas. While, not immune from the effects of a possible recession, Kimco enters this downturn with record portfolio of occupancy, long leases with many below markets rents and a focus on neighborhood and discount retail tenants, which will all stand us in good stead. It is also worth mentioning that less than 5% of our FFO is related to our merchant building activities in KDI. Turning to new business, we are very excited about our new strategic alliance with Valad Property Group in Australia. The company is a blue chip organization, which is significantly undervalued and quite frankly unappreciated due to the very public problems swirling around Centro. Number two, our joint venture with RioCan in Canada in 2001, we are joining forces with a high quality firm in a new international market that what we believe is an opportune time. Like Canada and Mexico, we like the long term prospects of quality real estate in Australia and we particularly like the funds management business, which has successfully grown. Kimco has a long record of investing in the debt and equity of public companies, which are also our joint venture partners. In Canada, in addition to our RioCan equity investment, we have purchased convertible debt and/or equity in other public platforms such as Plazacorp, Sterling Centrecorp and Whiterock. In Mexico, we continue to have an equity interest in the formally public company, G. Accion. In our new Valad partnership, we see a terrific opportunity to accelerate our assets under management by teaming up with their fund's management platforms in both Australia and the UK. As we move towards the commingled funds model ourselves, we have much to learn from Valad, which has successfully introduced many value add and Core Plus Funds across the world. With our emphasis on the US, Canada and Latin America and with Valad's focus on Europe and Asia, we believe there is a wonderful opportunity to cross-sell fund products and form relationships with new investment partners. The Valad team is first class and the company was a terrific customer of GE Real Estate while I was there. Two members of GE Real Estate Australian office in 2000 are now Senior Executives of Valad and I strongly believe our organizations will work well together and enhance our respective business models. We are committed to truly making this a great deal for both Valad and Kimco. In Mexico, our strong momentum continues and we had a record number of closings during the quarter. It is great to see the local operating partnerships we have formed over the past six years, delivering opportunities across the board. As we've previously mentioned, retail in Mexico is largely at development opportunity due to the lack of existing high quality shopping centers. As such, it has taken us years to form the right relationships with tenants, local development partners and land owners. We are now seeing these relationships deliver real results and FFO income. Across Mexico, we now own equity interest in a 140 properties comprising 21 million square feet. While competition is coming, we continue to feel very good about our head start and our strong pipeline. As a final new business comment, I'd like to point to Kimco Select, Kimco Retailer Services and Kimco Preferred Equity as businesses that should benefit from additional opportunities if the economy slows substantially. In preferred equity, we are already seeing better pricing and more opportunities as some of the traditional mezzanine competitors drop out of the market. In retailer services, our recent investments albeit modest and the bankruptcies of Levitz and Sofa Express illustrate the types of opportunities that may arise for us if major retailers have increasing difficulties. Kimco has a long track record of being opportunistic in difficult times and we have the experience and expertise in the bankruptcy process to successfully underwrite these opportunities. Thank you. And now I would like to turn to Milton.
Milton Cooper: Well, thanks, Dave. I will be very, very brief. Notwithstanding with current credit prices and problems in the banking systems, there is substantial liquidity worldwide and there is substantial demand for hot assets. It is my view that this liquidity coupled with long, relatively low long-term interest rates will keep cap rates low for quality assets. I also believe that these disconnect between the market price of REIT shares and the underlying value of the real estate that REITs owned cannot continue forever. Two other comments. We were successful in establishing Mexico Land Fund which was very well received by investors. We have launched a fund to invest in real estate in Latin America other than Mexico, and this also is being very well received. Secondly, I am delighted that we will be establishing a strategic relationship with Valad. We have enormous respect for Steve Day and I've always said that if I give you a $1 and you give me a $1, we each at the end of the transaction have $1. But if I give you an idea and you give me an idea at the end the exchange, we each have two ideas. And so it will be with Steve in Valad and Kimco. And I think good things will come. And finally, the current economic environment, I was a child in the great depression and it always pains me on a personal level to see unemployment and the difficulties. On the other hand, we have been through many cycles and have always done well in times of stress. We have the liquidity and talent to seize opportunities and I am confident we will continue to deliver the goods. Now, if you let us know what's on your mind, we'll be happy to respond. 
Barbara Pooley: Operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Christine McElroy with Bank of America.
Christine McElroy - Bank of America: Dave, you talked about the defensive nature of the shopping centers, but just with regard to small shops, have you had or do you expect an up tick in store closings and bankruptcies in some of the local or regional tenants, those that are less well capitalized?
Dave Henry: Well, we're certainly starting with a record occupancy for us, 96% plus. And we haven't seen it yet in either delinquencies or bankruptcies or shop closings. But I would expect from a common sense perspective, if the recession grows then we will see some of that, but right now, we have not seen it.
Christine McElroy - Bank of America: Okay. And then, just on your development pipeline. Can you talk about your future pipeline, do you see your pace of development activity changing over the next few years? And have there been any changes in your views on where to develop and what types of centers to build?
Dave Henry: Well, in terms of our current pipeline, it's fair to say it is significantly slower than it was at this time last year. We're screening opportunities a little more selectively. We're staying away from some of the larger mixed used projects whether dependent upon a residential developer, and in effect, we're going back to some of the basics. So, I'd say in all fairness our pipeline is significantly less than it was this time last year. Most of our development right now is in Latin America, Mexico. We continue to see great opportunities with wonderful partners. And I expect in 2008, our development activity will grow in Mexico and it will drop in the US.
Christine McElroy - Bank of America: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nathan Isbee with Stifel Nicolaus.
Dave Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, it's Dave Fick here with Nathan Isbee. David, we had a chance of (inaudible) on the last call and obviously very interesting investment for you with a very high yield. Can you talk a little more about their intent to use the proceeds beyond initially just paying down debt?
Dave Henry: Well, David exactly initially they will pay down the debt. And then they will redraw that overtime to meet their own capital budget needs. For us, it's more than just what we think is a good investment in a good company that's been beaten down because of the Centro controversy. We truly believe that marrying up with them and teaming up with them in the funds management, that we can both enhance each other. They have investors that we don't have. We have investors they don’t have. They have funds, and commingled, and joint venture opportunities that we don't see and vice versa.  So, we are accelerating our plans to work with them. We've been talking with them for quite a while and we really feel that, long-term, both of our successes are tied to the funds management business. It will help grow our assets under management worldwide by teaming up with them. And in many cases, I was very serious they are ahead of us in some of their fund products. And so, we're excited about this opportunity and they are very good people that I've known for a long-time and we're going to make this work on both sides.
Dave Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Great, thank you. The reserve you took on the two preferred equity investments, can you walk through those and also discuss anything else that you might have on your watch list there?
Mike Pappagallo: David, actually those reserves were part of our retailer services businesses, which essentially is just our compliment of mortgages and the debt component of our marketable securities. And for us it was just a reevaluation knowing that there are sub economic times here of providing some reserves against potential uncollectability. Certainly I’m not implying that there are problems in the portfolio. But it certainly made sense with what's ahead of us to establish some reserves for accounts, treating it like a financing portfolio, which is what it is. And just for the other question, there is another reserve on the operating statement, which relates specifically to our development business. And again we're evaluating and reevaluating the timeframes for the completed development. We took a look at some of the non-retail components of some of our larger programs. We did an evaluation of recoverability and in few cases we decided to prudently take reserve, recognizing that the timing and extent of some of these projects were going to dry out longer than anticipated. But really that was the long and short a bit, trying to acknowledge that there are going to be some tough economic times and that we really needed to review all of our assets conservatively, evaluate them for full collectability and recoverability.
Dave Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Do you anticipate readdressing and adjusting those reserves on a quarterly basis? And are there any development projects where you might have abandoned the majorities at some point?
Dave Henry: The evaluation process is something which is integral to our controlled framework that we've been doing every quarter. So, at this point we feel we are in a good spot relative to our evaluation. But because of that very point, David, we will continue to evaluate. We'll monitor all of our projects in our financing assets and if we see that there is additional reserves that are required, we'll take them, we'll disclose them. But I certainly don't see any material issues there. We are not abandoning any development projects. We are just taking a fresh look at all of our underlying assumptions in terms of length, and carry cost, and profitability, of non-retail components from residential developers, and the like, and just reassessing the carrying cost.
Dave Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Right. Last question, do you anticipate given the current environment being able to perhaps step up your opportunistic lending business?
Dave Henry: Yes, we do, David and we're already seeing that the number of inquiries have ramped up greatly, and some of our competition that quite frankly, we [lost view] to over the last couple of years. They are not in the market right now. So, not only do we think we are going to get better pricing. We think we are going to see more opportunities this coming year.
Dave Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christeen Kim with Deutsche Bank.
Christeen Kim - Deutsche Bank: Hey, good morning. Going back to the development pipeline, I mean based on the progress you are making by the end of 2009, 2010, could it be almost completely Mexico, maybe some sprinklings of Chile and Brazil, and almost no US?
Dave Henry: No. I don't think that's the case. We still have wonderful joint venture partners across the country that continues to show us opportunities and we will do them selectively. We are taking a harder look at development yield. But in general, these yield are still have a nice margin, if you can develop to a 9% to 10% and still sell the centers at 7%, you've got a nice built-in margin. And we're just going to careful that these projects are largely pre-leased and relatively simple projects. But we like the business, we're committed to the business and we anticipate that KDI will continue to be a very important part of our business model.
Christeen Kim - Deutsche Bank: Are the 12% to 16% yields in Mexico pretty sustainable for the next few years or so?
Dave Henry: Well, the 16%, probably a little high today. I'd say in most of the new projects we’re approving, the unleveraged development yield is somewhere between 12% and 14%.
Christeen Kim - Deutsche Bank: Great. And then, last question David, you mentioned that on Valad, they are already ahead of you guys in some of their fund products. Could you maybe speak about what they are doing differently from what you are doing now?
Dave Henry: Well, as a very general comment, we have emphasized core real estate in our joint venture and our funds. We've bought stabilized properties on behalf of investors like Prudential and NGE and others. What Valad has focused on is what the market wants today, which is value-added funds, development funds, opportunities to make higher returns. We have started down that path ourselves with the Mexican land fund and some of the other commingled funds we're introducing. But when I say, they are ahead of us, are only to the extent that they have developed these value-added products and higher returns real estate products for years now. And they have the investors already for those funds, we're just entering that.
Christeen Kim - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Litt with Citigroup.
Ambika Goel - Citigroup: Hi, this is Ambika with Jon. Can you comment on a demand for core product? Last time we spoke, you mentioned that there is a lot of liquidity but it's currently on the sidelines, are you seeing more a pickup in that demand?
Dave Henry: It's mix. I think it's fair to say that, in general, the core buyer has slowed down. Many investors that were active and very strong buyers of core real estate are on the sidelines and waiting to see which way cap rates are going to go. There is a general concern that the cap rates will move up and mark-to-market problems. So we do have investors that have told us for the time being, on the core side, that they are on the sidelines. Having said that, we have sold some of our KDI projects recently to core buyers, so we know they are out there. CalSTRS, for example, bought one of our projects recently. So we know that there are core buyers out there and cap rates on first class product continue to be in the sixes. That's for sure. But I think it's also fair to say that core real estate doesn't hold tremendous appeal on a lower returns of core real estate, don't hold tremendous appeal ahead over the last couple of years.
Ambika Goel - Citigroup: Okay. Great. And then given the condition in the current market, could we see investments like the Valad investment in other regions and could you specify what other regions you are looking at? 
Dave Henry: Well, obviously, we have invested across the board and we continue to like being opportunistic and working with good companies, whether they are public or private. So we'll certainly look for these kind of opportunities. To-date we have stayed in the Americas, Canada, and South America, and Latin America. Australia is a new territory for us. Europe remains intriguing to some respects. We are not quite ready to go to India or China or anything like that, but we'll look over time.
Ambika Goel - Citigroup: Can you talk a little further about what exactly is a looking appealing in Europe? Yes that's the thing.
Dave Henry: Well, as everybody has followed that the UK and other markets have had a severe price adjustment in terms of real estate and public companies that own real estate. So by definition, Europe has become more intriguing there was perhaps six months ago.
Ambika Goel - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Mueller with JP Morgan.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan: I have a couple of numbers questions. First, Mike, I was wondering looking at the interest dividend and the other income line that went close to zero this quarter, what happened sequentially?
Mike Pappagallo: The primary reason there is that we have no marketable security gains, and some other reserves that I have alluded to before are placed in that category at that line item. So it kind of brought that down to virtually a nil result for this quarter, versus sequential prior quarter in last year's quarter.
Michael Mueller - JP Morgan: Okay. And then I know you are breaking guidance out in terms of in-place and then incremental business, can you put it in terms of Kimco capital services as a whole and just in 2007 KCS did ‘x’ millions of dollars, and we're looking at a range of extra ‘y’ or something for 2008, is it possible to break it out that way?
Mike Pappagallo: I'll break it out in too much detail. We'll probably go past the hour, I'm only paying for an hour over here, but I guess in looking at Kimco capital services, it really encompasses those three primary businesses, and incorporates both recurring income flow as well as the transactional related activity. You are really probably talking in total on an EBITDA basis about $250 million of the $1 billion of EBITDA. And as you look into 2008, there will be an increase, but it will be shifted much more towards the recurring flow as opposed to the transactional. I think one of the things, we pointed out in the guidance range is that the comparable number for our new business and transaction related activities is slightly lower in 2008 than we had planned, that we had showed for 2007. And the shift is that we are getting more flow in that Kimco Capital Services business, primarily because of the In-Town Suites transaction and the Triple Net lease portfolio transaction that we had closed during the summer of 2007. So, there is certainly an increase overall. But there is a shift from transactions to recurring. And that's not to say the transactional activity is not insignificant because we've laid it all out in the press release. But we're definitely shifting towards the recurring path even in the KCS business.
Michael Mueller - J.P. Morgan: Okay, that's really helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Thomas Baldwin] with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Baldwin - Goldman Sachs: Good morning guys. Overall acquisitions trended downwards over the course of 2007. Can we expect volume to tick back up in 2008 or is it safe to say that given the challenges in the market, acquisitions volumes both for your investment management programs as well as for the operating portfolio will be substantially lower this year than last year.
Dave Henry: Well, it's certainly early. But if we look at activity today it will be significantly lower than what we've accomplished last year. Very early last year, we closed the Crow portfolio so that within in our numbers for last year, even though that was really a 2006 transaction. So, I'd anticipate the market continues to be a little frozen with sellers wanting yesterday's cap rates and buyers wanting tomorrow's cap rates, and the difficulty in the debt markets and so forth. I think the number of transactions will be a lot less. And on the institutional side, they are still trying to figure out exactly the level of volume they want. So, at least based on our current institutional partnerships, we'd anticipate a lower level of acquisition volume, and I think Mike's probably dialed in at the lower end.
Mike Pappagallo: Yeah. I made a comment in the last conference call that the look of the new business generation is probably going to be very different in 2008 than it was in 2007, and just using the example of the part of the large transaction with the dollars out, mainly the convertible instrument that we funded, that's 200 million Australian. That's going to be I think a little bit more typical at least for the next few months of the type of investment profile that we see and not the aggregation of traditional core product for our investment management programs and the like. But today's point it is still early. There are a lot of things that are going on across all of our business activity, and as we sit here a year from now the profile may be very different than even I'm thinking about now. Clearly in the short-term, you are not going to see a lot of what we call the bread and butter core acquisition for our core fund programs.
Thomas Baldwin - Goldman Sachs: Thanks Mike. Thanks, Dave. One more question you guys mentioned on the call that only about 5% of your FFO comes from merchant building. But, as I look at your supplemental, it looks like your current development pipeline is pretty heavily weighted towards merchant building. Can you talk about the decision making process surrounding developing for your operating portfolio versus developing on a merchant building basis, and whether the market, in terms of demand doesn't meet your expectations? Whether there would be a willingness to take some of that merchant building product and contribute it to your operating portfolio?
Dave Henry: It's really rather simple. In the US, our KDI business model is a merchant building business model. That’s the only thing that has changed a little bit as we've looked at some of those projects and sold them into some of our joint ventures, that we have with institutional partners. But in general, these are joint venture partnerships with local developers that are built on a merchant building basis. So when they are finished they are sold, win, lose or draw. They are sold and the only thing that's changing is some of the better projects, where we can negotiate and buyout our partner at a good price. Then, we will spin them into some of our longer-term joint ventures, so that we get both building the development gain, if you will, as well as keep the asset long-term under an asset management basis. In Mexico it's really a build and hold strategy. We do not intend to sell our properties there. We like the FFO income and as we've pointed out before, the leases in Mexico have the upside of cost of living increases. They have percentage of rent, things that we don't have in the US, which is a much flatter income stream. For now, I think that the KDI model is still a merchant build model and Mexico is a build and hold.
Mike Pappagallo:  It is possible that if we view development as a much longer process, we may create a development fund for investors, whose timeframe will be much longer, that's one of the things that will constantly explore and modify as the circumstances require.
Thomas Baldwin - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much for that color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Donnelly with Wachovia.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: Good morning, guys. I guess a question actually for Dave and Milton on capital allocation, I'd love to hear from both of you on it and how you think about real estate returns? I guess from my perspective, there has been somewhat of a long standing difference of opinion between the two of you around how you guys think about cap rate. So I think Milton in the past has said that he felt that the industry would be low borrowing cost, and it continues to plays down with pressure on cap rates. And Dave, I think you always kind of felt real estate retains in cyclical trades. How have your views changed and what is driving your capital allocation decision right now? How are you guys thinking about allocating money, given that in the past you've had different views?
Milton Cooper: I guess if you start with the premise that my job is to invest, many people trust us with it as spreads of the cost of capital. If particularly if we feel that cap rate will not substantially increase and that there won't be that spread, what we have done is we've shifted to being an investor manager, with a combination of the fees and the return in excess of our cost of capital. So, I think that Dave and I really are on the same page on that. And then what we're doing in allocating capital, if we can find equity yields, is putting debt instruments where the underlying real estate is, and we can invest at yields in the teams. We're seeking those too. So we're going to be fast with our footwork, and real estate can take all different forms. Dave?
Dave Henry: Jeff, we are in treated agreement that in the future because of our cost of capital, I mean we're 70% equity, only 30% debt. We have to manage money for other institutions that have a lower cost of capital. Some of those institutions may want core stabilized shopping centers at today's cap rate, and we will do our very best to find the very best properties for them and manage them, and try to increase that income. Others may want higher yielding products, as Milton mentioned, possibly even development, and we will try to form funds in joint ventures for those institutions. But we're both very much agreed, notwithstanding where the cycles go, notwithstanding where the cap rates go in the credit market, that our long-term business is managing other people's money.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: I guess a follow-up to that. I would have expected, Dave, in this environment, you guys might have announced plans to maybe explore a large fund focused on assisting distressed retailers, as some of you have done in the past, or over leveraged retailers which maybe is your preferred equity business. Is it the right time for trying to do a specialized vehicle like that, and how deep is the interest in that niche right now?
Dave Henry: Well, historically, we've made so much money in those distressed opportunities, including Albertsons that we prefer to keep those for our own shareholders. Longer term, yes, we might look at something like that, but we've done such a good job making money for our shareholders in those very much distressed situations, and they are such higher yielding products that for now we are going to do that for our shareholders.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: A question for Mike, retailers are voluntarily and involuntarily rationalizing their existing store base. Can you give us little more detail on what your expectations are for occupancy lease termination fee income and maybe bad debt expense for 2008 versus 2007?
Mike Pappagallo: At this point and looking at the projections for 2008, we just can't look at it from an occupancy and same-store growth perspective. And so, the same-store growth that we are expecting at above 4% incorporates what may happen in terms of some small retailers shifting out or rolling out, and the down type of potentially putting new ones in. So our occupancy level does not appreciate really at all. And in fact the organic growth of the same-store growth is due to leases that already been signed up. And it just the question of either started, or will be started soon, for reasonable expectations on what the rollover is and the renewal rates. So there is nothing terribly significant with respect to our expectations of the future either for good or for bad because a lot of what 2008 is all about, is already been somewhat accounted for.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: Do you know modeling deterioration in your occupancy; you had loss of tenants per se?
Mike Pappagallo: No. I mean, there is always going to be expectations of tenants leaving and the down time. And along the margin, we have increased the amount of downtime in terms of that rollover. But we're not expecting any significant deterioration in occupancy or declines in rents. Because remember Jeff, I mean, as a basic principle, most of the rents that are rolling over our home market, and it always been that shock absorber, that cushion, dynamic, that we and others in the neighborhood and community shopping centers sector have experienced. So, that's why we feel confident that we're not going to take any sort of significant hit on our portfolio even if there is downturn, we built in those expectations and we still feel pretty good about where our growth trend is going to be for 2008 on the core portfolio.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia: Thanks, guys.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Jeffrey Spector with UBS.
Jeffrey Spector - UBS: Good morning. Dave you mentioned the cap rates for first quality product is in the six digits. It seems a little high according to the transactions I've seen. Can you comment on that a little further? And then I guess, just give us a feel for how far that cap rate has moved from peak pricing?
Dave Henry: Well, I think it's fair to say cap rates have moved even for the highest quality. But we've seen transactions closed at in the lower six levels. We've sold them ourselves and we compete for high quality properties. It is fair to say that the total number of transactions, the volume of transactions has gone way down. I mentioned the CalSTRS sale we recently did that was in Boise, Idaho in the low sixes. So in first class retail it's selling in the low sixes at Boise, Idaho, that still gives us some confidence that there are core buyers at these lower cap rates. We don't know what tomorrow will bring, and it's fair to say that the debt markets are in turmoil and people are having trouble borrowing, so that may have an impact. But for now we can't tell you that cap rates have increased substantially on first class real estates, we haven't seen it.
Jeffrey Spector - UBS: Okay that helps thanks. And then can you talk a little bit more about Canada?
Dave Henry: Sure, Canada it remains a country in which we want to continue to invest capital for the long-term and in ways, it's much stronger than the US. They've a surplus, they've a trading surplus. They have a relatively strong economy. The only thing that's hurting them a little bit today is their strong Canadian dollar, which is what hurts their exports a little bit. But their markets especially in retail are very strong with high occupancy. The RioCan portfolio was about 99% occupied. We've had great rent growth up there. We've got some strong relationships and strong joint venture partners. We announced going over 10% equity ownership in Plazacorp. We like those people a lot, and are looking at actively looking at deals with them as well as Sandalwood and some others. So, we continue to look opportunistically. Their credit markets have changed a bit. Their CMBS market has totally disappeared, its rather amazing. So, that should lead to some opportunities for us. We have an office there, we have people there, and our job is to find some opportunities to continue to put money in Canada.
Jeffrey Spector - UBS: Great.
Dave Henry: It's a long-term market for us.
Jeffrey Spector - UBS: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with Merrill Lynch.
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good morning. Dave, could you just elaborate a little bit more on sort of the Valad acquisition and sort of maybe how it came about timing. Who approached whom and how much due diligence did you really get to do before you decided to make investment?
Dave Henry: Okay. Well, it goes back 10 or 11 years, when Steve Day and Valad were customers of mine at GE, and they were our largest customer for a period of time in Australia. And our transactions were very successful and very profitable to GE. We did participating loans with them and they bought B office buildings in Sydney and other markets, and created value by making them A buildings over time. About three years ago, I ran into Steve Day in London at a UBS conference. We started talking. We bought a few shares of Valad and I expressed our interest in maybe doing something bigger with him overtime. Milton and I both talked to Steve about a year ago at the City Corp conference in Florida, and I think we both continued to get comfortable with them and also expressed the desire to do something with them a year ago. In December, this was after the Centro situation, and their stock had been fumbled. Steve didn't reach out to me and we started talking about a possible transaction. That's how it came about. In terms of due diligence, we did quite an extensive amount of due diligence and we sincerely believe the company is undervalued in many respects and we are very comfortable with our debt instrument and the upside probability embedded in the conversion feature, and an added plus is the fact that we are going to learn together and grow together on our commingled funds business. For me, it's a wonderful opportunity to get back together again with a good customer, who really knows what he is doing in a good international market. I mean, Australia is very similar to Canada. It's a resource rich country with good economic long-term prospects, landlord friendly laws, English speaking, so forth. So, it's a good country for us to go to.
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. I guess from an evaluation standpoint it looks like a very good deal for you. I guess, the question from their point is can they put that money to work accretively over time? I guess, time will tell?
Milton Cooper: Don't be fooled by the 9.5% interest rate too much. Interest rates are a lot higher in Australia. So for them they are not losing that much for paying down some of their short-term debt temporarily, while they look for their for longer term opportunity. They have a business plan and they have a good business plan. The Scarborough acquisition was something quite frankly, that was impressive. They bought a money management business managed towards Europe and the UK with many existing institutional customers, good customers. They have the products and those customers wanted the value-added products. I saw it when we introduced our Mexican Land Fund, this is what institutional investors and real estate want today. They want a higher yield. They are saying if they are going to stay in real estate, they are willing to take a little more risk, but they want the higher yield. Those are the products that Valad already has. Those are products that we're trying to introduce ourselves.
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. Just a follow-up on a comment that Mike made. It sounds like you are not pursing core acquisitions, but looking for some other potential opportunities, like Valad. Is it fair to say that there are other potentials like this, maybe in the works? And if so, would they be more domestic focused or internationally focused?
Milton Cooper: Let me take a stab at that. We are not exiting the core acquisition market at all. We have a number of good customers and including FCB Bank Group, we continue to look actively for portfolios for them. Europeans look at our cheap dollar and say, “maybe it's not a bad time to buy”. So we do have customers that are looking for core real estate. We just are acknowledging that the level of that activity will be a lot lower than the $6 billion we did in 2006, and so forth. It's reasonable to assume that the level of activity is going to be lower. But it still represents a business for us, we have an acquisition team that's out in the market, we see most things today, and we have some good partners. So that's going to continue to be an activity for us. I think Mike was just commenting that when you see big dollars of our own capital being put to work, it may be more situations like this, even when in our core real estate, or core investment, is a relatively low 15% or so. So we're not putting a lot of our own dollars to work even when we have heavy acquisition of core real estate.
Steve Sakwa - Merrill Lynch: I guess is it fair to assume that other opportunities like this are being pursued or is this really viewed as one-off tight investment?
Milton Cooper: I tried to explain that Valad was very similar to things we've done in the past with RioCan, with G.Accion and others. So we continue to always look for good partners and good deals.
Mike Pappagallo: I don't want to comment. Next question?
Barbara Pooley: We have two more.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Rodriguez with Lehman Brothers.
Steven Rodriguez - Lehman Brothers: Dave, just a follow-up question on Valad. You've mentioned that you've been looking for opportunities that were obviously constraining on Latin America domestically, but are you precluded from looking at any of Valad's concentrations, whether they are in Australia or Europe or anywhere in Asia?
Dave Henry: No, one of the things in addition to sharing institutional investors and products is the idea of co-investing with them. In fact, we are going to look at some co-investment opportunities with them in Australia as well as Europe and some other market. So, yes, we fully intend to use their expertise to look at opportunities in the markets that they have experienced it.
Steven Rodriguez - Lehman Brothers: Is there any one market that you are favoring more, Europe versus Asia? Or it could be either one?
Dave Henry: Well, as we mentioned Australia has intrigued us. It's a good time to invest there, and the UK as well.
Steven Rodriguez - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: And it appears that our final question comes from Jim Sullivan with Green Street Advisors.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: David, with respect to the merchant building business you talked about, developing to 2009, selling in 2007 creating a sizeable margin. With respect to that, when I look at your KDI margin for the quarter its something under 10%, which seems surprisingly low especially since the majority of the proceeds came from neighborhood, I think you said that cap rate was on the low sixes. Can you comment on the margins in KDI for the quarter?
Dave Henry: You have to understand a couple of things, and Mike can jump on me if I don't say I am exactly right. But first of all, ours is a joint venture model. We do not get 100% of the profits. We share those profits with a partner generally 50-50. We get our capital back, we get a preferred return on that capital and then we split the profit. Secondly, these are done in our TRS subsidiary and there are taxes that need to be paid on the gain. So the net amount that actually we book at income may look like a smaller margin, but that doesn't change the fact that these projects are built at 9% plus and being sold at 7% and less.
Mike Pappagallo: I think Dave distinctly summarized the economics of the deal. Its one of the reasons why merchant development is not significantly large contributed to yield, over FFO based. But as Milton suggested earlier, it's a business we still want and like to be in. And we feel that overtime it will continue to add the raw material into our investment management programs. That's our business model.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: And so after your partners, participation after tax is 10% margins? Or what should we expect from what you have in your pipeline today?
Dave Henry:  Now remember the reason we are very comfortable giving half of the profits to a partner. The partner is the guy that finds the opportunity, generally buys the land, carries the land, takes the land through an entitlement process, gets an anchored lease, the lease in place, all before we fund. So, we believe we've much less risk with our joint venture model. Plus we're teaming up with people that have experience and expertise in their local markets. And, we don't believe that we can parachute into Tuscan, Arizona and know all about developing in that market. We much rather team up with somebody, who has been in Tuscan for decades. And so, we like our joint venture model and that's the economics of it at the end of the day.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: My second question relates to your record high occupancy was that something you achieved deliberately in the expectation of a slowing economy. And maybe can you share your philosophy with respect to increasing occupancy versus the alternative perhaps to be more aggressive on rent growth?
Dave Henry: Well, obviously it's an objective across the board for us to have the highest possible occupancy. Vacant space is something that's not producing income. So, we're very focused on it. It is fair to say that we've had some benefit in terms of our occupancy and our record occupancy, by deliberately over the past several years, selling down the bottom part of our portfolio. Historically, we were never particularly good sellers. We thought, we could operate everything ourselves. But beginning two years ago, we intentionally focused on selling the bottom parts of our portfolio and luckily we sold them into a very hot market and we are now seeing the benefit of selling some of our more problem properties that had lower occupancies. They are not in our portfolio anymore. So, we've got a better portfolio with higher occupancy because we've sold some of the bottom half.
Mike Pappagallo: Even if there is any thought that we are somehow giving away space to popup in the occupancy number to make a nice headline, I'd dispel any concern that you might have. Our job here is revenue maximization and that's a combination of getting vacant space leased and trying to get the highest rents possible.
Jim Sullivan - Green Street Advisors: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And it appears we've time for one final question from Rich Moore with RBC Capital Markets.
Rich Moore - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning guys. Actually a quick follow-up to what Jim was asking. Are you offering any concessions for any tenants that are in place currently, not new leases but currently in place? Are they looking for concessions for new guys, I mean, kind of whimpering that it is a tough environment and they like to get something from you?
David Lukes: I think anytime the….
Mike Pappagallo: David Lukes…
David Lukes: Anytime the newspapers say that retail sales are down some of the local retailers call and say my sales are down. So, it's a fairly common event, and it usually happens every time there is news of some submarket type issues. But the reality is, for a landlord to offer concessions for in-place tenants, usually requires that they show you their sales for the last year or two. There has been more requests in the last 60 days than they were in the 60 days prior to that. But when you sort through the real ones they are pretty few and far between. And the only ones where a concession is made in the last 30 days, would be shops that are fairly smallest square footage, and they happened to be in a center that was relying heavily on some housing growth. And as you all know, our portfolio was primarily in matured markets and it's really not very much in the high growth residential market. So, because of that, the shops spaces and the anchors are fairly stable and it tends to be more of an inventorial portfolio than it does new product portfolio.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks.
Dave Henry: I think, we are….
Barbara Pooley: Thanks to everybody for participating today and as a reminder, our supplemental is on our website.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Barbara Pooley - Vice President of Investor Relations Milton Cooper - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dave Henry - Chief Investment Officer Mike Flynn - President and Vice Chairman Mike Pappagallo - Chief Financial Officer David Lukes - Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ambika - Citigroup Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch Matt Ostrower - Morgan Stanley Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse Michael Mueller - JPMorgan David Harris - Lehman Brothers Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus Scott O'Donnell - MetLife
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to theKIMCO's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please be aware today'sconference is being recorded. As a reminder, all lines are muted to preventbackground noise. After the speakers' remarks there be a formalquestion-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). At this time it is my pleasure to introduce today's speakerMr. Barbara Pooley.
Barbara Pooley: Thank you. Thank you all joining third quarter KIMCOearnings call. With me this morning are Milton Cooper, Chairman and ChiefExecutive Officer; Dave Henry, Chief Investment Officer, Mike Flynn, Presidentand Vice Chairman; Mike Pappagallo, Chief Financial Officer; and David Lukes,Executive Vice President. Several other executives are also available to take yourquestions at the conclusion of our prepared remark. As a reminder, statementsmade during the course of this call represent the company and management'shope, intension, beliefs, expectations or projections of the future, which areforward-looking statements. It is important note that the company's actual results coulddiffer materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements.Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materiallyfrom those forward-looking statements is contained in the company's SECfilings. During this presentation, management may make reference tocertain non-GAAP financial measures that we believe help investors betterunderstand KIMCO's operating results. Examples include, but are not limited tooperation in net operating income. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial are alsoavailable on our website. Finally, during the Q&A portion of the call werequest that you respect the limit of two questions with appropriate follow-upso all of our callers have an opportunity to speak with management. Feel freeto return to the queue if you have additional questions. I'll now turn the call over to Mike Pappagallo.
Mike Pappagallo: Thank you Barbara and good morning. It certainly has been aneventful three months in the market, since our last earnings report. Perhaps wehave hope that a few billion dollars writedowns by financial institutions andan accommodating fed will clear the decks and bring a degree of business asusual back into real estate, sales and financing market. But at this point, that's probably is wishful thinking asthere still appear to be more questions than answers including thosesurrounding the health of the consumer. For KIMCO, there were three major themes for the pastquarter. First, building as much liquidity and capital availability aspossible. Focusing on the blocking and tackling of leasing and portfoliomanagement, and also tempering our acquisition pace in light of moreopportunistic transaction that may be available in the future. The liquidity action took various forms, the mostsignificant being the renewal of our credit facility to renew four-year termswith a one-year extension option, and upsizing it from $850 million to $1.5billion. Despite turbulent markets, we were encouraged by thecommitments provided by so many of our relationship banks, such that we wereable to obtain commitments of almost $2 million before we reduced it to thedesired level. And a reduction in the spread pricing to a level of 37.5basis points over LIBOR plus a 12.5% facility fee, and increase the covenantsflexibility was also a positive in light of what is going on in the markets. We also issued a new series of preferred stock for $460million, which allowed us to race a more permanent form of capital to furtherincrease balance sheet flexibility without issues common shares. We also recashed our existing Canadian dollar creditfacility to include a U.S. dollar borrowing option, and in Mexico we're in theprocessing of increasing our peso facility and have begun to place U.S.-stylenon-recourse financing on our complete Mexico developing project to helprecycle capital. Overall we continue to position the balance sheet to captureopportunities in changing markets. With respect to the third quarter operatingresults, FFO per share of $0.57 were $0.02 higher than consensus, and $0.01above last year's third quarter. As you are aware we captured a significant portion of ourtransactional or related activity in the first half of the year, including asignificant Albertson's distribution as well as large profits from themonetization our preferred equity position in Canadian self-storage and ourmixed-use asset in Lower Manhattan. This resulted in a relatively small quarter-over-quarterincrease this go-around, but on year-to-date basis FFO per share is up 26% to$2.50. We have also tightened the full year guidance range to $2.56 to $2.59,which represents a fourth quarter range of between $0.50 to $0.53, and thefactors include timing on merchant building sales currently under contract aswell as a few other transactional items schedule for the last couple of months. Looking past the quarterly variation, the portfolio metricsonce again points a solid execution on asset management strategies. Portfoliofundamentals remain intact as evidence by another increase in occupancy to96.2%; same-site net operating income growth of 4.2%, spreads on new leases of17%, and an overall increase of 12% once factoring in options and renewals. Andwhile there is real concern about the health of the consumer from the stress inthe housing market, we believe that our centers are well positioned towithstand these issues, particularly in California and Florida, the two statesmost closely associated with the subprime mortgage mess. While those states have experienced declines in the value ofhousing, the resiliency of our property type, primarily focused on consumeressentials, and the strong demographics of our locations will mitigate anypotential issues on occupancy or rental rates. As I noted earlier, we have not been as aggressive onpricing in the acquisition market, which has slowed the number of transactionsclosed into our investment vehicles. That said, our management business remainson solid footing, and Dave will highlight some of the initiatives to respond tothe changing landscape. Despite the origination slowdown, the business plans of theexisting asset base continue to move forward. Two properties were sold out ofthe GE venture, one of which was acquired by the KIMCO-SEB partnership, andthose sales generated an additional $6.2 million of promote income to KIMCO. We also continued the disposal of selected assets from theformer Pan Pacific portfolio, with six assets sold in the quarter netting toabout $110 million. KIMCO Developers sold a completed Phase II of a project inTexas, as well as a land plan in Arizona during the quarter, and is well on theway to delivering approximately $25 million in post-tax gains for 2007. The operating businesses of KIMCO Capital Services did notexperience any large single transactional items in the quarter. Although, wedid receive additional distributions from the Albertson's investment, as wellas contributions from the recent investments in the extended-stay hotelportfolio and our structured financing of a net lease portfolio with U.S.realty advisors. Insofar as providing guidance for 2008 earnings per share orFFO per share, I would much prefer to wait a bit longer to flush out timing andextent of transaction volumes, as well as to account for any uncertaintiessurrounding the consumer, but if I didn't say anything, you might read too muchinto it. So for now, I'm providing an FFO range between $2.70 to$2.78. Just for perspective, I’d like to point out that the midpoint of thatrange tracks ahead of the average annual 10% growth rate we rolled out duringour investor day in 2006, with a target of $3.50 a share by 2011. With that,I'll turn it over the Dave.
Dave Henry: Thanks, Mike. As you mentioned, I think all of us in theREIT world have had a very interesting third quarter. For KIMCO, despite thebumpy ride, we continued to make excellent investments in a wide variety of newbusiness activities. For our listeners' consideration and review, I would liketo highlight the following this morning. Number one, Brazil. I'm pleased to report that we haveformally expanded our presence in South America by signing a joint ventureagreement with real estate partner, SA, a Brazilian shopping center developerbased in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The company developed small neighborhood shoppingcenters in the Sao Paulo market. The company had a strong pipeline ofneighborhood shopping centers, and we anticipate closing on our very firstproject together in December. The planned KIMCO REP shopping center is located inValinhos, a city located 40 minutes north of Sao Paulo, and will contain atotal of 135,000 square feet. In Brazil, we plan to focus on acquiring anddeveloping small neighborhood retail properties rather than developing orbuilding large high-end enclosed malls. Brazil, with a population of 186 million people, is theworld's tenth largest economy and is projected to become the fifth largest economyin the world by 2050. With a record trade surplus in 2006, the largest foreigndirect investment in Latin America, 3% inflation rate, a stable currency, and agrowing middle class, Brazil represents an attractive long-term investmentopportunity for KIMCO. Wal-Mart, McDonald's and other American retailers arefocusing on growing their presence in Brazil, and we hope to join many of ourexisting tenants as they expand into Brazil. Number two, net lease portfolio. In a signature-structuredparticipating loan transaction this quarter, KIMCO invested approximately $78million, giving us a 50% residual position in a large portfolio of 403 netleased properties in 33 states. The portfolio is divided into 30 master leasedpools of properties with each pool leased to a single corporate credit,collateralized by all of the assets in the pool. The properties represent a diverse collection offree-standing restaurants under 20 different brands and represent a veryattractive long-term investment for KIMCO due to the low market rents, lowinvestment per square foot, substantial amortization under the existingmortgage loans, and generally strong corporate guarantors. As the leases expireover time, we believe there will be substantial opportunity to create additionalvalue in this very large portfolio of more than 400 net leased properties. Number 3, KIMCO Mexico retail land and development fund.During the quarter we successfully closed and upsized twice our previouslyannounced Mexico retail land and development fund. The fund represents a newproduct for KIMCO in that it is a fully discretionary commingled fund of $324million. The fund will acquire retail sites in Mexico, which aretargeted for future expansion by large U.S. and Mexican retail tenants. These landparcels, which will either be developed within the fund or sold to thirdparties over a three to seven-year period will be selected by KIMCO's operatingpartners or retail anchor tenants in Mexico. Land which is planned for future development rather thanimmediate development is comparatively inexpensive in Mexico, and we believethat KIMCO and the fund investors will achieve attractive returns through thisinvestment vehicle. Institutional investors committed to our fund include NewYork common, ABP, Case Depo (ph), GE Real Estate, Northwestern Mutual andWellington Management. Building on the success of the Mexican fund, we areintroducing a $250 million U.S. land fund, which will be jointly sponsored byKIMCO and the Rockefeller Group. Combining forces, KIMCO and the Rockefeller Group will beable to acquire large mixed-use sites and leverage KIMCO's expertise in retaildevelopment, and the Rockefeller Group's experience in office and industrialproperties. The fund will target land and specific selected marketswhere either KIMCO or the Rockefeller Group have a strong track record. Thesemarkets include Florida, California, Arizona, New Jersey and Texas. TheRockefeller Group has an 80-year history of developing commercial real estateand is wholly-owned by Mitsubishi Estate, one of the world's largest realestate companies. We are very pleased to be working with them on this newfund. Overall, we believe the growth of our institutional asset managementbusiness will be based on delivery of new joint venture and commingled fundproducts to meet the real estate objectives of a growing list of institutionalclients. In 2008, we plan to introduce a new fund for South Americaretail properties, and a New York urban investment and development fund. We havereached agreement with UBS Wealth Management, a valued existing institutionalclient, to form a $300 million joint venture to acquire core stabilized retailproperties in Canada. All of these areas represent growing sources of investmentopportunities for KIMCO with attractive yields for our clients and ourpartners. Now I would like to turn to Milton for his comments and thoughts.
Milton Cooper: Thanks, Dave. George Bernard Shaw once said, when I wasyoung and foolish, I thought that money was everything, and now that I'm olderand wiser, I know it is. Two weeks ago, Mike Flynn, Dave Henry, MikePappagallo, David Lukes and I met in an off-site strategy session in aWestchester Hotel conference room, and we agreed with George Bernard Shaw. Our job is to deliver the money to our shareholders and ourpeople, and since our shareholders do not receive large annual dividends, andsince no one at KIMCO receives large cash salary, the money has to be in theform of a growing share price. Now the fact that since our IPO, we have doubledthe price of our shares every five years is history. What do we do from here? Our company has never, never, ever accepted the status quo.Innovation is our mantra. And so our focus is to chart the course for futuredouble-digit growth over time, and here is our road map. One, our shoppingcenter portfolio. We constantly review each asset with the following in mind.Where can we creatively add value? Is there growth in cash flow from the asset? Some of our centers have substantial built-in growth.Shopping centers that were built in the '60s and the '70s had then prevailingrents under leases that are to expire within 10 years. Permit me to illustrate.We own a 212,000-square-foot shopping center in Staten Island. A lease for 100,000 square feet was entered into in 1970under which the tenant paid an annual rent of $3 per square foot, gross. Thatwas the then-market. New leases for smaller tenants are in the mid-40s persquare foot. The 100,000-square-foot lease expires in 2011, and our estimate isthat the rental value is at least $30 per square foot. Now, most of our income streams are generated fromproperties in urban areas, and those that were developed in the '60s, '70s, and'80s are in mature suburbs that do not have land for new housing and are not asvulnerable to the slowdown in new-home construction. It is my view thatshopping centers with long-term leases with below-market grants are superbinvestments with bond-like characteristics that will attack investors worldwidewho seek safety in hard assets. David Lukes refers to some of our centers as land banks thatare carried by our tenants' rents until leases expire. Now, there are othercenters whose growth is more appropriate for an investor with a lower cost ofcapital and a more patient time horizon. And these centers will be placed in ajoint venture with such institutions. And we will sell any center that we feelmay have risk. Two, our global expansion. Our global expansion is designedto deliver higher yields and diversify our risks from being completelydependent on the U.S. dollar. Our first entry into the Canadian market was sixyears ago. We were and continue to be very optimistic about real estate inCanada. By the way, at the time of our initial investments, C$1 was equivalentto $0.66. We now have interest in over 145 properties in Canada. Mexico. We began our acquisitions in Mexico in 2002, thanksto Dave, and we continue to believe that Mexico has good growth prospects. Wehave interests in 127 properties and anticipate continued substantial returns.We have interest in 21 developments that should come on stream by 2009. Whilewe are pleased with what we own, we recognize that there now is very largedemand to own real estate in Mexico, and as a result, we now are faced withsubstantial competition. Our timing in the past was good, but it will be moredifficult to create more opportunities in the future. And in addition to Canadaand Mexico, as you have heard, we are exploring and acting on additionalinvestments in Chile and Brazil. Three, our institutional investment management business.This is a growing business, and we are adding new institutional relationshipsand new products. Dave has mentioned our land fund in Mexico, and our new jointventure on a U.S. land fund. Four, our development business. We have a solid developmentbusiness that has been consistent in its earnings. The contribution from ourdevelopment business is a little less than 5% of our EBITDA. We do have over 20projects that should be completed between 2008 and 2010. Five, KIMCO retail services. Retail services providesfinancing and other services for retailers. Some examples are Montgomery Warddesignation rights transaction and our Venture Stores transaction. KIMCO Selectis, in essence, an opportunity fund that takes into account the underlyingvalue of real estate and leases. Some examples are the Albertson transactionand the Frank's Nursery transaction. Six, preferred equity. Our preferred equity programcurrently is approximately $465 million invested in over 260 properties. Weexpect to realize approximately $200 million in residual profit participationout of this portfolio. Seven, our New York City, Boston and Philadelphia urbanprojects. Patrick Flynn has headed up our effort to create value and profitswith selected investments in New York City, Boston and Philadelphia. During theyear, over $15 million of profits were generated out of the sale of twoManhattan properties. So, we believe that we can deliver the goods over time at acombination of these buckets and any new bucket and opportunities that we maybe able to seize upon. Our view is that the times ahead will bring some pain tothe consumer, and there will be turbulence in the markets. We have prepared for this cycle by keeping up balance sheetand liquidity very, very strong. We have been through cycles before and havealways found that opportunities arise out of dislocation in the marketplace.And with that, we would be delighted to entertain any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first questionfrom Jonathan Litt with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ambika - Citigroup: Hi, this is Ambika (ph)with John. Given the uncertainty onwhen transaction volume will pick up, how should we think about that beingfactored into 2008 guidance?
Mike Pappagallo: Ambika, this is Mike. I think historically we have looked attransactions, separating it between core shopping center acquisitions and theneverything else. I think where we have a little struggle with visibility iswhat form and structure these transactions are going to take. In coming up with the preliminary guidance numbers that Ihave provided, I am expecting somewhere over $1 billion of investment activity,but that's not necessarily going to be all of the core shopping center typeassets that you have seen us acquire over the past couple of years. So that's a generic assumption, volume assumption, but theform and content of what business unit it falls in to, we have preferredequity, our opportunity fund, some of the other funds that Dave has talkedabout, that is to be determined.
Ambika - Citigroup: So given that is below your historical acquisition volumesin the past couple of years, you would assume that that's more of aconservative target at this point that could be revised upwards if the market'stransaction volume resumes.
Mike Pappagallo: Yes, that is true, and it has been pretty much the custom hereat this point in the year or before the year, to take a relatively conservativeview, because conditions do change, and you saw it over the past three or fourmonths on how dramatic the credit markets were impacted. So we have a long-term business strategy. We have talkedabout it often. We have clear objectives that Milton articulated, and strategy.But we will continue to do is refine these assumptions set into thosecomponents as the year proceeds.
Ambika - Citigroup: Okay. And could you give color on the marketable securitiesgains in the quarter?
Mike Pappagallo: The 10 million is -- 10 million for the quarter.
Ambika - Citigroup: Any breakdown on where that is coming from?
Mike Pappagallo: No, we generally don't give a list of specific securities.
Ambika - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Jay Habermann withGoldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just, I guess, continuing onthe '08 guidance front, can you just comment, are you assuming any impact therefrom Albertson's. And, I guess, Mike, as well, since you did open the subject,can you talk about same-store NOI growth assumptions?
Mike Pappagallo: With respect to Albertson's, I have more of a genericassumption as it relates to our group of businesses in KIMCO Capital Services,which is preferred equity, KIMCO Select, and Retailer Services and piecingthose together. And in looking at those three businesses, if you tally up the2007 contribution, or expected contribution, it's probably about $225 millionworth of transaction and flow within those three components. And we're expecting $30 million or so increase in ouroriginal business plan for those three businesses together. So it's going tocome from a variety of sources as it has traditionally, and some of it will beAlbertson's, but at this point we don't have an exact number, because there area series of financing and strategy at the Albertson's level that haven't beenfinalized and are subject to market conditions. So, Jay, that's how I look atthe guidance in terms of taking the three businesses together, understandingtheir aggregate profitability, and then planning off of that larger base as wego into next year.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks. And just one follow-up, I guess, for Milton,in terms of the recent disruptions in the credit markets. Can you just commenta bit on outlook for distressed store closings? Have you seen any growing signsthat might make you more nervous than before?
Milton Cooper: Nothing could make me more nervous than before. No, wecontinue to worry about the consumer and there are certain retailers that webelieve may have issues in '08, but we really, David, couldn't identify them.
Mike Pappagallo: Jay, I just wanted to circle back. You also asked on thesame-store, we're forecasting 4%, and that's based on our ground-up budgetprocess that we just completed with respect to our core shopping centers.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Christine McElroy withBanc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Christine McElroy - Banc of America Securities: Hi, good morning. If you look at over the next few years atyour expectations for future supply growth for shopping centers, would you sayit's coming at all in the new financing environment given that it has becomemore difficult for smaller developers to obtain financing? And does this have any impact at all on your expected yieldsfor projects in your future pipeline, if overall supply growth declines?
Dave Henry: It's still early to tell, I think. The credit crunch isrelatively short-lived at this point. If it continues, I would agree with yourpromise that smaller developers will have more difficulty. Plus if Jerry is on the line, he can comment, as well, butthe projects themselves these days are much larger and take much longer to getthrough entitlements and the zoning process, so retail in general is done on apre-leased basis. Speck projects are not generally done to any large degree.
Jerry Friedman: Dave, this is Jerry. I would agree with you. I would alsostate that if the credit crunch does continue, it gives greater opportunity forKIMCO to take over, at a later stage, those projects from smaller developers.
Christine McElroy - Banc of AmericaSecurities: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up on Ambica's questionwith regard to becoming more aggressive on acquisitions. What types of changesin the private market are you looking for? When we should expect you to become more aggressive whetherit's pricing changes or more stability or different types of opportunities?
Dave Henry: Well, I think we, like others, are being careful today.We're watching with interest. We're in the market every day. It's stillcompetitive for Class A properties, which our investors want. The bid/ask has widened a bit, and there's been retradinggoing on and the debt markets, as you know, have been a bit dicey. So ouracquisitions people are in the market every day. We continue to lose deals onoccasion, which indicate to us that the market is still competitive for thevery best properties. Cap rates have moved around a little bit. But we're notexactly sure where they are settling. So, at this point, we're trying to becareful. But one way or another, it will settle out in due course, and KIMCOwill continue to see opportunities and we will continue to team with ourinstitutional partners to grow our portfolio.
Christine McElroy - Banc of AmericaSecurities: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Jeff Donnelly withWachovia Securities. Please go ahead.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Good morning, guys. Mike, maybe just another way of askingabout your same-store NOI growth expectation for 2008, with your occupancy inan all-time high and retail, or appetite for your store opening, I guess, isrelatively softer than it was perhaps a year ago. What leads you guys to be so confidant that rate growthwould be this robust now? You can argue that perhaps most aggressively seen isKIMCO being NOI growth in sometime.
Mike Pappagallo: I think its consequence, Jeff, of many of the rollovers thatwe're seeing in terms of our projects, the ongoing programs and redevelopmentprojects that David and his team have underway. Because it's not, your point isvalid. It's really not going to be driven by occupancy. It's goingto be driven more by active management, rent bumps, step-ups and the programswe have got underway. That really is the short answer. When we think about the same-store growth, part of thatanalysis is that there are a -- continues to be a group of properties that aretargeted for this position in our – in that base portfolio that are theslower-growth assets. And it's incumbent upon us, as a strategy to move those outdirectly or into funds that they are solid properties but just slow growth. So,that's really part of what makes up the number.
Dave Henry: I think, we're particularly excited about some of theredevelopment efforts, and the added resources that we have focused on theredevelopment within our portfolio. With such a large portfolio, as you mightimagine, we have got some nice opportunities to create value in some of ourexisting shopping centers. And that's a great program, and that should help usdrive some nice value.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Do you have a sense of what your NOI growth would be if youexcluded those assets that are benefiting from redevelopment capital?
Mike Pappagallo: I would pencil that -- and every one -- any one quarter,there's a different answer in terms of the relative impact, but as a generalmatter, I would say it's lifting the base rate from a 2.5% to 3% level up tothe 4%-plus level.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: One last question. Mike, I think you mentioned at the verybeginning of the call, that you guys were tempering your acquisition activityto wait for larger, and I guess, implicitly, better deals that may come downthe road. Are you seeing those opportunities now, or do you think theyare still a few quarters away? And who drives the decision within the fundsbusiness to decide to buy assets or not? Is it KIMCO or its partners?
Milton Cooper: Well, there's -- we team with our partners in looking atopportunities, especially large portfolios, either public or private. If yourecall over the last five or six years, KIMCO has bought five other publiccompanies, which has driven our assets under management very nicely. I personally think, there will be some more M&A activitycoming up with smaller companies, either public or private. Those type ofopportunities do appeal to our institutional partners, because in one fellswoop, they can get a large portfolio of properties. That's very difficult for Mike to factor into his numberswhen we'll buy a small public company or something like that. So we also have aone-off business that's more predictable and Tom Caputo and his team have donea nice job. And we do have a pipeline of acquisition activities, butit's tougher to predict in this market, which ones will win at which kind ofcap rates and which investors have an aggressive appetite for that. But we'reconfident we'll deliver Mike's base case.
Jeff Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Schmidt with Merrill Lynch. Please goahead, sir.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. I was looking at your portfolio statistics bycountry page and the United States has the lowest average rent per square footrelative to Canada, Mexico and Chile. I wondered if that was because of the ageof the centers or is something else driving that statistic?
Milton Cooper: That's the age of the centers. One of the sad realities isthat, we have been around for such a long time. We've been in business for 50years, so that it distinguishes us -- many of the properties I mentioned werebuilt in the '60s, '70s, '80s, and acquisitions, so that it's a factor of theage of the center, and that they're encumbered with long-term leases at lowerrents. B>Dave Henry And as we've mentioned previously, in Mexico, it's mostly adevelopment game. These are new shopping centers coming on stream. The existinginventory of shopping centers to buy in Mexico is very limited.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: So, if I'm thinking about this correctly, it would seem tosuggest that the United States has the best opportunity for growth relative tothe four countries you primarily do business in. B>Dave Henry I would argue the opposite. If you look at the U.S. leasesfor new properties, you are talking about very flat leases. For instance, whenwe sign a Home Depot lease today, it is flat for 20 years, and sometimes flatfor the option period. When, we sign a Home Depot lease in Mexico, we have possibleincreases every single year and in some cases we have percentage rent. So, itdepends on the country and the lease structures.
Mike Pappagallo: I think your point is that on the older properties, there ismore room for growth because those rents are lower. Dave, is right on the neweracquisitions. On the old properties, we do have below-market rents.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. That's helpful understanding that Home Depotsigns different types of leases by country.
Dave Henry: Yes, it depends on where they are trying to grow. Forinstance, we get very different leases from Wal-Mart in Mexico than we do inthe U.S. In the U.S. they like to own their own property. That's very difficult to lease a Wal-Mart in the U.S. Whereasin Mexico, where they are tripling the number of stores they want to open, bydefinition, they are forced to lease in many cases.
Craig Schmidt - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Matt Ostrower withMorgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Matt Ostrower - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Could you talk about why you chose to use thepreferred market instead of the unsecured market, and specifically was it anissue with rate or covenants there? And secondarily, at a 7.75% rate on thepreferred, isn't that really signaling that you guys have an expectation thatcap rates are going to move up very significantly given the kind of going-inyield you need to get to make that accretive?
Milton Cooper: We elected to go into the preferred market, because wewanted to put a form of longer term or permanent equity on the balance sheet,in that we felt that for an additional 100 basis points or so relative to whatwe could do at the tenure at the time that it was well worth it. And it would build capacity in the future for furtherexpansion on the debt side. And along with our preferred equity offering as Imentioned, we have done a variety of other things to expand the debt capacity. So in very basic terms, we viewed the preferred as oneelement of a global capital structure, and liquidity enhancement, and did notlook at it in the view of issued this in lieu of unsecured debt and the like.As to your other point, that assumption or that theory is just simply not thecase.
Mike Pappagallo: As we pointed out before, Matt, where we are investing mostof our own capital is places like Mexico and preferred equity in development,where we do get higher returns, and it is accretive to our shareholders. Whenwe buy existing shopping centers, we are teaming up with an institutionalpartner who is putting up the lion's share of the equity. And we make very good returns because in addition to ourshare of the cash flow from the property, we are getting management fees, andasset management fees, and acquisition fees, and construction management fees,and leasing conversions, and a promote -- and so forth. So it's actually a veryprofitable piece of business for us. 
Matt Ostrower - Morgan Stanley: And if I could just follow-up real quick on the unsecured,were you able -- I know a little while back, you switched to sort of acovenant-light structure on a whole bunch of your unsecured debt. And I guess the question I have is would you be able to getthat today if you did go into the unsecured market today? And if the answer tothat is no, what does it mean for the money that you spent or the cost youincurred to get the covenant-light structure on your existing debt?
Mike Pappagallo: We feel that if we wanted to go into the unsecured marketstoday, we feel we could execute a bond with a similar characteristic as weraised in April.
Matt Ostrower - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Michael Gorman withCredit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Milton, if you could just go back to thedistressed side of things again but more looking at the opportunities, can yousort of quantify what kind of pipeline of deals you're looking at on thealternative investment front?
Milton Cooper: What we're looking at is -- it's really very large. Whatwe'll get is so speculative it wouldn't be fair for me to answer it. It mightbe misleading. So I don't know. We're looking at an awful lot. What willhappen, I don't know.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: If you look back at the history, then what is your typicalconversion rate of what you look at versus what you get?
Milton Cooper: I'm going to guess, maybe a third of or less.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: And.
Milton Cooper: And it varies.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: And, Dave, just a question on the Prudential joint venture,going back to the questions about cap rates and institutional demand, it lookslike the sales volume in the third quarter slowed down. Can you just give us asense for what the pricing was like on those deals, and also any number ofdeals that may have fallen through during the quarter?
Dave Henry: Well it's -- I think we have mentioned before, the PanPacific acquisition with Peru was really divided in two portfolios. A wholeportfolio and a self portfolio. On the self portfolio, Tom, correct me if I'mwrong, was about $1 billion. We are about halfway through that self portfolio, and wecontinue to sell those properties, which by definition are properties that wehave decided not to hold long- term. The markets have been turbulent, I wouldsay, and the Cap rates have been a little higher than we had hoped, but wecontinue to feel that we will dispose of that, the rest of that portfolio, overthis next 12-month period. On the other side of the coin, the whole portfolio, theother $3 billion, has outperformed what we thought, and the rent growth hasbeen outstanding in these A-plus properties in California. So, we have been very happy with the whole buckets, and thesell bucket is going perhaps a little slower than we had hoped.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: If I could just push a little bit there, I mean, lastquarter you characterized it as 6.25% -- that's 6.75% on the sale. Are youstill in that range with your third quarter sales, or are we talking north ofthat?
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: Yes, I think we're still in the probably 6.5% to 7% range.It just depends on the property and the location and where it might be. And oneof the other things that we have been doing with the sale bucket is some of theproperties we actually held off the market while we released them. If we had big anchors, we just held them off, and we'rebringing them to the market now so.
Dave Henry: And it's no surprise the best ones of the sell bucket gofirst. So, we fully expect that for the last batch of these assets that the caprates are going to be higher. I mean, in effect the blended Cap rate, when we underwrotethis portfolio, was a little north of 6.5%. And I think when the dust settles;we'll be roughly to that number. But certainly, as it relates to the timetableof doing that, the best assets on that sale bucket have gone first, and thetougher ones are going to bring up the rear. So that will certainly -- there will certainly be differentCap rates as you go through these individual sales.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll take our next question with Michael Mueller withJPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Couple of questions, first, Mike, in terms of guidance,should we think of the preliminary '08 number as kind of just a levered coregrowth rate with, I think you said, maybe a $30 million year-over-year increasein capital services. So, not a lot of external-driven spread in the numbers atthat point.
Mike Pappagallo: Mike, I think -- Just rephrase the question for me. BecauseI understand one of the points you are making was with respect to the basket ofour operating businesses, but maybe if you could just rephrase your question,so that I could give you a coherent answer.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Yes. I guess, first, you said, just confirming what yousaid. KIMCO Capital Services, about $30 million, you were thinking, higher thanthe '07 level. So, if we are taking your core growth and levering that up, andjust tacking that on, that kind of gets you around to where the midpoint of '07to midpoint of '08 is. So, is that the right way we should be thinking about the'08 implied guidance at this point?
Mike Pappagallo: We'll probably assume a bit more KDI gains than the currentyear's $25 million. There will be more projects that are in their completionphase or going to be completed in early '08, so I think there will be a littlebit more activity there. And then you will certainly have to factor in thatestimation of volume, some level in some business lines, but also increase theearnings. So, I think it's really a combination of that increase inthe operating business that I talked to you about, an increase in thedevelopment profits, some volume activity, as well as the leveraged internalgrowth of 54%. So, that's in broad terms, the four components that drivethe numbers for next year, midpoint-to-midpoint.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Okay. Maybe switching gears to the preferred equitybusiness, can you talk about recent trends in pricing since -- given what hasbeen happening with the debt markets over the past quarter or so, as pricingmoved back up? And then second part of that question, if you are looking atthe $200 million of equity kickers that I think you mentioned on the call, how muchof that is split between stuff driven just by pure Cap rate compression versusstuff that wasn't necessarily reliant upon Cap rate compression? It really just comes from the value creation from taking aproject from development to stabilization.
Mike Pappagallo: Sure. On the pricing side today, it's definitely a muchbetter time for us. Some of our traditional mess, composition, I would call itstraight mess. We're charging an interest rate without an equity kicker. Those guys have all gone away for the moment, and so ourteam is starting to see more opportunities with better pricing and moreconservative underwriting on our part. So, we're actually pretty optimistic about our preferredequity business going into next year, and we think we'll benefit from theturmoil that's happened in the credit market. Some of the crazy risk-rewardpricing has gone away. So we think we'll do better in terms of volume in preferredequity both in Canada and the U.S., which are both good markets for us. In termsof the equity kicker estimates, we have taken a look at some of them. I don'tstatistics on the whole portfolio for you, but if I were to guess, it would behalf is cap rate compression and half is growth in net income.
Michael Mueller - JPMorgan: Okay. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question with David Harris with LehmanBrothers. Please go ahead.
David Harris - Lehman Brothers: Hey, good morning. Sorry if I missed this. Dave, as you werepicking up your air miles traveling north and south, down the Americas, Iwonder if you could just give any comment as to any change in the investmentattitude of folks in the marketplace in Canada or down in Mexico in SouthAmerica? Are people concerned in those markets about changing caprates and financing? And secondarily, somewhat associated with that, is theretoday a more of a reserve and a caution about tenants signing up for space thanthere would have been, say, three, six months ago?
Dave Henry: Let me take them in three parts. Looking at Latin Americafirst and I'm very proud, because American Airlines did give me a littlecertificate saying I have hit three million miles with them. So I'm very proudof that.
David Harris - Lehman Brothers: (inaudible) of the plane, doesn't it?
Dave Henry: The investor appetite to invest in Mexico and South Americais actually escalating and increasing. Real estate investors are looking forhigher returns, given the turmoil of today and the apprehension about where thereal estate markets in the U.S. are going. So the investor appetite, to look at markets like Mexico andSouth America, is escalating, and you can see that in the number of new fundsthat are being offered. Everybody from JE Roberts to O'Connor to ING toPrudential, they are all offering Latin America funds of one type or another anincreasingly oriented towards retail, which is hard. And as Milton mentioned in his remarks, we're seeing morecompetition in Mexico and more competition for our operating partners, and soforth. We have such a great lead in Mexico and we have such established dealflow that we think we'll do rather well, but if anything, I would say it hasescalated in terms of investor activity. Canada is a different matter. Canada, the debt turmoil hasdefinitely impacted. CMBS is out of business, for sure, in Canada, andhistorically Canadian banks have always been rather conservative. So I’d say there is a little more apprehension about what isgoing to happen in Canada than perhaps the Latin America. Your last part ofyour question in terms of the tenants, again, if anything, the Home Depots andthe Wall-Marts, and the Costco’s of the world are increasingly looking atMexico and South America as opportunities for growth. Best Buy and Lowe's have both announced going to Mexicorecently. So, if anything, that also is accelerating.
David Harris - Lehman Brothers: If you just think about the discussions you're having todaywith potential joint venture or around new joint ventures and funds, is thereany change in the fee structure promotes that you’ve been traditionally puttingin place over the last couple of years? And I guess that is probably morefocused domestically than overseas.
Dave Henry: Well, again, the fee structure today is very different thanit was five years ago, and much more attractive for the operator for our sideof the equation. We really haven't had a lot of pushback on fee structures,especially things like our Mexican land and retail fund. The investors are really looking at that wonderfulopportunity to drive double-digit IRRs for themselves. So promote structuresare really not that, no that controversial and our fees are, we keep them onthe modest end. We're not a hedge fund. We're not even an opportunity fund inmany cases in terms of our fee structure. So as you look at our funds, our fee structures are veryreasonable and we don't get a lot of pushback.
David Harris - Lehman Brothers: Is the typical threshold 9 or 10?
Dave Henry: Yes, I would say that's fair. In the US, in some cases it'slower, and in Mexico and Latin America, it may be higher.
David Harris - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question with Lou Taylor with DeutscheBank. Please go ahead.
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Dave, can you just go back to the acquisitionactivity you should think and talk about
Dave Henry: Lou, you are going to have to speak up little bit.
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Can you just go back to the acquisitions commentaryearlier, and just talk a little bit about your return expectations? Have yourIRRs risen at all?
Dave Henry: You mean on our side of the equation?
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Yes.
Dave Henry: On our side of the equation, remember, we're investing 15%to 20% of the equity on a co-investment basis with our institutional partners.So, in addition to the levered or un-leverage return from the property, whichmay be 6%, 7%, 8%. We are getting property management fees, we're gettingacquisition fees, we're getting asset management fees, and so forth, whichdrives those returns somewhere between 15% and 20% over time.
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: I mean, on your consolidated on-balance sheet acquisitionsthat you do on your free flow account.
Mike Pappagallo: As general matte, Lou, we're generally not acquiring for ourown balance sheet anymore for those very reasons. Now, that said, the growth inthe balance sheet at any one point in time will generally be due to two things.One, that we do continue to take on inventory in anticipation of the placementinto those programs, and there certainly is that phenomena in our currentbalance sheet. And secondly, there are assets on what is called theopportunities side, where we're going direct, because we see an arbitrageopportunity. Of course, the example is some of the things we've done in LowerManhattan, as well as some of the most recent investments in the Philadelphiametro markets. And those assets are on the books. There's a high IRR, 15%, 20%, and beyond if we can executeon our strategy, and those assets are on our balance sheet as well. At thispoint you think about on-balance sheet, that's primarily what we're focused on.
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: As a follow-up, in terms of your merchant developmentpipeline, in terms of cap rate on those dispositions, if you will, have youseen any movement in those cap rates?
Dave Henry: Jerry, I'll let you answer, but we only have a fewproperties that are in the market today. There is a good list of people biddingon these properties, and I would say that the bid/ask is a bit wider than ithas been in the past. But we have sold properties and continue to sell propertiesin the 6’s that we developed in the 10% to 11% on leverage return on cost. Sothe profit margin is still pretty wide in development, and we like thatbusiness. It's a got room, if necessary, for cap rates to move up a bit.
Jerry Friedman: Dave, you are correct. We have -- All of our properties havebeen selling in the 6’s in the cap rates, the ones we have marketed. And thereis aggressive -- several bidders for all of the properties.
Lou Taylor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll go next with David Fickwith Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, good morning. Can you talk a little bit about yourexternal partner relationships, and what you are seeing in terms of themapproving deals, where we're hearing from some of your peers that there's morepushback on proposed transactions?
Milton Cooper: I think it's fair to say that core investors have taken ahard look at the markets today, and are being careful about what they are goingafter. They are taking a look at the credit markets. They are trying tocarefully price transactions. They are working with us. They want to know what we think is going to happen withpricing. They want to understand carefully the upside of properties as we workwith them in looking at opportunities. The same way we are. We're not exactly sure where these markets are going toshake out. So we're both being very careful as we look at opportunities. Ithink that's fair. But whether it shakes out with cap rates being a littlehigher, or it settles back down to where it was, we'll just have to see. But we do have great relationships and a great roster ofpartners that we continue to work with looking at all kinds of opportunities,whether they are large portfolios or one-off transaction.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: How big a factor is that external appetite in your externalacquisition guidance, which is obviously pretty conservative?
Milton Cooper: Yes, Mike has made a very conservative number, so it's ourjob, Tom and mine and others, to beat that number.
David Fick - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you.
Milton Cooper: Sorry for giving them such a low bar, David. I'm going torethink it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question with Scott O'Donnell withMetLife. Please go ahead.
Scott O'Donnell - MetLife: Yes. Hi. Good morning. A question for Milton, please.Milton, you have been around a long time, you have seen many financial crisesin the past, and whatever the flavor of financial crisis, you can always pointto the root of it being poor underwriting. And I guess in that context, whether you are looking at thefinancial sector or the REIT sector, they do share several characteristics overthe last few years. It seems that people are paying too much for assets,they're financing more and more of these risks off-balance sheets, and they aretrying to generate returns that may not be sustainable in the long run. So with that as a background, can you comment on theappropriateness of, and also in the context of Mike's earlier comments thatmore and more of KIMCO's balance sheet will be represented by joint ventureinvestments, can you comment on the appropriateness of being an unsecuredlender to a company like KIMCO from an underwriting perspective?
Milton Cooper: Well, let's analyze that for a moment. One, the ratio ofdebt to total debt and equity is very, very small, and we have kept it that way.Two, the portfolio is a portfolio that has pretty solid income streams. Andthree, you have a very conservative management, who have their lifeblood,estates and wealth in KIMCO. So the combination of all of that factor, diversifiedsources of income, since so many sources and geographic sources, it makes it asgood a bed as I know. And if I'm comfortable with the equity, I would imaginethat unsecured lenders should be very comfortable with the debt.
Scott O'Donnell - MetLife: Thanks. Okay.
Barbara Pooley: Daryl?
Operator: And there are no further questions. This does conclude ourquestion-and-answer session. I like to turn it back over to management for anyadditional or closing remarks.
Barbara Pooley: Thanks, everybody, for participating today. Just a remind, asupplemental is on our website at www.kimcorealty.com. Thanks.
Operator: And once again, ladies and gentlemen, this will concludetoday's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
