===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Loblaws Incorporated fourth quarter 2024 results conference call. At this time, all lines are in listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. If at any time during this call you require immediate assistance, please press star zero for the operator. This call is being recorded on Thursday, February 20, 2025. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Roy McDonald. Please go ahead.
Roy McDonald: Thank you, Constantine, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to the Lovela Companies Limited fourth quarter and fiscal year 2024 results conference call. I'm joined this morning as usual by Perbank, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and by Richard Dufrin, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin the call, I want to remind you that today's discussion will include forward-looking statements which may include but are not limited to statements with respect to Loblaw's anticipated future results. These statements are based on assumptions and reflect management's current expectations.
Operator: As such, are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that
Roy McDonald: could cause actual results or events to differ materially from our expectations. These results and uncertainties are discussed in the company's materials filed with the Canadian securities regulators. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the day they're made. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, other than what's required by law. Also, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed or referenced today. Please refer to our annual report and other materials filed with the Canadian securities regulator for a full reconciliation of each of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. And with that, I will turn the call over to Richard.
Richard Dufrin: Thank you, Roy, and good morning, everyone. We are very pleased to have delivered another year of consistent operational financial performance. Our businesses continue to perform well, reflecting our focus on retail excellence. On the full year, revenue came in at $61 billion and adjusted earnings at more than $2.6 billion. We delivered improving sales momentum, stable gross margin, and carefully managed our expenses while once again delivering strong earnings performance. In 2024, we repurchased $1.8 billion worth of our shares and increased our dividend per share by 13.9%. We also accelerated capital investments in our stores, adding 52 new food and drug retail stores and 78 pharmacy care clinics, representing 1.1% of square footage growth. We're already seeing a meaningful lift to our absolute sales from these stores. As we announced on Tuesday, we plan to reinvest over $10 billion back into the Canadian economy over the next five years, improving access to affordable food and healthcare services and creating jobs in communities across Canada. This includes opening another 80 stores and approximately 100 pharmacist care clinics in 2025. Turning to the quarter, we continue to see growing momentum across our businesses. On a consolidated basis, revenue growth was solid at 2.9%, reaching $14.9 billion, and adjusted EBITDA increased by 4%. Consolidated revenue and same-store sales were positively impacted by the shift in Thanksgiving, which occurred in Q4 this year compared to Q3 last year. Our sales performance in food improved even when adjusting for this shift and improved from Q3. Adjusted diluted net earnings per share grew by 10% to $2.20. On a GAAP basis, our net earnings decreased by 14.6%, primarily driven by a non-cash charge of $129 million related to the revaluation of our existing PC Optimum program liability. This nonrecurring charge reflects the fact that customer engagement with our popular PC Optimum program is increasing, leading to higher redemption rates in our stores in recent years. We increased this liability based on our expectation that more customers will redeem more of their PCO points going forward, reflecting the long-term success of our program. In food retail, we attracted higher customer traffic and drove tonnage growth. Absolute sales grew 3.7%. Our reported same-store sales increased 2.5%. As previously mentioned, the Thanksgiving shift, our right-hand side performance, and the elimination of multibuys all impacted our same-store sales. Our adjusted same-store sales growth was up 2% in the quarter. Canada's gross retail CPI was 2.4% in the quarter. Our internal CPI-like food inflation measure was lower than CPI this quarter. But also looking at our average article price data, which reflects the full basket mix bought by our customers, our internal inflation rate was much lower than CPI. Looking ahead, we're still seeing higher than normal pricing increases coming in from our larger global vendors, and many are requesting double-digit price increases. We continue to push back to mitigate these increases. This is compounded by the fact that we are working with a Canadian dollar that trades at the lowest level in over 20 years. A year ago, the Canadian dollar traded at 74 cents US, and we began Q4 at that level. But since our dollar has declined by 5% to 70 cents, this adds further inflationary pressure at a time when Canada relies on US imports for most of its fresh produce. We see consumers continuing to favor discount offerings. This is clearly demonstrated in our hard discounts banner same-store sale performance, which is outperforming our conventional stores. We recorded double-digit growth in absolute sales across our discount network in Q4 and in TNT Canada. TNT Canada is our fastest-growing banner. While the gap between hard discount and conventional has stabilized, growth in hard discount continues to be significantly higher than conventional. Last year, we added 58 hard discount stores to our network through conversions and new builds. These stores continue to resonate well with Canadians, driving strong performance. Q4 was a particularly busy quarter for our teams. We opened 26 new grocery stores, including our first TNT supermarket in Seattle, Washington. In Q4, we also concluded our network optimization initiative in Quebec. We now have 187 hard discount Maxi stores in Quebec, leading to market share growth in that province. Going forward, we will continue to expand our hard discount presence by adding approximately 50 new stores across the country in 2025, bringing more quality and value to more communities across Canada. Hard discount is still gaining tonnage market share, and our conventional stores are performing well. In drug retail, absolute sales increased 1.3% and same-store sales grew 1.3%. Pharmacy and healthcare services grew same-store sales by 6.3% again this quarter, driven by broad strength in prescription and new healthcare services. Our specialty acute and chronic prescription growth led our pharmacy numbers. Patients continue to respond very positively to the convenience and expanded level of primary care we offer to our more than 1,800 pharmacies across the country, including our 152 new in-store clinics. Our front store same-store sales declined 3.1%, primarily driven by the month-long Canada Post strike and our decision to exit electronics categories. We see ongoing pressure in convenience categories like food and household items. That said, we have continued strength in prestige beauty. Cough and cold was also weaker than planned, largely driven by a mild fall. Looking ahead, our decision to exit certain low-margin electronics categories such as laptops, computers, TVs, cameras, and games and consoles will have about a 1% impact on front store sales in 2025. That said, we remain pleased by the underlying strength, profitability, and sales momentum of Shoppers Drug Mart's front store business. Online sales in the quarter increased by 18.4%, carrying on our momentum from Q3. Within grocery, delivery continues to outperform as a channel. We remain pleased with our online sales penetration in both food and pharmacy. Full-year sales grew at 16.9% to $3.9 billion, and our food panacea penetration rate increased slightly. Across our grocery and pharmacy banners, we are proud to see Canadians increasingly choosing our stores for value, quality, service, and convenience. Total retail gross margin was 30.9%, down 20 basis points. The decline was mainly driven by sales mix, the impact of the closure of postal services during the Canada Post strike, and the Thanksgiving shift, partially offset by improvements in shrink this quarter. I'm pleased with the strong shrink improvements in both food and drug this past year. Food is now back to 2020 shrink rates, but we still have work to do across our pharmacies. Turning to SG&A, our spend rate as a percentage of sales improved by 20 basis points, driven by the lapping of prior year labor costs, including expenses related to the ratification of union labor agreements and some operating leverage. This was partially offset by incremental costs related to the ramp-up of new stores and conversions. Fourth-quarter retail EBITDA increased by $47 million, yielding a margin of 0.8%. PC Financial's revenue decreased 2.3%, driven by lower services growth in our mobile shop, which was partially offset by growth in the credit card portfolio. The bank's adjusted earnings before tax increased by $20 million, with higher interchange and credit card fee income, lower operating costs, and a positive year-over-year impact to the ECL provisions, offsetting the lapping of benefits associated with the renewal of a long-term agreement with Mastercard. We remain very comfortable with the risk profile of the bank's portfolio. We continue to take a conservative position in our provisioning with a strong and well-capitalized balance sheet. On a consolidated basis, adjusted EBITDA increased by 4% to $1.7 billion. Our retail free cash flow was $828 million, and we repurchased $352 million worth of common shares. On a full-year basis, our retail free cash flow was $1.5 billion. We grew our common share dividend by 13.9%, and we repurchased $1.8 billion worth of common shares. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we continue to improve our key return metrics. Our return on equity sits at 23.6%, and our return on capital at 11.8%. Looking ahead to 2025, we have a solid plan in place to keep on delivering consistent financial and operational performance while advancing our growth initiatives. We plan to open approximately 50 hard discount stores, approximately 30 Shoppers Drug Mart, and two TNT in 2025, bringing quality, value, service, and convenience to our customers. These new stores will grow our retail square footage by less than 2%. This year, we will also begin migrating operations to our new 1.2 million square feet fully automated distribution center in East Guillenborough, Ontario. This facility will further enhance our best-in-class supply chain, delivering efficiencies once fully operational. Please note that in 2025, we will have an extra week. We estimate that the resulting incremental impact on our EPS will be approximately 2% for the full year. Excluding the benefit of the extra week, we expect our retail business to grow earnings faster than sales and adjusted earnings per share growth in the high single digits. We plan to invest approximately $2.2 billion in capital expenditures and $1.9 billion net of proceeds from planned property disposal. Again, we plan to return most of our free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. We begin the new year encouraged by our early results in Q1. Same-store sales in both food and drug retail are off to a strong start, including positive same-store sales growth in shoppers' stores. Looking ahead, our focus on retail excellence and on the execution of our strategic initiatives will allow us to keep on delivering value to our customers and strong performance to our shareholders and sets us up well for the future. I will now turn the call over to Per.
Perbank: Thanks, Richard, and good morning, everyone. Looking back on 2024, I'm so pleased with our progress and performance. We maintained an unrelenting focus on providing quality, value, service, and convenience to our customers to help Canadians live life well. We ended the year with revenue growth of 2.5%, surpassing the $60 billion mark for the first time, and we delivered adjusted EPS growth of 10.3%. The strength of our performance allows us to reinvest back into the business to support our future growth and set us up to continue to deliver consistent financial performance. In 2025, we will invest another $2.2 billion into the Canadian economy, reflecting Loblaw's commitment to enhancing its store and distribution network, creating job opportunities, and improving accessibility to affordable food and healthcare services for communities across the country. A year ago, I talked about traveling the country, listening to customers, visiting colleagues, suppliers, investors, and all important stakeholders. This remains an important part of my job. Customers are not shy to tell me that they continue to feel stressed from affordability pressures and economic uncertainty. We focus every day on how we can deliver against the expectations, and we continue to work hard to reduce the impact of global food inflation on Canadians. We launched several net new initiatives to demonstrate this with innovative features like Heat of the Month and programs like Marvel and Collect and Save. We brought more specials and everyday value across our business, and we removed multi-price in hard discount. Customers responded positively to these initiatives, rewarding us with our best full-year food market share growth in more than a decade. Alongside our focus on understanding and meeting customers' needs, we have fostered a cost management mindset within the business and put programs in place to drive savings across our organizations. Our colleagues are doing a great job serving our customers while at the same time working to reduce costs and find ways for us to be even more efficient. Let me give you a couple of examples. We made some difficult decisions in exiting low-margin categories like electronics. These decisions will set us up well for the future but will be headwinds to our front store sales growth over the next year. Realizing more value from existing assets, creating new market and accretive businesses like failure in the service, and this year, we joined a large European buying group to lower our purchasing costs on certain commodities and control brand products. Digital engagement grew at a strong rate in 2024. Our weekly engaged digital user growth reflected a new level of personalization in our PC offers, more members-only pricing, and gamification of our app. Hopefully, many of you have won the prize wheel in Q4 and took home some free products. If not, stay tuned. You can expect to see even more excitement with greater frequency this year. Customers can also use our Swap and Save feature as a digital tool to save on everyday groceries. Based on recent customer feedback, we have within a few days added Swap and Shop Canadian tap to allow you to easily find products prepared in Canada. As we continue to expand this feature, we are already seeing a significant uplift in sales of products identified as prepared in Canada. Our digital business continues to grow. In addition to enhancing the customer-facing features, we have added free delivery to our No Fill stores in the fourth quarter, introducing new customers to our digital offer. Refreshing the right-hand side of our superstores is another initiative that has created a lot of customer excitement. We have put together a new login for you, with better navigation for customers, extended our range across many categories, and introduced new and exciting brands, all underpinned by action-oriented offers. We need more call to action. We're just getting started. We have three pilot stores, and we expect to roll this upgrade to many more stores this year. The uniqueness and strengths of our Pharma Pre and Service Rockmart pharmacies continue to impress me. This is just an incredible asset, unlike any pharmacy I have come across through my career, and we're investing to grow our network and better position it for the future. We are bringing customers more value to convenience-focused shops, and we strengthen our leadership position in cosmetics, adding new brands and targeting younger customers. We're improving our processes, rolling out central field capabilities, and improving app-based scheduling for pharmacy appointments. By the end of 2025, we had built over 250 new in-store customer care clinics where our pharmacists can offer private patient care. Last year, our pharmacists provided 3.1 million prescribing services, and we expect demand to grow as provinces expand the scope of care for pharmacists. For a decade, our new store growth across our food and pharmacy business has led Canadian population growth. Our team has now developed a very strong pipeline. In 2024, we opened 50 new stores, growing our retail square footage by 1.1%. We're now even better positioned to meet the growing demand for hard discount groceries with the addition of 12 new No Frills stores, the conversion of 30 stores to Maxi, and the opening of five new Maxi stores in Quebec. These stores are performing very well. Looking ahead, we plan to accelerate our growth, adding approximately 80 new stores this year, focusing on hard discount and as well focusing on pharmacists. In December, we proudly celebrated a very successful opening of our first TNT stores in the US. You were thinking that TNT was only a Canadian thing, I can tell you it's not anymore. In our first of two planned stores in Seattle, our new TNT is just exciting new customers and setting a new sales record. Just two months in, this 55,000 square foot store continues to outperform every store in our network. Just last week, we also opened our second TNT store in downtown Toronto, just steps away from Yonge and Thunder Square. I'm really proud of what the team has accomplished, and I can't wait to see what the new stores are bringing us. This month, we will begin shipping frozen products from our fully automated 1.2 million square foot distribution center outside the DTA. This DC will deliver improved capacity and efficiency for the future. This year will demonstrate a carefully planned ramp-up of volume in frozen, then fresh, and finally ambient products. I'm proud to note that the DC will be equipped with a massive array of solar panels, expected to be the largest rooftop solar array in Canada. Our ESG principles remain embedded in everything that we do. Today, we are providing an early release of our 2024 ESG disclosures. We hope you'll visit our website to catch up on some of the great work we have accomplished against our two main pillars of advancing social equity and fighting climate change. I would like to acknowledge the importance of the work our PC Children's Heritage Shoeba Foundation for Women's Health Organization does across the country. Together with our customers, colleagues, and suppliers, we collaborate on dozens of initiatives and raised more than $35 million in the year. We have put that money to work, feeding almost a million children in our local schools, and provided more than $12 million in support of initiatives that improve women's access to care in Canada. Just last week, the Shoa Foundation for Women's Health announced a $10 million donation to the Manitoba government's new healing and empowerment funds. Our everyday focus remains on retail excellence, executing well across our operations, and maintaining an unrelenting focus on our customers. This is what allows us to continue to invest in our business and in growth. We are really excited and optimistic entering the new year. Our portfolio of businesses remains strong and well-positioned to deliver for Canadians who are increasingly turning to us for quality, value, service, and convenience. I'd like to extend a heartfelt thank you to all our colleagues for their pursuit of these goals every single day and for what they are doing for our customers. Thank you.
Roy McDonald: Thank you, Per. It's Constantine. Would you remind those dialed in of the process for asking questions?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. You will hear a prompt that your hand has been raised. Should you wish to decline from the polling process, please press star followed by the number two. If you are using a speakerphone, please make sure to lift your handset before pressing any keys. Your first question comes from the line of Irene Nattel from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Irene Nattel: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. From everything that you just said, it sounds as though you exited 2024 with accelerating momentum across the platform, putting aside the issue of the lower sales in electronics and front store shoppers. Can you talk to us a little bit about what is driving that momentum? You know, what is your PC Optimum and PC bank data telling you about sort of your share of customer wallet? Is it really mostly you said conventional is up, but, you know, what is it doing more discounts? And how we should think about that unfolding in 2025? Thank you.
Richard Dufrin: If I could start, Irene, I think we finished the year quite strongly from a share perspective, as Per mentioned, and that momentum is carrying through. And as we discussed, we've opened many, many stores last year, and typically, those stores open more later than at the beginning of the year, and so on as we start 2025, we're benefiting from the full momentum of all of these stores. So that is definitely a factor. On front store specific, you probably remember that in the fall, we had a pretty mild fall. So we did mention that cough and cold sales were pretty weak in the fall compared to peak periods we've experienced. But if you look outside now, here in Toronto, I can tell you it's all white everywhere, and it's minus ten degrees. So cough and cold sales since the beginning of January have been very, very strong, and they continue beyond what is typically the normal season. So we're getting a benefit in front store. That's what essentially was a delay. So those factors along with new stores are what's giving us momentum as we start the year.
Perbank: Thanks, Vincent. And if I can add, we ended the year very strong on a market share again, and we also, as I said, had the best market share gain in a decade. And we also do expect to have another record year on market share this year. But I also do believe that a lot of the initiatives that we put in place last year, the longer we go, the more they are embedded in our stores, and the more they are working in our favor. Just think about, you know, removing the multiples and also something that we not talk about that often is that we have combined the real Canadian superstores with the Atlantic superstores. So now we have 180 superstores from coast to coast, allowing us to harmonize and get the synergies from that. So there's a lot of things that's going on. Not least our hard discount, creating even more momentum. The small stores that we have put in place, so about 14 of them last year, are doing really, really well. And just as one example of the things that we're doing, just the coupon promotion that the customers, they can get savings on pots and pans. We sold four years of cookware in the duration of that campaign. And some of that stuff is really, really exciting our customers. And we'll do more of these things this year. So there's a lot of good things and just the TNT that I know that you have visited many times, I mean, it was the fastest growing of our formats last year, and it's continuing to outperform. So I think with our superstores, our convenience stores, our hard discounts, our TNT, and not least our shoppers, we have a good store portfolio that caters for all of our customers' needs.
Irene Nattel: That's great. Thank you. And just one follow-up note, we're talking about new stores. I've been getting a lot of questions from investors about the drag, the drag on gross margins and performance. As you both accelerate the new store opening and also as you open the frozen DC. Can you talk about how we should expect to see this in your financial results? And the degree of confidence you have in delivering to your financial framework notwithstanding, those headwinds. Thank you.
Richard Dufrin: Good question, Irene. So these two specific events are quantified. And that has been incorporated in our plan and form part of the guidance that we are providing to you this morning. I.e., we know what the impact of earnings drag that these new stores are going to have. We know the impact of the ramp-up of East Guillain Barre. And all of this is in. And I can tell you, like, we're sort of like two months in. East Guillain Barre started operation in January, and we're on plan. We're on plan. So we definitely feel good on that. And we're just starting new stores that we have two new stores that have opened since January now.
Perbank: And I think also you should see the new stores as a guarantee for the future because adding 50 last year, 80 this year, and don't know how many next year. That's too early to tell because just talking about, like, the second year, a new store is performing. It's growing maybe three, four, five, six times the normal same-store growth than a normalized store. So then we will start to see a lot of tailwind after a few years. So our strategy is really to grow our sales, but also get leverage on cost and thereby keep the cost low. And that's all in our plans. So I believe with our strategy, which I very strongly believe in, we can both deliver the short term, the medium term, and the long term.
Irene Nattel: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Carden from UBS. Please go ahead.
Mark Carden: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions. So to start, you're planning on adding another 80 stores in 2025, including 50 hard discount stores. Did you guys look out over the course of the next few years how do you think about the longer-term opportunity for unit growth? Could this pace be sustained beyond 2025? Even if population growth slows? Just your general thoughts there.
Perbank: I think it's sure to say how many stores we will build in 2026, but we don't build stores on behalf of population growth. We find white spots in the cities where we don't have a lot of sales and a lot of mention that already. So we don't see a lot of on our existing store portfolio by building these new stores. It's like 90 to 95% extra sales for us. So even where we have another closed store, next to, like, when we build a new hard discount, actually creating more footfall to both stores, both our conventional stores, and our hard discount stores. So for us, it's a very, very good way for us to continue to grow our offer. And, again, we're not growing more than 1.1% square footage growth in Canada. It sounds like a lot of stores, maybe because we haven't opened a lot of stores in the past. But also if I compare to other countries and the size of Canada, 80 stores is not a lot. And we also have ambitions to continue to grow our top line. And, again, that tailwind that we will give over time from our new stores will be important for us to sustain the growth going forward.
Mark Carden: Great. That's helpful. Thanks. And then with respect to potential tariffs, how much exposure do you have to imports from the US? You talked about fresh produce. How do you think about exposure on the packaged goods front? And then how we pivot your sourcing?
Perbank: Thanks. No. Yeah. No. Thanks. That's a really good question. And first of all, it's less than 10% of our COGS that we buy from the US. And it's mostly in produce if tariffs are applied on produce. That's where we would be mostly impacted. And we're looking at it, and we have some really, really good friends how we can mitigate. So on product, it's probably the most difficult. I think we can probably mitigate half of our suppliers. And we are seeing these tariffs as a kind of a tax on product that will hurt consumers on both sides of the board and the force. We really understand your affordability challenges that many Canadians continue to face. But we also believe that on products, for example, if tariffs are applied, they will buy less of that produce that comes from the US with a tax on. So, of course, it's how they opt to work hard with suppliers and try to mitigate as much of the impact as possible. So that's produce. I think that's the obvious one. But if we just take one example, you mentioned, like, kind of the center of store. So household and cleaning, that's one area where we have more than 30 vendors coming from the US. But we also have a very, very strong control brand portfolio in household and cleaning. We have our no name and our PC. And if the tariffs, it will be applied on household and cleaning, then, of course, those products will not be competitive anymore. And all the sales will go to our control brands, and they're all produced in Canada. So that's good for Canada, good for customers, and it's good for us. But of course, we have a very, very detailed plan on how to mitigate it, but overall, it's again, it's less than 10% of our
Mark Carden: It's really good context. So much, and good luck, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Van Elst from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Michael Van Elst: Hi. Good morning. I just want to finish off on the square footage side of it and I understood your the response to your earlier questions, but I'm also wondering if as you plan out your real estate expansion, have you changed your return on invested capital parameters and hurdle rates you know, as you look as you add increasing amount of store new stores?
Richard Dufrin: No. Like, Mike, if you look at our plans for 2025, are all approved. Like, right now, when we're meeting, we're approving stores for 2026 now. So all our plans were approved, and we benefited from the dozen of small format stores we've opened last year to fine-tune our model. And so that became the basis for what the site we chose for 2025. And so but, no, we are not lowering down our returns.
Perbank: And, Mike, I know you know that, but still, 80 sounds like a lot, but a lot of those stores are small stores. And it's not it's not 80 superstore buildings. There's a lot of shoppers and a lot of small hard discount stores. And first of all, they don't cost as much. So they don't take as much CapEx to, you know, and the square footage is down to eight to ten thousand square feet. So also putting that in perspective, I think because we're changing the way that we build new stores, it sounds like a lot, but actually on the square footage, it's less.
Michael Van Elst: Yeah. It sounds like I think earlier you said you know, not quite 2% square footage growth. Although it seems like most of your peers are also adding one to two one to one and a half percent at a time when there's no population growth expected over the next few years. So I just wonder you might be moving into other white space but you've got your competitors that might be moving into your territories, and I'm just wondering how you're planning modeling that in your guidance.
Richard Dufrin: So we're modeling that. Like, we know exactly where everybody's going. Like, because you're in the real estate world, like, you see where people are doing workload, and so we take that into consideration as to where we put stores, and it's a market-by-market analysis. As Per mentioned, we're not basing our store decision based on population to come. We're making store decisions based on the population that is here today. So this is always how we make our decisions. And so therefore, based on what we've seen with the dozen small format we did, our other stores, that's how we decided where we're planting the fifty-ish food stores and thirty-ish shoppers during market next year.
Perbank: And again, in an international perspective, it's not a lot of stores that I know it's not it's a lot compared to the past, but it's not that many new stores into Canada. And of course, there would be, you know, other formats will be impacted, but there's also a lot of other stores that are not, you know, among the big four that will be impacted.
Michael Van Elst: Okay. Alright. And then just on, you know, the competitive environment, and your gross margin performance, you clearly had some good market share gains in the quarter or at least tonnage gains in the quarter. But when I look at your implied inflation rates, it sounds like you're maybe closer to one on inflation when the, you know, the CPI was, was over 2%. It was closer to two and a half. So and of course, your gross margins were down, and maybe let maybe we call it flat if we some of these timing differences in that. But, yeah, with flat gross margins, and, you know, tonnage gains, flat gross margins increasing, so you're seeing a little bit more a competitive market out there, or is that lower inflation that you're recording more related to trade down into private label and other factors.
Richard Dufrin: So, Mike, the market continues to be rational. Like, as it's been for a long time in Canada. And so and what you're seeing is, like, more and more stability, I think that's how to think about it. Like, gross margin as we start this year, like, we're gonna be back to normal. Okay? Like, our outlook for this year is to have slightly increased gross margin, like we did last year. And but, like, in Q4, was a bit of a blip for the factors we mentioned. The Canada Post thing was a bit of a surprise for us because we were essentially caught in the busiest season of Canada Post, and we have over 800 Canada Post outlets in Shoppers Drug Mart. And so both traffic and the sales performance of those outlets were essentially shut. And so that affected the that really affected gross margin in Q4. But going forward, when we look at where we are now, we're like, three-quarters two-thirds of Q1 done and we sort of feel that that's behind us.
Michael Van Elst: K. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tammy Chen from BMO Capital Market. Please go ahead.
Tammy Chen: Thanks. Good morning. I want to wrap up the discussion on inflation food inflation. How are you thinking about that this year versus last year? You talked a bit about the exchange rate, but it looks like you know, you said 10% really of your buys from the US. And you've also mentioned the vendor price at. So I just wanted to start there and get a sense of how you're expecting food inflation to trend through this year versus last year.
Perbank: Yeah. If I start, then I'm pleased to say that we have seen normalized inflation for almost nine months now and also continued into January. So we are pleased, especially because customers, they are still having a tough time. And we will do of course, our utmost to continue to keep prices low, whether that's pulling pushing back on increases on for suppliers. That's at least some of the things that we can do and, of course, give customers the opportunity to go to our discount, to buy into our known names, give them great promotions. But, of course, the effect has an impact. And, if the Canadian dollar continues to weaken, that will be a further impact on inflation. But if it's strengthened, then it will be positive for the consumers. And on tariffs, it is still too early to say. And, again, if tariffs are put on specific products, customers have the opportunity to mitigate that by buying Canadian products or buying products with no tariffs on. And we are doing a lot to help them navigate and make that even clearer to them how they can do that.
Richard Dufrin: Yeah. Just add some specificity around numbers. No? Then probably touch both Mike's question and your question, Tammy, like, CPI in the quarter was 2.4%, our own internal measure of CPI, which is called LPI, which is a carbon copy of CPI using our stuff, our products. That was slightly lower than 2.4%. Our average article price, which is what customers are buying, was significantly lower, and Mike was in the zone. In terms of what that number is. And that is the number that really is part of same-store sales. And so we've seen stability in those figures for most of 2024. But because FX started to turn, because the peak was around end of September, and it touched as low as 68 cents a few weeks ago. So that is inflationary, and we've started to feel it quite seriously over the last few weeks. So it's definitely starting to show. But, like, can't predict the future as to where it's gonna go from here.
Tammy Chen: Okay. Thank you for that. And then my follow-up question this year. I understand, I think, most of them will be your small format No Frills and some additional Maxis. Can you remind us for those two formats how quickly you expect the sales to ramp to maturity based on what you've seen in the existing stores of those formats? And, also, specifically on the small No Frills, I'm just curious. I think most of the stores you've opened right now are in more downtown urban locations. And so what has been the learning there and what provides you the confidence that this format will also resonate in, say, places like the suburbs and rural regions. Thank you.
Perbank: Thank you. First of all, it will probably, you know, depend on by, you know, store by store, but the normal rule of thumb is that a retail store will take it, like, three to four years to normalize sales. Which is also positive because then you will have over and above same-store sales for about three years after the first opening year. So it would take some time. But still, we are off to a very good start and see that we're getting to the sales numbers that we expected. Some of them even much better. And what was there was no another question. Right?
Tammy Chen: No. I think that's it. Okay.
Operator: Oh, sorry. We're moving on to the next question, sir.
Roy McDonald: Do you wanna jump back in, Tammy? And we'll catch the second half of your question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Petrie from CIBC. Please go ahead.
Mark Petrie: Hey. Good morning. Thanks. I wanted to ask about shoppers. You know, you've made some important shifts to the offering, and I guess, obviously, you know, thinking of the exit of electronics, but also and even more so the adjustments you've made to price and promo and sort of the go-to-market approach, especially in food and consumables. So just curious and to hear your thoughts about you know, sort of what you learned about the business and learned about the customer from those adjustments.
Perbank: First of all, we are seeing some very positive impact from our customers. So we have we lowered prices of hundred food items in Java. So in every aisle, that you walk, you will see the below our products. And, of course, it's important because customers, they are seeking more and more value also in shoppers. Exiting electronics is good for us because customers, they can now use the points on some of the products that they love the most. Some of the beauty products, which is good for both us and for customers. Because having electronics in the shop was not really great adjacent product categories, and it was not in line with what we sell overall in shoppers. So we're seeing some good momentum coming out of last year and as Richard alluded to into the first quarter. So we feel good about Shoppers also on the pharmacy side, not only the front store. On the pharmacy, we're seeing some really good growth. And also the GLP p one is still growing very, very nicely.
Mark Petrie: And does that sort of does that response and I guess specifically in food, does that sort of set the stage for other adjustments that you might make, or are you kind of satisfied with what you've done so far and now it's more status quo?
Perbank: No. I think in retail, it's never status quo. I think we always follow and watch if we need to do some corrections, but for now, we're good. We're not coming up with a lot of new changes tomorrow. And also a lot of the initiatives that we started last year, we need to see them work. Because it takes some time really to resonate with our customers. But for sure, we'll continue to make adjustments if needed.
Mark Petrie: Okay. Thanks. And then following up on the tariff question, I'm just curious if sort of, in the conversations that you're having with your suppliers, if all of the trade and supply chain affects how they have approached the market at all. With regards to their promotion or product innovation pipelines.
Perbank: Not so far. So far, everything is as Houston, but, of course, going forward, if you have 25% tax tariffs on Kellogg's if that should come so far. Then, of course, we will probably promote our control brands instead of Kellogg's because nobody will buy it if it's 25% more. So I think, yes, it will have some impact, but for now, no impact.
Mark Petrie: Yeah. Understood. And if I could just squeeze in one more. I know you're very pleased with the early results from the TNT in Seattle. Just hoping you could talk a bit more about your plans for growth in the US specifically and the total size of the opportunity as you see it.
Perbank: Yeah. No. For now, we stick to the plan of opening seven stores. As a kind of a test and a trial. That's what we're speaking to, but when that said, we're just overwhelmed with the success that Shenay Lee and the team are having in the US. But for now, we're sticking to the trial of the seven stores, and we are following that closely. But, yes, we are so pleased with what we're seeing right now.
Mark Petrie: Understood. For all the comments and all the Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Vishal Shreedhar from National Bank. Your line is now open.
Vishal Shreedhar: Thank you. Switching gears to financial and the ECL release. Is Loblaw expecting a more constructive consumer environment or is that more of a reflection of that the prior provisioning was over conservative and the adjustment reflects more current thinking.
Richard Dufrin: Okay. So the ECL is a black box. It's very much driven by unemployment forecasts prepared by economists. And so specifically what happened is the buildup of the ECL in Q4 this year was less than the buildup of last year. So year over year, it created a benefit. So it's actually impossible to predict. I've tried. And so it's a bit of a volatile number that moves every quarter. But, like, overall, as of Q4, the health of the consumer was getting slightly better in Canada. Yes.
Vishal Shreedhar: Okay. Thank you. And the PC Optimum, the charge related to higher member participation and redemption rates. How is management interpreting that increasing partnership reflection of the offering or something that Loblaw is doing or is that more reflection of consumers seeking more value?
Richard Dufrin: Yeah. So let me walk you through what specifically happened here. So that rate was set, like, when we PC plus and PC Optimum probably, I don't know, six, seven, eight years ago. And we never touched that redemption rate. And so as the year evolved, we saw like, picking up of redemption. And so after a certain number of years, you need to validate whether or not this is the right assumption. And so, therefore, we made the decision to increase the redemption rate by some one-ish percent more than what it was. And that's what resulted in the one-time liability. We feel that that's gonna give us room for, like, many, many, many years going forward, but you're right. What it reflects is that more and more consumers are liking PC Optimum and are using it. And so from our perspective, it's a nonrecurring, noncash charge, and we're more than happy to do it. Because it reflects what's happening in our stores.
Vishal Shreedhar: Okay. And are you able to quantify the impact of the postal strike and specifically the electronics exiting category on shoppers?
Richard Dufrin: Yes. We know exactly Vishal, but we won't tell you.
Vishal Shreedhar: Sorry. Okay.
Richard Dufrin: The postal strike also related to the lack of flyers and
Vishal Shreedhar: No. Did that you?
Richard Dufrin: Strike was essentially lost traffic, and we could actually measure it. Like, if you look at a store that had a post office in it versus a store that didn't have it, you could markedly see that the store with a post office when the strike happened, like, traffic went down. And so that was overall store front store impact on the whole business. Then there was the profitability associated with running the Canada Post outlet itself. That essentially went to zero at the time of the year where everybody's trying to send Christmas cards to their families. So we didn't sell Christmas cards, and we didn't send any Christmas cards. So it was sort of the worst time for this to happen, and we really felt it. And it was interesting to see that the moment that the strike ended, we saw people come back to our store.
Perbank: And we could easily verify that because we have 800 with and 500 without. So for us, it's easy measurable.
Vishal Shreedhar: Okay. And then just one last one here. In terms of the smaller formats, stores. You know, after the trial period and customers go to them, are you finding that they're sticking? Like, is there ability to do a full shop constrained and that creating issues with customer satisfaction, or is that not an issue?
Perbank: I'm glad that you asked that question because the small stores have a range of 7,000 to 8,000 products. So you are absolutely able to do a full shop. We might have less phasing. So instead of having the same product like three side by side, we might only have one or two. And compared to the German discounters like Aldi, they would probably have a range of two and a half to three thousand, and they still claim that you can do a full job. So our hard discount in Canada is very different from hard discount elsewhere. And you can do a nice full shop in the hotness going to, of course, not with the same range as you can get in some of our conventional stores. So it is a different shopping trip, you can definitely do a full shop. Which is also why it's so successful and why so many customers like it. Also, because it's fast in and out, and a lot of customers, they like time. So if they can do a shopping trip in 15 minutes instead of maybe spending 40 minutes, they're happily, you know, willing to do that. And we look at sales on a weekly basis, and those store sales are not dropped. They're actually going up every week. So people like them and continue to shop them more and more.
Vishal Shreedhar: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Zamparo from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
John Zamparo: Thank you. Good morning. I want to come back to the same-store sales and you referenced the strong start to the year. I wonder what you're seeing from consumers over the last few weeks, both on the shift in sentiment from tariff talk and also the theme of buying Canadian either Canadian brands or Canadian retailers. And as always, appreciate your disclosures on LinkedIn, but I wonder if you can add more color on this subject and just overall what you're seeing over the past three weeks or so.
Perbank: Yeah. I can say that they are really seeking to buy more Canadian products. So again, when I'm out in stores, so every single person I meet they want help and guidance on how they can buy more Canadian products. And we are really trying to do everything we can to help them. One of our features on the swap to Canadian that our digital team has done, like, in a few days, we're seeing an uplift of 75% week on week of how many of our customers who are tapping into that feature and using it. And in-store I don't have last week's number, but I have the week before. And it was approximately about 10% uplift in Canadian products, and that's even before we have done a great, great job in helping them navigate in our stores. So mid next week, we will have the tankers and the flags on all products prepared in Canada. In our stores. So we will probably see a further uplift there when it comes to that. Else, I think customers are behaving more or less the same as last year. So there's not a lot of change. They're still buying a lot into our promotions. They are buying into our private labels, especially our no name is doing very well. And then still we're seeing the shift to discount.
Richard Dufrin: We're seeing good tonnage performance as the year starts. As I said earlier, like, the effects are definitely affecting inflation, and so that's the factor that we're now starting to see every in ourselves.
John Zamparo: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then as a follow-up, I wanted to ask about the retail media business. I wonder if you expect this portion of the business to reach sufficient scale where you plan to add more to disclosure on it and how did that business perform to end 2024.
Perbank: Yeah. We're seeing a good uplift this year. And still not enough to disclose it for you, but it's up double-digit in probably this year and we expect it to continue to be. So hopefully, not that long till we can start to report on it.
Richard Dufrin: Yeah. Both our retail media business and trade as a service. Business will grow double-digit earnings in 2025.
John Zamparo: Great. Thank you very much. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, if you'd like to decline from the polling process, please press star followed by the number two. If you are using a speakerphone, please make sure to lift your handset before pressing keys. Your next question comes from the line of Chris Lee from Desjardins. Please go ahead.
Chris Lee: Hi. Good afternoon. Just maybe a question on the outlook for the year. Richard, you mentioned that you expect gross margin to increase modestly this year. Is that mainly driven by more shrinking improvement in shoppers?
Richard Dufrin: Yes. Like, what we're expecting to see based on what you heard us talk about on this call is you're probably gonna see a little bit more top-line growth because of new stores that we opened last year and more stores this year in a low inflation environment. So that's definitely what we have in our plan. We're gonna see a slight increase in gross margin rate. That's part of our plan. You're gonna see a very slight deterioration in SG&A rate, driven by East Guillain Barre and new stores. And overall, all of this will allow us to deliver the high single-digit growth for EPS. To which you need to add 2% for the fifty-third week that we're gonna be experiencing this year. That's our outlook for 2025.
Chris Lee: That okay. That's clear. And my follow-up was, I guess, the cadence of that high single-digit EPS growth, you we should expect pretty steady
Richard Dufrin: Yeah. You should expect the way we budgeted the year, like, each quarter looks a lot like the other. So you should not see much volatility. That's our hope and plan. But that's how we've plotted the year. So yes.
Chris Lee: Perfect. Thanks, and all the best.
Operator: You. Are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call over to Roy McDonald for closing remarks. Sir, please go ahead.
Roy McDonald: Great. Thanks for your time and the great questions this morning. Give me a shout if you have any follow-ups, and, Mark, you're your calendar for Wednesday, April 30th, when we will be discussing our Q1 results. Have a great day, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-05 00:00:00) =====
James Tisch: [ The transcript was presubmitted by Loews Corporation. No live call was conducted for the first quarter earnings call. ]
 Good morning and welcome to our first quarter 2024 earnings report. Loews had an exceptional quarter, reporting net income of $457 million or $2.05 per share compared to net income of $375 million or $1.61 per share in the first quarter of 2023. The more-than-20% year-over-year increase in net income is due to strong results at CNA and Boardwalk, as well as higher net investment income at the parent company. While Jane will provide more details about our resultsin her remarks, I wanted to highlight CNA's stellar first quarter.
 We were pleased to see that the company reported underlying underwriting income in excess of $200 million for the fourth quarter in a row. CNA's results also included a 16% year-over-year increase in net investment income due to higher reinvestment rates and improved LP and common stock results. While the LP and common stock portfolios are subject to yearly fluctuations, we expect higher yields in the fixed income portfolio to be a tailwind for the foreseeable future.
 For the remainder of my remarks, I'd like to review three headlines: executive changes at Boardwalk Pipelines, new developments at Loews Hotels and share repurchases. A few weeks ago, Boardwalk announced that Stan Horton will retire as CEO in June and will be succeeded by Scott Hallam, who is currently the company's President and Chief Operating Officer.
 Stan will retain his position on Boardwalk's Board of Directors and Scott will also join Boardwalk's Board. Stan joined Boardwalk in 2011 and has been instrumental in guiding the company through significant growth and transformation, establishing it as a key player in the midstream industry. We are deeply grateful for Stan's leadership and expertise, which -- in conjunction with the contributions of Boardwalk's talented management team and employees -- have transformed Boardwalk into the operationally and financially strong business that it is today. Stan led a team that invested in significant growth projects and new acquisitions. These projects resulted in substantial growth and significantly improved the quality of the company. In particular, Stan was responsible for identifying the natural gas liquids market as an attractive growth area and successfully building a large NGL transportation and storage business.
 More recently, Stan also enhanced the quality and stability of Boardwalk's revenues by converting its customer base from mostly gas marketers and producers to mostly end users -- primarily power generators, LNG exporters and industrial companies. Finally, Stan achieved these remarkable results at Boardwalk while operating with the highest level of integrity. Loews could not have asked for a better or more collaborative partner. Stan has established a solid foundation for future success and is leaving Boardwalk with a deep bench of talent and a strong balance sheet.
 Boardwalk's next leader, Scott Hallam, joined the company in September of 2023, bringing with him over two decades of upstream, midstream, and downstream experience in the natural gas and NGL industries. Prior to joining Boardwalk, Scott was a Senior Vice President at the Williams Companies and had held leadership roles in numerous areas such as Operations, Commercial, Engineering, Construction, Environmental and Safety. Over the past seven months, we have been impressed with Scott's leadership and knowledge of the pipeline industry. We are excited to work with Scott in his new role and are confident that Boardwalk will continue to excel under his leadership. Of course, it goes without saying that a business's performance is not solely dependent on the CEO.
 Boardwalk has a fantastic management team that will continue to operate the business in partnership with Scott. Loews Hotels opened its much-anticipated 888-room property in Arlington, Texas this quarter. The Loews Arlington Hotel began welcoming customers on February 13th, and has already attracted substantial group business due to its prime location next to three professional sports stadiums and the National Medal of Honor Museum, scheduled to open in April of 2025.
 The Loews Arlington contains about 250,000 square feet of best-in-class meeting and event space, including the largest ballroom in North Texas. In Orlando, construction continues on three new hotels with a combined total of 2,000 rooms in conjunction with the opening of Universal theme park's new "Epic Universe" campus. We are excited to announce the opening dates for the first two of those hotels, each of which will have 750 rooms.
 The Universal Stella Nova Resort is expected to open in January of 2025, and the Universal Terra Luna Resort is expected to open in February of 2025. The third property under development, the Universal Grand Helios, will have 500 rooms and is expected to open later in 2025. We look forward to providing more details in the coming months. By the end of 2025, we anticipate Loews Hotels will manage and have a 50% interest in 11 properties in Orlando, with a combined total of 11,000 rooms.
 Next, I want to give you an update on our recent share repurchases. Since the end of 2023 we spent $67 million to repurchase almost 900,000 shares, including just over 200,000 shares in the first quarter and just under 700,000 shares since the end of the first quarter. We slowed down the rate of share repurchases in the first quarter given that Loews's share price was at or near all-time highs.
 For context, Loews shares are now trading about 25% higher than the average price of approximately $60 per share that we paid last year to repurchase 14 million shares. Share repurchases remain integral to our capital allocation strategy and we continue to believe that our stock trades at a discount to its intrinsic value.
 Before I turn it over to Jane to discuss our first quarter results in greater detail, I am sad to report that Joe Rosenberg, Loews's long-time Chief Investment Strategist, passed away last Monday. When I arrived at Loews in June of 1977, my father said to Joe, "Take an hour and teach Jim the business." 47 years later I was still learning from him.
 Joe was the consummate investor, proficient in investing in commodities, fixed income, currencies and stocks. He was a global thinker with a nose for value  and, much more often than not, that nose led to great investments. He loved talking about markets to anyone who had thoughts and insights to offer, and his Rolodex included the best in the investment business. Over the course of his 45-year tenure at Loews Corporation, Joe was a beloved mentor to many of us, and respected by all. He will be sorely missed. 
Jane Wang: For the first quarter of 2024, Loews reported net income of $457 million or $2.05 per share, compared with net income of $375 million or $1.61 per share in last year's first quarter. This yearover-year increase was driven by higher income at CNA and Boardwalk, as well as higher investment income at the parent company.
 Book value per share increased from $70.69 at the end of 2023 to $72.87 at the end of 2024's first quarter, and book value per share excluding AOCI increased from $81.92 at the end of 2023 to $83.68 at the end of the first quarter. These increases were driven by strong earnings in the first quarter. CNA had an excellent first quarter, contributing net income of $310 million to Loews, which represents an increase of $42 million compared to $268 million in the first quarter of last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher net investment income and higher underlying underwriting income, offset by greater catastrophe losses.
 CNA's net investment income increased 16% compared to the first quarter of 2023 as a result of improved LP and common stock returns as well as favorable reinvestment rates on fixed income securities. LP and common stock income increased by $40 million over last year's first quarter. Fixed income results benefited from a more than 10-basis point increase in pre-tax yields to 4.7%. As Jim mentioned, CNA produced another quarter of robust underlying underwriting income, which was driven by continued profitable growth.
 Net earned and net written Property & Casualty premiums increased by 9% and 6%, respectively, compared with the first quarter of 2023. Written premium growth was driven by four points of rate, two points of exposure growth and strong retention at 85%. CNA's combined ratio increased by 0.7 points to 94.6% in the first quarter of 2024 versus 93.9% in the first quarter of last year. That increase was driven by a 1.4-point increase in catastrophe losses, partially offset by favorable prior period development.
 CNA's catastrophe losses of 3.8 points were more in line with typical first quarter losses compared to benign losses in last year's first quarter. The underlying combined ratio increased 0.2 points to 91.0%. During the first quarter of 2024 CNA also issued $500 million of ten-year notes at 5.125% to prefund the company's $550 million maturity in May of this year. Please refer to CNA's Investor Relations website for more details on their results.
 Turning to our natural gas pipeline business, Boardwalk's EBITDA increased by $51 million to $307 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to $256 million in the first quarter of 2023. The 20% increase in EBITDA was driven by higher recontracting rates for natural gas transportation and storage as well as greater product sales. The acquisition of Bayou Ethane and recently completed growth projects also contributed to the year-over-year increase.
 Boardwalk contributed $121 million of net income to Loews in 2024's first quarter, which represents an increase of $35 million from $86 million in the first quarter of 2023. The increase in net income was smaller than the change in EBITDA due to higher depreciation expense from the company's acquisition of Bayou Ethane as well as recently completed growth projects. During the first quarter of 2024, Boardwalk also issued $600 million of notes at 5.625% in order to prefund an upcoming $600 million maturity in December of this year.
 Loews Hotels reported Adjusted EBITDA of $80 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared to $86 million in the first quarter of 2023. The hotel company contributed $16 million of net income to Loews in the first quarter of 2024 versus $24 million in the prior year's first quarter. The main driver of the year-over-year decline was lower occupancy in Orlando due in part to ongoing renovations, partially offset by higher occupancy at city-center hotels as a result of the continued recovery in group travel. Results were impacted by greater depreciation and pre-opening expenses from the company's new property in Arlington.
 Finally, at the parent company, Loews recorded after-tax investment income of $43 million in the first quarter of 2024, which represents an increase of $10 million compared to $33 million in last year's first quarter. The improvement was driven by higher returns on our common stock portfolio. From a cash flow perspective, Loewsreceived $606 million in dividends from CNA and $50 million of distributions from Boardwalk in the first quarter of 2024. Since the end of 2023, we repurchased about 900,000 shares of our common stock at a cost of approximately $67 million. Loews ended 2024's first quarter with $3.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. 
Unknown Executive: Investor Q&A Every quarter, we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance of earnings that they would like us to answer in our remarks. Please see below for the questions we have received, along with some additional questions we found relevant.
 Jim, how will data centers impact natural gas demand and Boardwalk? 
James Tisch: Growth in artificial intelligence has driven and should continue to drive a proliferation of data centers, creating a substantial uptick in U.S. electricity demand. Incremental demand from data centers also coincides with pressure on the grid from the adoption of electric cars and the onshoring of certain manufacturing facilities. Therefore, after more than a decade of stagnation, electricity demand may grow as much as 20% by the end of this decade. The increase in power demand cannot be met by renewables alone given issues with intermittency, land use and permitting new transmission lines. Therefore, new natural gas-fired power plants will need to be constructed. Boardwalk is already seeing attractive growth projects from new power plants that are being built near its pipeline system. 
Unknown Executive: Jane, how has the higher interest rate environment impacted Loews Hotels? 
Jane Wang: The higher interest rate environment has not materially impacted Loews Hotels' ability to refinance its properties, due in large part to its staggered maturities. That being said, the hotel company anticipates that higher rates may impact interest expense as loans mature. However, as the company replaces construction loans with permanent financing, it will likely benefit from lower spreads. It is important to keep in mind that while higher interest rates are a headwind for Loews Hotels, they are actually a tailwind for Loews Corp overall. As a 92% owner of CNA, Loews benefits from the higher rates that CNA earns on its $47 billion investment portfolio. 
Unknown Executive: Jim, are there any updates on the Boardwalk litigation? 
James Tisch: In December of 2022 the Delaware Supreme Court reversed the Delaware Court of Chancery's ruling in favor of the former Boardwalk minority unitholders. The Delaware Court of Chancery held oral arguments on April 12th regarding unresolved issues that the Delaware Supreme Court remanded back to the lower court. We expect a decision from the Chancery Court later this year. Loews has the ability to appeal any unfavorable decision back to the Delaware Supreme Court.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-04 00:00:00) =====
James Tisch: [ The transcript was presubmitted by Loews Corporation. No live call was conducted for the fourth quarter earnings call. ]
 Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter report. Loews had a strong quarter to close out the fiscal year, with each of our consolidated subsidiaries delivering stellar results. Loews's earnings per share increased by more than 80% year-over-year to $6.29 in 2023. All our consolidated companies experienced strong growth during 2023, and all of them performed well.
 CNA experienced robust growth during the year and reported record core income of nearly $1.3 billion, a more than 50% increase over 2022's core income. The company's net written and net earned premiums increased by 9% and 10% respectively, driven by higher rates, an 11% increase in new business, and strong retention of 85%. Additionally, CNA's earnings growth was fueled by its investment portfolio, which contributed $459 million more pre-tax income this year, split evenly between CNA's fixed income portfolio, and LP and common stock returns. While the LP and common stock portfolios are prone to yearly fluctuations (CNA earned 9.4% this year versus a 1.4% loss in 2022), we would expect the boost from CNA's fixed income portfolio to be a tailwind that remains with us for the foreseeable future.
 On the underwriting side, CNA's growth did not come at the expense of profitability. The company's yearly combined ratio was 93.5% and the company had record underwriting income of $585 million. We remain impressed by the CNA management team's strategies for delivering greater profitability. They continue to build productive relationships with key distribution partners, to mitigate the long-tailed risk of their run-off long-term care book, and to pursue a disciplined approach to capital management.
 Given the strength of CNA's business, I continue to find the market's valuation of CNA perplexing. As I discussed last quarter, the company has grown substantially and has become markedly more profitable. Nonetheless, the company's share price is almost 20% lower today than it was at the beginning of 2018. Our view is that CNA is a compelling value, and for that reason, we purchased 4.5 million shares of CNA common stock for approximately $178 million in 2023. We continue to be bullish on the outlook for CNA's business.
 Boardwalk Pipelines also had a great year, reporting full year 2023 EBITDA of $929 million. The company benefited from stronger natural gas flows and improved pricing. Natural gas remains an essential part of our nation's energy future because it efficiently fuels the generation of dispatchable electricity. Boardwalk also completed the acquisition of Bayou Ethane for $355 million from Williams Companies in September of 2023. Bayou Ethane is a 380-mile ethane pipeline running from Mont Belvieu, Texas to the Mississippi River Corridor in Louisiana. This pipeline is a good strategic fit for Boardwalk's existing gas liquids business.
 Loews Hotels performed well this year with Adjusted EBITDA of $328 million. This represents a substantial increase from the company's pre-pandemic Adjusted EBITDA resulting from improved profitability, the addition of new properties, and the divestment of less profitable assets. The hotel company also made substantial investments in its growth during 2023 which are not yet reflected in its earnings. The company's new, nearly 900-room hotel in Arlington, Texas is slated to open next week on February 13th and rooms and events are already booked into 2030. Loews Hotels has a 50% interest in, and will manage, three properties with a total of 2,000 rooms under construction on the Universal campus in Orlando. Those hotels are expected to be completed next year, at which point Loews Hotels will have a 50% interest in a total of 11 hotels with 11,000 rooms at Universal Orlando.
 Share repurchases remained Loews's most significant capital allocation lever in 2023. We repurchased 14 million shares for a total cost of $852 million, which amounts to about 6% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. These repurchases were done at an average price of just over $60 per share.
 Although Loews's stock price has performed well over the past year, we continue to believe that our shares are undervalued. Since the end of 2018, we have repurchased over 91 million shares of Loews common stock at an average price of just over $51 per share and reduced our share count by about 29%. As long as our shares trade below our view of their intrinsic value, we will continue to repurchase them.
 In conclusion, let me emphasize that it is no accident that Loews and our subsidiaries have had such a good year, given the talent, hard work, and dedication of our employees throughout the enterprise. I am grateful for their contributions and look forward to another successful year of creating value for all our stakeholders. 
Jane Wang: Good morning. Loews finished 2023 with an outstanding fourth quarter, reporting net income of $446 million or $1.99 per share, which compares favorably to net income of $355 million or $1.49 per share in the prior year's fourth quarter. The increase of 26% was driven by higher underwriting and investment income from CNA and higher income from Boardwalk, partially offset by lower investment income at Loews parent company.
 For the full year, Loews reported net income of $1.434 billion or $6.29 per share compared to $822 million or $3.38 per share in 2022. The 74% increase in net income was driven by strong operating performance at our subsidiaries and higher investment income at the parent company. As a reminder, 2022 results have been adjusted to reflect the application of the LDTI (long duration targeted improvement) accounting standard related to CNA's run-off long-term care business.
 Book value per share increased from $60.81 at the end of 2022 to $70.69 at the end of 2023. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, book value per share increased by 9% from $74.88 to $81.92. The increase was driven by strong 2023 earnings and accretive share repurchases.
 CNA had a terrific fourth quarter, contributing net income of $336 million to Loews, compared to $214 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. The $122 million year-over-year improvement was driven by higher net investment income as well as higher underwriting income, driven mostly by lower catastrophe losses.
 For the full year, CNA's net income contribution to Loews increased by $482 million to $1.094 billion from $612 million in 2022. That improvement was driven by higher net investment income and continued strong profitable growth within the P&C insurance business, as well as improved results within Life & Group. For the year, CNA's after-tax net investment income contribution to Loews increased by $327 million driven by both higher fixed income yields and LP and common stock returns. Pre-tax yields on CNA's fixed income portfolio increased by almost 30 basis points from 4.4% to 4.7%. During 2023, LPs and common stocks in the CNA portfolio together posted a 9.4% return versus a negative 1.4% return in 2022.
 On the underwriting side, CNA's strong profitable growth resulted in another year of record underwriting results. The company's underlying combined ratio of 90.9% improved by 30 basis points from 91.2% in 2022. The overall combined ratio was slightly higher at 93.5% driven by less favorable prior year development, which offset lower catastrophe losses.
 CNA continued to post strong profitable growth, increasing net written premiums by 9% year over year. This was driven by five points of rate, two points of exposure growth, and an 11% increase in new business. Net earned premium growth was also strong at 10%, which represents an increase of three points year-over-year.
 Results in the company's run-off Life & Group business improved substantially driven by a smaller negative impact from the company's annual reserve review (completed in the third quarter of each year) and higher net investment income. During 2023, CNA also de-risked its long-term care reserves through policyholder buyouts, spending $193 million to buy out approximately 6,600 policies. These cash buyout offers are based on the policies' statutory reserves, which are generally higher than GAAP reserves, resulting in a small GAAP charge. As I have said in the past, we believe this is the right strategy because it reduces CNA's exposure and de-risks the business over the long term.
 Please refer to CNA's Investor Relations website for more details on their results.
 Turning to our natural gas pipeline business. Boardwalk's EBITDA increased by $12 million to $260 million in the fourth quarter compared to $248 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. For the full year, EBITDA increased by $37 million to $929 million in 2023 from $892 million in 2022. As a reminder, EBITDA is defined and reconciled on page 10 of this document. Boardwalk's 2023 fourth quarter and full year net income also increased by $9 million and $36 million year over year to $92 million and $283 million, respectively. Boardwalk's strong performance was driven by higher recontracting rates and higher utilization of pipeline and storage assets, as well as contribution from its acquisition of Bayou Ethane in the fourth quarter. This revenue growth was partially offset by higher costs from maintenance projects due to revised pipeline safety requirements.
 Loews Hotels reported another year of robust profitability in 2023. Fourth quarter Adjusted EBITDA and net income results were essentially flat year over year, driven by a return to pre-pandemic occupancy levels in Orlando, offset by higher occupancy in city center hotels and other resorts. Full year Adjusted EBITDA was $328 million versus $345 million in 2022. The year-over-year decline was driven by higher pre-opening expenses related to Loews Hotels' new property in Arlington, Texas, as well as lower management fees due to hotels exiting the portfolio. Full year occupancy remained strong at 80% in 2023 compared to 79% in 2022. As a reminder, Adjusted EBITDA is defined and reconciled on pages 11 and 12 of these remarks. On a net income basis, the year-over-year increase from $117 million to $147 million was driven by a $36 million after-tax gain related to Loews Hotels' acquisition of an additional equity interest in a previously unconsolidated joint venture.
 Finally, at the parent company, Loews recorded pre-tax investment income of $30 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $92 million in the prior year's fourth quarter due to lower returns on our common stock portfolio. However, on a full year basis, investment returns improved to $114 million versus a slight loss in 2022 due to higher returns on our cash and common stock portfolios. From a cash flow perspective, we received $104 million in dividends from CNA in the fourth quarter of 2023. For the full year 2023, CNA paid Loews $706 million, consisting of four regular quarterly dividends of $0.42 per share and a special dividend of $1.20 per share. We also received a distribution of $300 million from Boardwalk Pipelines in 2023, which was paid in December.
 From October 30 through December 31, we repurchased 1.1 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $77 million. That brings our total 2023 share repurchases to 14 million shares at a total cost of $852 million.
 Loews ended 2023 with $2.6 billion in cash and short-term investments. Today, CNA announced that they increased their regular quarterly dividend to $0.44 and declared a special dividend of $2.00, which amounts to $606 million for Loews, which we expect to receive in March. 
Unknown Executive: Every quarter, we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance of earnings that they would like us to answer in our remarks. Please see below for the questions we have received, along with some additional questions we found relevant.
 How would potential interest rate cuts impact the subsidiaries, particularly CNA? 
Unknown Executive: Lower interest rates are generally not favorable for the insurance industry as they impact future investment income. That said, interest rates are expected to remain substantially higher than they were during and right before the pandemic, which is a positive for CNA. CNA has also taken advantage of the higher interest rate environment in 2023 to lengthen the duration of its investment portfolio, which reduces reinvestment risk.
 Lower rates will also reduce the size of the company's unrealized loss position on its fixed maturity securities portfolio. For example, at the end of the fourth quarter, the company's unrealized loss position improved by about $2.5 billion from about $4.5 billion on September 30, 2023 to about $2.0 billion on December 31, 2023. It is important to note that regardless of prevailing interest rates, CNA will still receive the same cash flows from the fixed income securities that are currently in its portfolio, and the company intends to hold most of those securities to maturity. Therefore, we view the company's unrealized loss position as transitory in nature. 
Unknown Executive: Jim, you mentioned that Loews is trading near an all-time high. How does that impact your share repurchase strategy? 
James Tisch: We continue to believe that our shares trade at a discount to their intrinsic value and therefore share repurchases will remain a key component of our capital allocation strategy. Currently Loews has a market capitalization of $16.2 billion. When you subtract our $10.8 billion stake in CNA (which is a paltry ten times earnings) and our $800 million net cash position, the market is valuing our non-publicly traded subsidiaries at about $4.6 billion. That valuation is extraordinarily cheap when you consider that the sum of Boardwalk's EBITDA and Loews Hotels' Adjusted EBITDA is nearly $1.3 billion. 
Unknown Executive: How much have you invested in the four new developments at Loews Hotels and when do you expect the earnings potential of those hotels to be fully reflected in the financial results? 
Unknown Executive: Loews Hotels has substantially completed its equity investment of nearly $435 million in these four new developments. The total cost incurred for the four properties (including debt and partner equity) through the end of 2023 was $1 billion. Given the hotel company's strong internal cash flow generation, Loews Hotels self-funded the vast majority of its investment in these new projects, with the parent company contributing $38 million in 2023.
 We typically evaluate the attractiveness of new hotel projects using a cash-on-cash return metric. We compare the all-in stabilized cash flow projections to the amount of equity required and we generally target mid-to-high teens returns based on that metric.
 In terms of earnings expectations, it normally takes three to four years after a hotel opens for the property to produce fully stabilized results. 
Unknown Executive: How is the regulatory environment impacting Boardwalk's growth prospects? 
Unknown Executive: Current regulations and permitting requirements regarding new pipeline construction are extremely onerous, which inhibits development of new pipelines. On the positive side, the lack of new pipeline development generally increases demand for existing pipelines.
 While we're on the subject of natural gas pipelines, I would like to say a few words about the recent Biden administration moratorium on new licenses for LNG export facilities. There are two reasons that limiting the construction of these facilities seems absolutely crazy to me. First, to the extent that the U.S. does not export natural gas, other nations will fill that gap and the U.S. will lose out on jobs and GDP. Secondly, if the production and export of natural gas is limited, coal-fired power plants will be utilized instead to generate electricity. A coal plant emits more than twice as much carbon dioxide as a natural gas-fired power plant, so pausing the construction of LNG export facilities will result in an increase  not decrease  in worldwide carbon dioxide emissions.
 What is lost in the discussion about renewables is that we need reliable and dispatchable electricity that can be generated when the sun doesn't shine and the wind doesn't blow. For that reason, I firmly believe that natural gas will remain a critical transition fuel for decades to come. 
Unknown Executive: What is your outlook for the U.S. natural gas market and how does that impact Boardwalk? 
Unknown Executive: We believe that natural gas will remain an essential component of the U.S. energy infrastructure due to its ability to fuel dispatchable electricity. As the country adds more renewables to the grid, the increased volatility in natural gas demand may actually create new pipeline storage revenue opportunities. Boardwalk's assets are also well-located to take advantage of demand growth in the Gulf Coast region. Not only are Boardwalk's assets located near LNG export terminals, but the company's pipelines may also be able to take advantage of coal to gas switching in the states it serves. For example, nearly 70% of Kentucky's electricity is still generated by coal-fired plants. 
Unknown Executive: Are there any updates on the Boardwalk litigation? 
Unknown Executive: As a reminder, in December of 2022 the Delaware Supreme Court reversed the Delaware Court of Chancery's ruling in favor of the former Boardwalk minority unitholders. As part of that decision, the Delaware Supreme Court remanded the three unresolved issues back to the Chancery Court. The Delaware Court of Chancery will hold a hearing in April of this year on those remaining issues.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-29 00:00:00) =====
James Tisch: [ The transcript was presubmitted by Loews Corporation. No live call was conducted for the third quarter earnings call. ]
 Good morning. Loews had a great third quarter, with our three consolidated subsidiaries firing on all cylinders. Each one of these businesses is experiencing substantial growth, and today I want to focus on what that growth looks like in each subsidiary. The management teams at all three companies have worked hard to grow their businesses, and I continue to be frustrated that the market is not acknowledging their efforts with higher valuations.
 The market's valuation of CNA is particularly perplexing. Not only has the company grown, it has also vastly improved the performance of its underlying business. Over the past five years, net written premiums increased by 35% from $6.8 billion in 2018 to $9.2 billion over the past 12 months. At the same time, the company became markedly more profitable due to its laser-like focus on underwriting. During that time, the underlying combined ratio has improved by five points from 95.4% in 2018 to 90.4% in the third quarter of 2023. As a result, underwriting income has more than doubled over the past five years, increasing from $226 million in 2018 to $533 million over the past 12 months.
 CNA has also done an exceptional job of actively managing its run-off long-term care (LTC) book of business, significantly mitigating this long-tailed risk. The number of its active LTC policies has declined by more than 40%, from 420,000 in 2015 to 242,000 today. Not only has the number of active policies been reduced, the profile of the underlying LTC business has also substantially improved. For example, since 2015 CNA has increased long-term care premium rates by 45%. Additionally, to date, the company has managed well over 100,000 long-term care claims, providing CNA with credible and reliable claims experience. This experience gives us even more confidence in CNA's reserving assumptions for long-term care.
 Moreover, CNA has been able to take advantage of rising interest rates to strategically lengthen the duration of its long-term care portfolio to better match its liability duration, which further reduces the risk associated with this business. The duration of the long-term care investment portfolio is now nearly 10 years, which has increased from nine years at the end of 2021. CNA continues to purchase very attractive, highly rated, long-duration assets that meet or exceed its reinvestment assumptions.
 Higher interest rates have also positively impacted the investment income in CNA's P&C portfolio and should continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Current market yields are about 200 basis points higher than securities that are currently maturing in CNA's portfolio. CNA generally invests $300 million to $400 million per quarter in its P&C portfolio, so higher yields will be accretive to investment income over time.
 CNA's third quarter performance clearly demonstrates its ongoing profitable growth. Third quarter net written premiums grew by 6% over the prior year's third quarter and retention remained high at 84%.
 Notwithstanding these improvements, the company's share price is approximately 25% lower today than it was at the beginning of 2018. Our view is that CNA is a compelling value, and this quarter we put our money where our mouth is by purchasing nearly 4.5 million shares of CNA for around $175 million. We continue to be bullish on the outlook for CNA's business.
 Boardwalk has also grown meaningfully over the past five years due, in part, to substantial investments in its business during that time period. In the third quarter, Boardwalk acquired Bayou Ethane for $348 million from Williams Companies. Bayou Ethane is a 380-mile ethane pipeline from Mont Belvieu, Texas to the Mississippi River Corridor in Louisiana. This pipeline is a good strategic fit for Boardwalk's existing gas liquids business. Inclusive of that acquisition, the company's EBITDA is expected to approach $1 billion next year compared to $761 million in 2018.
 Growth has also been strong at Loews Hotels. Including an estimated $230 million of growth capital in 2023, Loews Hotels has invested almost $800 million of equity in growth projects since 2018. Those equity investments were mainly financed through internally generated cash flow at Loews Hotels. As a result of those projects, Adjusted EBITDA has grown substantially and exceeded $300 million over the past 12 months. Also, recent results do not yet reflect the earning power of nearly 2,900 rooms under development in Arlington, Texas and Orlando, Florida.
  As a reminder, the new Loews Arlington Hotel will open in the first quarter of next year. This property will contain nearly 900 guest rooms, as well as about 250,000 square feet of best-in- class meeting and event space, including the largest ballroom in North Texas. In Orlando, construction continues on three new hotels with a combined total of 2,000 rooms within the Universal theme park's new "Epic Universe" campus. Those hotels are expected to be completed in 2025, at which point Loews Hotels will have a 50% interest in a total of 11 hotels with 11,000 rooms at Universal Orlando.
 After this review of the growth story at our subsidiaries, I hope my remarks have clarified why we are continuing to repurchase Loews' shares. Not only do the shares trade at a substantial discount to our view of their intrinsic sum-of-the-parts value, but our subsidiaries are also growing rapidly and performing exceptionally well.
 As long as our stock trades at a substantial discount to our view of its intrinsic sum-of-the-parts value, share repurchases will remain Loews' primary capital allocation lever. Since the beginning of the year, Loews repurchased nearly 12.9 million of its own shares for a total cost of $775 million. This represents more than 5% of our outstanding shares at the beginning of the year. Loews currently has about 223.3 million shares outstanding, which represents a nearly one-third reduction of shares outstanding since the end of 2017. 
Jane Wang: For the third quarter of 2023, Loews reported net income of $253 million or $1.12 per share, compared with net loss of $22 million or $0.09 per share in last year's third quarter. This year's third quarter results included a $37 million non-cash after-tax charge for the termination of a defined benefit pension plan. As a reminder, last year's third quarter financials were restated for the adoption of the LDTI (Long Duration Targeted Improvements) accounting standard.
 Book value per share increased from $60.81 at the end of 2022 to $64.43 at the end of the third quarter of 2023. Book value per share excluding AOCI (Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) increased from $74.88 at the end of 2022 to $79.92 at the end of the third quarter. This increase was driven by earnings and accretive share repurchases in the first nine months of the year.
  We are pleased with the performance of our largest subsidiary, CNA, which contributed net income of $235 million to Loews in 2023's third quarter compared to a loss of $37 million in the third quarter of last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher investment income, higher P&C underwriting income, and a significantly lower impact from the annual reserve assumption review of long-term care.
 The increase in net investment income was driven by improved returns on limited partnerships and common stocks as well as higher interest rates on fixed income securities, which continue to be a tailwind. The pre-tax yield on the company's fixed income portfolio increased approximately 30 basis points from 4.4% in the third quarter of 2022 to 4.7% in the third quarter of 2023.
 On the underwriting side, CNA continues to post profitable growth with net written premiums increasing 6%. Net written premium growth consisted of written rate increases of 5% and exposure growth of 1%. Retention also remains high at 84%. As a result of this growth, CNA's underlying combined ratio improved 0.7 points year-over-year to 90.4%. The company also benefited from lower catastrophe losses in this year's third quarter compared to the third quarter of 2022, which was impacted by Hurricane Ian, resulting in an all-in combined ratio improvement of 1.5 points to 94.3%. This quarter's catastrophe losses for CNA were the lowest third quarter catastrophe losses since the third quarter of 2019.
 CNA continues to proactively manage its run-off long-term care business. The annual reserve assumption review performed in this year's third quarter resulted in no material change to its reserves as compared to a $131 million charge in last year's third quarter. As a reminder, under LDTI, discount rates and operating cash flow assumptions have been decoupled  discount rates assumption changes run through the balance sheet under AOCI, and operating assumptions run through the income statement.
 Last year's review was unfavorable largely due to the increase of the cost-of-care inflation assumption. In this year's review, outperformance on premium rate actions and favorable updates to claim severity assumptions offset unfavorable changes to group lapse rate assumptions. In addition, CNA continues to reduce reserves through benefit reductions and cash buyout strategies. Through the third quarter, CNA has spent $160 million on cash buyouts. Although this strategy results in a short-term loss through the income statement, it reduces overall risk in the long run. Higher interest rates have also significantly reduced reinvestment risk in the Life and Group investment portfolio.
 Moving on to our natural gas pipeline business, Boardwalk contributed EBITDA of $202 million to Loews in 2023's third quarter, which represents an increase of $10 million from $192 million in the third quarter of 2022. The company generated higher revenues in this year's third quarter as the result of higher re-contracting rates, the impact of growth projects, and higher storage revenues due to favorable market conditions. The increase in revenues was partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expenses as a result of pipeline safety compliance rules and higher employee-related costs.
 Boardwalk contributed $49 million of net income to Loews in the third quarter of 2023 compared to $34 million in the third quarter of 2022. Net income was impacted by higher depreciation expense from recently completed growth projects, which was partially offset by lower interest expense due to lower borrowings.
 As Jim mentioned in his remarks, Boardwalk closed the acquisition of Bayou Ethane from Williams Companies on September 29th. The $348 million purchase price was funded with cash on Boardwalk's balance sheet, resulting in a remaining cash balance of $265 million at the end of the third quarter.
 Loews Hotels continues to post strong results, albeit lower than last year's record performance. For the third quarter of 2023, Loews Hotels contributed $60 million of Adjusted EBITDA and $17 million of net income versus $76 million and $25 million, respectively, in the prior year's third quarter. The year-over-year decrease was driven by lower occupancy and rates as leisure travel patterns have returned to pre-pandemic levels. Occupancy was 80.1% in the third quarter of 2023 compared with 84.7% in the prior year's third quarter.
 Finally, turning to the corporate segment: we recorded after-tax investment income of $24 million in 2023's third quarter compared to an after-tax loss of $15 million in the third quarter of 2022. The increase was driven by improved performance in the parent company's common stock portfolio as well as higher interest rates on the cash and short-term investment portfolio.
  In the third quarter of this year, we terminated our parent company cash balance retirement plan. Since that plan was fully funded, we took the opportunity to pay distributions to eligible participants who elected lump sum payments and transferred the remaining portion of the assets and liabilities to an insurance company. The settlement accounting resulted in a non-cash after- tax charge of $37 million in the third quarter to recognize unrealized losses which were included in AOCI.
 From a cash flow perspective, we received $104 million in dividends from CNA in the third quarter of 2023. Since the end of the second quarter, Loews has repurchased an incremental 2.9 million shares of its common stock at a cost of $182 million. That brings our total year-to-date share repurchases through last Friday to 12.9 million shares at a total cost of $775 million.
 Loews ended the third quarter with $2.3 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.8 billion of parent company debt. 
Unknown Executive: Loews has been investing a substantial amount of capital into Loews Hotels. What are the expected returns on those projects?
 We typically evaluate the attractiveness of new hotel projects using a cash-on-cash return metric. Specifically, we compare the project's stabilized cash flow projections to the amount of equity required and we generally target mid-to-high teens returns based on that metric.
 Jane, can you provide some color on how rising interest rates will impact the subsidiaries? 
Jane Wang: Most of our subsidiaries have fixed rate debt. Altium has floating rate debt, but approximately half is hedged until 2028. While refinancings will result in higher interest expense, the overall financial impact to Loews is positive as CNA is able to re-invest its portfolio at more attractive yields.
 Jim, can you discuss Loews' recent purchase of $175 million of CNA stock? 
James Tisch: In the past we have purchased CNA shares to signal to the market that we believe that CNA is significantly undervalued, and this time was no different. I would also point out that this purchase did not impede our ability to continue buying Loews shares. Year-to-date we have spent $775 million to repurchase 12.9 million shares of Loews. 
Unknown Executive: Jim, would you like to make any general remarks about the economy? 
James Tisch: In my second quarter remarks I discussed how, in the past 10 years, we got to where we are today in terms of the economy and interest rates. At that time, I made the statement that fixed income securities were becoming an investible class of assets for money managers after being non- investible for the past 15 years. Today, ten-year notes yield about 4.85%, up from just under 4% three months ago. While fixed income securities may be investible, I also said not to expect capital gains from investing in those securities. They would provide a good flow of income but might not provide much in the capital gains department.
 A big problem with investing in fixed income securities is that the U.S. government will have what seems to be unsustainably large deficits as far as the eye can see and even farther. The current forecast is for federal budget deficits to be in the $2 trillion range going forward. That means the government will have to raise $2 trillion every year in the debt markets  a very tall order. Already we are in the danger zone with government debt at more than 120% of GDP and that ratio of government debt to GDP will go up in the future if these large deficits continue.
 In my comments last quarter, I said that from 2007 to 2020 "federal interest expense increased by just over 20% from $413 billion in 2007 to $508 billion in 2020, even as the national debt increased by a factor of three from $9.2 trillion to $27.7 trillion." Because of the combination of ZIRP (zero interest rate policy) and QE (quantitative easing) interest rates stayed low in that period. But inflation has forced the Fed to come to the realization that the printing presses can't go on forever without serious repercussions on the interest rate front. And so the narcotic of loose money that cheered the bond market for 15 years has ended and we are faced with the reality of higher inflation, and higher interest rates, and therefore greater deficits.
 Today we have budget deficits of 5.4% of GDP and federal spending at around $6.3 trillion. The federal government will be borrowing about 25% of its annual spending. And relative to the size of the economy, the CBO projects that the nation's budgetary shortfall will climb from 5.8% of GDP in 2024 to 7.3% in 2033.
  As a result of all these factors, there's lots of uncertainty on the budgetary front, and also on the inflation front. But an investor can, as they say, have his cake and eat it too (whatever that means!). If you're worried about inflation and budget deficits, and therefore don't want to be invested in the fixed income markets, there's a security that is custom-made for you. The government sells inflation protected or real yield bonds known as TIPS (which stands for Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities) which pay a fixed real interest rate above the year-over-year CPI inflation rate. If inflation goes up, so does your return -- and vice versa if inflation goes down. So, no matter what happens to inflation, you will earn a pre-determined real rate of return (i.e., after considering inflation).
 The government started selling TIPS in the late 90s. At the turn of the century, TIPS traded at a real yield of more than 4% but that was eons ago and the world was much different. In the past 15 years, 10-year TIPS traded between a -1% and 2% real yield. Today they are at 2.4%. That means that for the next 10 years, the government will pay you a 2.4% premium over the inflation rate. So if the CPI goes up to 5% in one year you will earn 7.4%, and if the CPI is 2% you will earn 4.4%. Think of it, a government-backed 10-year security that will pay you 240 basis points over the inflation rate. In today's world with all the attendant risks, that sounds like a pretty good deal to me.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-30 00:00:00) =====
James Tisch: [ The transcript was presubmitted by Loews Corporation. No live call was conducted for the second quarter earnings call. ]
 Good morning. Loews is off to a great start in the first half of 2023, with each of our consolidated subsidiaries performing very well.
 CNA had another strong quarter, its results reflecting the long and arduous re-underwriting process led by Dino Robusto over the past six years since he became CEO. In a quarter when industry catastrophe losses were more than double their historical average, CNA managed to record only 3.1 points of such losses, further evidence that the management team's steadfast focus on underwriting continues to produce stellar results.
 Growth at CNA was also robust in the second quarter, with net written premiums increasing 10% excluding currency fluctuations compared to the same period last year. That growth was driven by over 7 points of renewal premium change and strong new business, which was 11% higher than during the same period last year.
 As a reminder, renewal premium change consists of two components: rate and exposure growth. Rate is the change in price if the coverage remains the same. Exposure growth captures underwriting changes (i.e., changes in deductibles, etc.), as well as changes in the insured's characteristics, such as changes to payroll, revenue or property values. For the second quarter, higher rates contributed 5 points of renewal premium change and exposure growth added another 2 points. All in all, we are pleased with CNA's continuing solid performance.
 Moving on to Boardwalk, the company reported EBITDA of $213 million, which represents an increase of over 10% compared to $193 million in the second quarter of 2022. This year-over year increase was driven both by strong volumes and higher rates. As I said last quarter, Boardwalk has very limited exposure to the spot price of natural gas, other than the extent to which price affects the volume of gas consumed.
 Loews Hotels continued to take advantage of strong travel demand. The company's second quarter operating revenues increased compared to the second quarter of 2022. However, the hotel company's adjusted EBITDA declined by $15 million to $100 million in the second quarter, compared to $115 million in the second quarter of 2022. This was due to the impact of higher operating expenses, notably increased labor expenses. It bears repeating that last year's extraordinary performance was due in part to demand recovering faster than staffing levels. Across the lodging industry, staffing levels have normalized as compared to what they were during the pandemic when hotel properties struggled to fill open positions.
 We remain optimistic about Loews Hotels' growth prospects over the coming years. Construction of the Loews Arlington Hotel in Arlington, Texas continues, on time and on budget. This nearly 900-room resort property is slated to be completed in the first quarter of next year and will include 250,000 square feet of best-in-class meeting and event space. While the hotel will not open until February of 2024, the company has seen incredibly strong interest and there are already close to 150,000 group room-nights booked for future dates.
 Loews Hotels also has three properties with a total of 2,000 rooms under development at Universal's new Epic Universe theme park in Orlando. Those hotels are expected to be completed in 2025, at which point Loews Hotels will have a 50% interest in a total of 11 hotels with 11,000 rooms at Universal Orlando.
 As our stock continues to trade at a significant discount to our view of its intrinsic value, share repurchases remain Loews Corporation's primary capital allocation lever. Since the end of the first quarter, Loews repurchased 2.4 million of its own shares for a total cost of $144 million. As of last Friday, July 28th, Loews has bought back 10.6 million shares this year, or over 4% of our outstanding shares at the beginning of the year, at a cost of $630 million. Loews currently has just over 225 million shares outstanding, which represents a nearly one-third reduction of shares outstanding since the end of 2017. We will continue to repurchase our shares as long as we believe they trade at a discount to our view of their intrinsic value. 
Jane Wang: For the second quarter of 2023, Loews reported net income of $360 million or $1.58 per share, compared with net income of $167 million or $0.68 per share in last year's second quarter. This year-over-year increase was driven by higher income from our consolidated subsidiaries and higher net investment income at the parent company. As a reminder and consistent with the first quarter, prior period results have been restated to reflect the adoption of the new GAAP accounting standard of "long-duration contracts targeted improvements," or LDTI. Book value per share increased from $60.81 at the end of 2022 to $64.59 at the end of the second quarter of 2023.
 Book value per share excluding AOCI (Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) increased from $74.88 at the end of 2022 to $78.56 at the end of the second quarter. This increase was driven by earnings and accretive share repurchases in the first half of the year.
 Our largest subsidiary, CNA, contributed net income of $255 million to Loews in the second quarter compared to $170 million in last year's second quarter. The $85 million year-over-year increase was primarily driven by higher net investment income.
 The increase in net investment income was driven by higher interest rates on fixed income securities and improved returns on limited partnerships and common stocks. The pre-tax yield on the company's fixed income portfolio increased 30 basis points from 4.3% in the second quarter of 2022 to 4.6% in the second quarter of 2023.
 CNA continued to post profitable growth in this hard insurance market, with net written premiums increasing 10% excluding currency fluctuations. That growth enabled CNA to produce its highest ever underlying underwriting income in the second quarter of this year. The company's underlying combined ratio of 91.1% increased slightly compared to 90.8% in the second quarter of last year due to higher employee-related costs included in the expense ratio. The all-in combined ratio of 93.8% was 2.8 points higher than the second quarter of 2022, which had particularly mild catastrophe activity.
 CNA continued to de-risk its long-term care reserves through policyholder buyouts. Year to date, CNA has spent $121 million to buy out 4,100 policies. These cash buyouts are related to the policies' statutory reserves, which are generally higher than GAAP reserves, resulting in a small GAAP charge. We believe this is the right strategy, as it reduces GAAP reserves and de-risks the business over the long term.
 Additionally, CNA's results include a loss from unfavorable legacy mass tort claims, although this loss is less than the amount in the prior year's second quarter.
 Moving on to our natural gas pipeline business, Boardwalk contributed net income of $57 million to Loews in the second quarter, which represents an increase of $18 million from $39 million in last year's second quarter. The company's revenues increased as a result of higher recontracting rates, greater utilization of its pipeline and storage assets and recently completed growth projects. Net income also benefited from lower interest expense due to lower borrowings compared to last year's second quarter. That increase was partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expenses related to pipeline safety compliance rules, higher employee-related costs and higher depreciation expense.
 At Loews Hotels, the company contributed $74 million of net income to Loews in the quarter versus $44 million in the second quarter of last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by a $36 million after tax gain related to Loews Hotels' acquisition of an additional equity interest in Live! By Loews in Arlington, Texas, which was an unconsolidated joint venture prior to this transaction. As a result of the consolidation, the carrying value of the hotel was revalued to the fair value of the asset. Excluding this gain, net income declined by $6 million to $38 million in the second quarter. The year-over-year decline was driven by higher operating expenses due to the return to normalized staffing levels.
 Finally, turning to the corporate segment: Loews recorded after-tax investment income of $9 million this quarter compared to a $51 million loss in the prior year's second quarter. This improvement was driven by better performance within the company's common stock and LP portfolio as well as higher interest rates on our cash and short-term investment portfolio.
 From a cash flow perspective, we received $102 million in dividends from CNA in the second quarter of 2023. Since the end of the first quarter, Loews has repurchased an incremental 2.4 million shares at a cost of $144 million. That brings our total year-to-date share repurchases through last Friday to 10.6 million shares at a total cost of $630 million. In the second quarter, Loews also repaid its $500 million bond that matured in May of this year with cash on hand.
 Loews ended the quarter with $2.5 billion in cash and short-term investments and $1.8 billion of parent company debt. 
Unknown Executive: Every quarter, we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance of earnings that they would like us to answer in our remarks. Please see below for the questions we have received, along with some additional questions we found relevant.
 Do you anticipate making a sizable investment in Loews Hotels this year to support its growth projects?
 Loews Hotels continues to make significant investments in its growth. Last year, Loews Hotels completed a $222 million equity investment in the construction of the Loews Arlington. This year, Loews Hotels anticipates making a nearly $200 million equity investment to develop its three new properties in Orlando. Given the hotel company's strong internal cash flow generation, it self-funded the vast majority of its investment in the Loews Arlington and we anticipate that it will be able to self-fund the substantial majority of its growth projects in 2023. The equity need from the parent company is minimal -- Loews Corporation made a $33 million equity contribution to Loews Hotels last year and anticipates investing a similar amount during 2023.
 Two weeks ago, Bloomberg released a story about Loews's lack of analyst coverage. Why is Loews not covered by Wall Street analysts? Do you want coverage? Does this lack of coverage impact the valuation of Loews?
 The article correctly states that Loews had analyst coverage in the past but lost that coverage as analysts retired or switched firms. In response to declining coverage, we reached out and encouraged various firms to initiate coverage on Loews, to no avail. We believe investment banks are reluctant to cover Loews because its multi-industry holding company structure does not fit within the banks' sector-specific coverage models.
 As I have stated in the past, we believe Loews trades at a substantial discount to our view of its intrinsic value. This discount may be due in part to the lack of research coverage of Loews. Therefore, we encourage our investors to reach out to the banks and ask them to initiate such coverage, and as a reminder, investors can always contact us with any questions they may have. In the meantime, we are happy to buy in our shares when they are undervalued. As I stated in my remarks, Loews has just over 225 million shares outstanding, which represents a nearly one-third reduction of shares outstanding since the end of 2017.
 There has been a lot of discussion about the current state of the reinsurance market. How does a hard reinsurance market impact CNA?
 CNA's catastrophe losses in its property book of business have been significantly below those of the broader insurance industry due to the company's focus on underwriting. Analysts estimate U.S. catastrophe losses will be in the range of $20 to $27 billion in the second quarter of this year, which is significantly higher than the 10-year median second quarter catastrophe loss of less than $12.5 billion. In comparison, CNA reported 3.1 points of catastrophe losses, which is in line with its 10-year average for the second quarter. CNA certainly felt the impacts of higher reinsurance pricing at the June 1st renewal, but relative to the industry, CNA's rate increases were less severe. Also, it is important to note that higher reinsurance spend will likely be mitigated by premium rate increases.
 Jim, any comments or predictions on the state of the economy now and going forward? 
James Tisch: Rather than comment on what's going on with inflation or the economy, this quarter I want to speak about my long-term view of interest rates.
 In my opinion, we are now paying the price for the 14 years of Zero Interest Rate Policy (ZIRP) and Quantitative Easing (QE) that lasted from the end of 2008 until 2022. There was a brief, minor increase in rates starting in 2016, but that increase was cut short by COVID in early 2020.
 During this extended period, the Fed managed not only the short end of the yield curve (which was historically their tool for managing interest rates), but also set rates across the yield curve through their massive Quantitative Easing program.
 Both ZIRP and QE lasted much too long and revealed an arrogance on the part of the Fed -- a belief that they knew better than the market what the appropriate term interest rates should be.
 As early as 2011, it was my sense that the Fed should begin raising rates above zero to get the markets accustomed to having to pay some amount to borrow money. Instead, however, I watched with concern as ZIRP and QE continued, and the markets and the government became accustomed to zero money market rates and unsustainably low term rates.
 As a reminder, ten-year notes bottomed out at about 50 basis points in 2020 and averaged about 2% from 2009 to 2021. In that period, federal interest expense increased by only one third from $313 billion in 2007 to $412 billion in 2020, even as the national debt increased by a factor of three from $9.2 trillion to $27.7 trillion.
 Additionally, from 2011 until 2021, the Fed remitted over $900 billion to the Treasury or about $84 billion a year. These remittances were made possible by the spread the Fed earned on its massive balance sheet. It reflected the difference between the yield on their fixed income portfolio of about $8 trillion in government debt and the zero cost of financing those debt purchases. Of course, those happy days for the Fed are now gone: the cost of financing their low coupon debt has skyrocketed to more than 5%, leaving the Fed with enormous losses and the federal government without its annual $84 billion remittances.
 The Fed's assets, which amounted to less than $1 trillion before the 2008 financial crisis, ballooned to nearly $4.5 trillion by the end of 2014. The Fed's balance sheet remained around $4 to $4.5 trillion until the outbreak of COVID in early 2020. During COVID, the Fed's balance sheet more than doubled to nearly $9 trillion. Despite recent quantitative tightening, the Fed's balance sheet is still more than $8 trillion, more than eight times its size prior to the Great Financial Crisis. That is a big problem, since now, instead of earning money on the spread between floating and fixed rates, the Fed is losing money hand over fist.
 To say that the period from 2009 to 2021 was one of monetary profligacy would be an understatement. But the markets were fat and happy and no one cared -- until everyone did.
 Going forward, it appears we are returning to the days of real interest rates (i.e., interest rates higher than the inflation rate) for the U.S. Treasury and other issuers. Before the financial crisis, positive real interest rates were the norm and fixed income was at times an attractive alternative to investing in the equity markets.
 From 2008 until last year, the only investors in fixed income were those who had to invest in fixed income, i.e., insurance companies, pension funds, and others in need of fixed income investments. Investment committees of universities and other institutions abandoned fixed income since equity earned so much more. Today fixed income is again an investible class of assets. With an investment grade fixed income portfolio, an endowment can easily fund its annual 5% draw and have money left over to increase the endowment.
 The combination of financing the federal deficit of about $2 trillion a year, combined with absorbing $1 trillion a year of Fed sales of treasury securities acquired during the easy money QE days, means that interest rates will have to stay at a high enough level to attract money from the private investment markets. In my view, that means returning to the old normal that prevailed for decades prior to 2008, which was 100-200 basis points of real return on term treasury securities. It's my opinion that investors can expect this state of affairs to continue for the foreseeable future, meaning that even if inflation goes to 2%, term securities will trade at 3% to 4% -- not far from where they are now. So while treasury securities will provide a good real return, don't expect too much in the way of capital gains from these securities since they will likely not trade at significantly lower yields.
 And that's the way I see things from my perch. More next quarter.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-30 00:00:00) =====
James Tisch: [ The transcript was presubmitted by Loews Corporation. No live call was conducted for the first quarter earnings call. ]
 Good morning. Loews had a strong first quarter in 2023, with each of our consolidated subsidiaries producing stellar results.
 Let's start by taking a look at our property and casualty insurance subsidiary, CNA.
 CNA's performance was solid, with the company reporting its highest ever quarterly underlying underwriting income. The company reported a first quarter underlying combined ratio of 90.8%, which represents a 0.6-point improvement over the company's strong results in the first quarter of 2022. However, CNA's all-in combined ratio increased by two points year-over-year to 93.9% due to higher catastrophe losses and unfavorable prior period development. On a positive note, net written premiums grew by 11% in the first quarter compared to a year ago. This growth was a result of rate increases, improved retention and robust new business, which grew by 12%. The company also reported strong core income of $325 million, a 9% increase year-over-year due to higher investment income.
 There has been a lot of discussion as of late about the commercial real estate market. Like most insurance companies, CNA has exposure to commercial real estate through its commercial mortgage-backed securities, CMBS, real estate investment trusts, REITs, and direct lending portfolios. CNA's commercial real estate portfolio is well diversified both geographically and by property type. It is of high quality and predominantly investment grade. Furthermore, CNA's exposure to the commercial office sector is a relatively small portion of the overall portfolio. Given what we currently know, we do not anticipate CNA to be materially impacted by the current challenges in the real estate industry, including the commercial office sector. For more details regarding CNA's commercial real estate exposure please refer to the MD&A section of our first quarter 10-Q.
 Moving to Boardwalk, the company's EBITDA was essentially flat in the first quarter at $256 million versus $258 million in the prior year. As a reminder, Boardwalk has very limited exposure to the price of natural gas, other than it may impact drilling profiles and volume requirements of its customers. Furthermore, the company is not materially impacted by near-term fluctuations in the demand for natural gas because 95% of its revenues are derived from firm contracts.
 At Loews Hotels, the strong results of the past year and a half continued. The company reported adjusted EBITDA of $86 million in the quarter, compared to $67 million in the first quarter of 2022. Loews Hotels continued to see strong leisure travel and group demand, though recent data suggests rate growth may be moderating. Occupancy rates were up nearly eight points this quarter, rising to 79.3% as compared to 71.5% in the first quarter of 2022. Note that the first quarter of last year was impacted by the emergence of the Omicron variant which adversely impacted hotel demand. After the impact of the Omicron variant receded, hotel demand rebounded faster than anticipated. Staffing levels increased at a slower pace than demand due to labor shortages, although they have since returned to normalized levels. As a result, the second and third quarters of last year were characterized by abnormally high margins.
 Also, construction continues on the Loews Arlington Hotel, the nearly 900-room property in Arlington, Texas, slated to open in the first quarter of 2024. In addition to its guest rooms, this property will also include 250,000 square feet of best-in-class meeting and event space. The total cost of this hotel is currently anticipated to be $545 million, of which $300 million is being funded with mortgage debt, $222 million with Loews Hotels equity, and $23 million with partner equity.
 Given its strong internal cash flow generation, the hotel company needed only a $33 million investment from Loews in 2022. Based on its current roster of projects, we anticipate making another relatively small investment in 2023 to help fund Loews Hotels' expansion in Orlando where the company continues to develop properties alongside Universal Destinations & Experiences.
 Share repurchases remain a foundational aspect of Loews Corporation's capital allocation strategy. In the first quarter of 2023, we repurchased nearly 8.2 million common shares for a total cost of about $486 million, which represents nearly 3.5% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. Over the past five and a quarter years, Loews has reduced its share count by 104 million shares, which represents approximately 31% of the shares outstanding at the end of 2017. As long as the market is willing to make these shares available at what we consider to be bargain-basement prices, we are happy to buy them.
 Finally, before I turn it over to Jane, I want to provide an update on the timing of the litigation related to our 2018 acquisition of the minority interest in Boardwalk Pipelines. Last quarter, we were pleased to report that the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in Loews's favor, finding that we had no liability to the plaintiffs on the issues that were decided by the trial court. The Delaware Supreme Court remanded the three remaining unresolved issues back to the trial court for consideration. The briefing process has begun on those unresolved issues. As a reminder, we have the ability to appeal the case back to the Delaware Supreme Court if the lower court does not rule in our favor on these three remaining issues. We are optimistic that this litigation will ultimately be resolved favorably and are hopeful that the lower court will reach a decision by the end of this year. 
Jane Wang: For the first quarter of 2023, Loews reported net income of $375 million or $1.61 per share, compared with net income of $322 million or $1.29 per share in last year's first quarter. This year-over-year increase was driven by higher investment income at the Parent Company, as well as higher income from Loews Hotels. A slight increase in CNA's net income was offset by a small decrease in Boardwalk's net income.
 Book value per share increased from $61.86 at the end of 2022 to $63.41 at the end of the first quarter of 2023, and book value per share excluding AOCI, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income, increased from $75.78 at the end of 2022 to $76.84 at the end of the first quarter. This increase was driven by earnings and accretive share repurchases in the first quarter.
 Before I discuss the financial performance of our subsidiaries, I'd like to explain the new accounting standard we adopted for the first quarter 2023. As I mentioned in last quarter's earnings remarks, CNA's long-term care business is now being accounted for under the new GAAP accounting standard of "long-duration contracts targeted improvements," or LDTI. While this change became effective January 1, 2023, CNA, as well as Loews, applied these changes from the transition date of January 1, 2021. Therefore, you will notice that our first quarter 2022 results and December 2022 balance sheet have been adjusted to implement the new standard. In our 10-Q this quarter, we presented the effect of adoption of LDTI on selected financial data for all four quarters of 2022 and the full years of 2022 and 2021.
 Under this accounting standard, changes in discount rates and operating assumptions have been decoupled: discount rates now run through the balance sheet under AOCI, and changes in operating assumptions run through the income statement. Discount rate assumptions are based on single A-rated yields and updated on a quarterly basis. Operating assumptions such as morbidity and persistency are reviewed at least annually.
 This change in accounting has no impact on the cash flows or underlying economics of CNA's long-term care business, nor does it impact capital and surplus under statutory accounting practices.
 Under this LDTI accounting standard, the key impacts to Loews's first quarter financial statements are as follows: at December 31, 2022, total shareholders' equity declined by less than 2% from $15.5 billion to $15.2 billion, driven by lower retained earnings due to lower adjusted net income for the prior periods; Loews's first quarter 2022 net income was adjusted from $338 million, or $1.36 per share to $322 million, or $1.29 per share; this $16 million decrease was driven by favorable experience in long-term care being deferred into future periods.
 Please refer to our 10-Q for more details on the adoption of this new accounting standard.
 Turning to the results of our insurance subsidiary: CNA contributed net income of $268 million to Loews in the first quarter of 2023, compared to $265 million in the first quarter of last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher net investment income and a larger underlying underwriting gain, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses, unfavorable prior period development and realized investment losses.
 The increase in net investment income was driven by higher interest rates on fixed income securities and higher returns on limited partnerships and common stocks. The pre-tax yield on the company's fixed income portfolio increased 29 bps from 4.3% in the first quarter of 2022 to 4.6% in the first quarter of 2023. The duration of the life and group portfolio has increased to 10.1 years at the end of this year's first quarter, up from 9.9 years at the end of 2022 and 8.9 years at the end of the first quarter of 2022. CNA experienced net investment losses in the first quarter of 2023 driven by unfavorable changes in the fair value of nonredeemable preferred stock and from realized losses on sales.
 Premium growth continues to be strong, with first quarter net earned and net written premiums up by 10% and 11%, respectively, driven by three factors: first, new business grew by 12%; second, retention increased by two points to 86%; and third, renewal premiums increased by 7%, comprised of five points of rate and two points of exposure growth.
 CNA's P&C underlying combined ratio declined by 0.6 point to 90.8% due to improvements in both the underlying loss and expense ratios. The total combined ratio increased by two points to 93.9% in the first quarter 2023, driven by a 1.4-point increase in catastrophe losses due to the impact of several storms in the quarter, as compared to a mild season last year and a 1.2-point year-over-year deterioration in prior period development.
 Please refer to CNA's Investor Relations website for more details on their results and further discussion on the LDTI accounting change.
 In our natural gas pipeline business, Boardwalk contributed EBITDA of $256 million in this year's first quarter compared to $258 million in the first quarter of 2022. The company generated higher revenues in the quarter primarily due to re-contracting at higher rates, the impact of growth projects, and higher storage revenues due to favorable market conditions. The increase in revenues was offset by higher operation and maintenance expenses as a result of pipeline safety compliance rules and higher employee-related costs.
 Boardwalk contributed $86 million of net income to Loews this quarter, which represents a decrease of $5 million from $91 million in the first quarter of 2022. Higher depreciation expense resulting from recently completed growth projects was partially offset by lower interest expense due to lower borrowings.
 Loews Hotels had another great quarter. Adjusted EBITDA grew from $67 million in last year's first quarter to $86 million in this year's first quarter. This increase was driven by strong occupancy, which increased by nearly eight points compared to the first quarter of 2022. As Jim mentioned, the first quarter of last year was impacted by the emergence of the Omicron variant which adversely impacted hotel demand. As a reminder, adjusted EBITDA is reconciled on page 12.
 The hotel company contributed $24 million of net income to Loews this quarter versus $15 million in the prior year's first quarter. The positive impacts of higher occupancy were partially offset by higher interest expense on the company's floating rate debt.
 Finally, turning to the corporate segment: Loews recorded after-tax investment income of $33 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared to losses of $13 million in the prior year's first quarter. This improvement was driven by positive income from equities versus losses last year, as well as higher income from our portfolio of short-term cash equivalents.
 The corporate segment also includes our proportionate share of Altium's earnings, which is accounted for under the equity method. Altium's first quarter income declined slightly, as incremental income from acquisitions was offset by higher interest expense.
 From a cash flow perspective, we received $395 million in dividends from CNA in the first quarter of 2023. During the quarter, we repurchased 8.2 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $486 million. Loews ended the quarter with $3.1 billion in cash and short-term investments. 
Unknown Executive: Every quarter, we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance of earnings that they would like us to answer in our remarks. Please see below for the questions we have received, along with some additional questions we found relevant.
 Loews has a substantial net cash position. How do you manage it?
 At the end of the first quarter, Loews had $3.1 billion of cash and investments. However, only a minuscule portion of that cash and investment balance is actually held in the form of cash deposits. In fact, we typically hold less than $10 million of cash at any given time. The remaining cash is held as short-term treasuries or swept into money market accounts. The average duration of our treasury portfolio is typically less than four months. Also, higher interest rates are benefiting our holdings as the average yield on this portfolio is 4.8%.
 Jane, is Loews planning on refinancing its May 2023 bond maturity? 
Jane Wang: We are planning to repay the $500 million maturity. In 2020, at the height of the COVID pandemic, we issued a $500 million bond to have extra liquidity in light of the unprecedented level of uncertainty in the economy. At the time we stated that we would use the funds to repay our 2023 maturity if there was no need for incremental liquidity. Given that our subsidiaries are all performing well and are mostly self-funding their growth, there is no need to refinance this maturity.
 Jim, would you like to share your latest thoughts on the economy, interest rates and inflation? 
James Tisch: When I started making these remarks on the economy more than two years ago, I never expected that things would get so exciting in the usually staid world of economic forecasting. In our last quarter's remarks, I made the argument that the Fed should consider pausing their rate increases to assess the economy over the next three months, cautioning the Fed to be careful not to raise rates too far too fast, lest it cause a calamity.
 I had no idea how prescient my words would be: I would certainly classify what happened in the U.S. banking system in the first few weeks of March as a calamity.
 With the troubles at Silicon Valley Bank and at Signature Bank, the Fed found itself on its back foot, being forced to react. As Warren Buffett says, "When the tide goes out, you see who was swimming without a bathing suit."
 What is now obvious in hindsight is that the rate increases engineered by the Fed over the past year -- the highest and fastest at any time in the past forty years -- were too much for some institutions in the banking system to handle. As a result of those steep rate increases, last month the Fed had to worry about a run on a major portion of the American banking system.
 The Fed and the FDIC did what they had to do to prevent a full-fledged banking catastrophe. Those who complain that the Fed overstepped and did too much to bail out large depositors and the banking system don't understand the ramifications of a massive, uncontrolled bank scare. In such a scare, people and institutions withdraw their money first and ask questions later. It would have been the equivalent of a neutron bomb hitting the economy. If the Fed hadn't acted the way they did, there would have been more runs on banks and the Fed's job of insuring that the banking system remains sound for depositors would have been an order of magnitude more difficult and expensive. The best way to stop a bank run -- as well as a brush fire and a riot -- is not to let it get started in the first place.
 Hopefully the crisis is over. Only time will tell. The basic problem is that money center banks carry an implied guarantee by the government since they are too big to fail. But local and regional banks do not have a similar guarantee, so they are at a distinct competitive disadvantage. I am somewhat surprised that the authorities were able to calm the waters without guaranteeing all deposits, and I wouldn't be surprised if other flare-ups appear in the coming months.
 For the time being, we are left with the question that we've been wrestling with for the past year: should the Fed raise rates and if so, how much higher will rates have to go in order to slay the inflation dragon? My answer to that question is the same as it was last quarter: announce that there will be no increase in the Fed funds rate for the next three months so the Fed can assess all the data and make a proper determination of the direction of inflation. There are plenty of signs that our economy is weakening, and managing monetary policy by reacting to every monthly tick of the CPI or other indicators is not a productive way to manage monetary policy.
 Remember that in the past year, Fed funds are up almost 500 basis points. Between the effects of the banking system crisis on lending and the delayed response to the rapid increase in interest rates, now is certainly the time for a pause. And that's the way I see things. More next quarter.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-05 00:00:00) =====
James Tisch: [ The transcript was presubmitted by Loews Corporation. No live call was conducted for the fourth quarter earnings call. ]
 Loews had a strong fourth quarter, finishing the year with our consolidated subsidiaries producing stellar results. Before discussing these financial results, however, I'd like to provide an update concerning the litigation related to our 2018 acquisition of the minority interest in Boardwalk Pipelines. We are pleased to report that in late December of 2022 the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in Loews's favor, reversing the lower Court of Chancery's ruling that had awarded former Boardwalk minority unitholders damages in the amount of $690 million, plus interest -- or just over $900 million in total. With the main issue settled and behind us, there remain three unresolved issues still under consideration in the litigation process. In December, the case was remanded to the Chancery Court so that the Court could rule on these three remaining items. 
 Turning back to Loews's financial results, let's take a look at our property and casualty insurance subsidiary, CNA Financial.
 CNA's performance was strong, with underwriting results at or near its top quartile peers. The company reported a fourth quarter and full year underlying combined ratio of 91.2%, which is in line with the company's excellent performance in 2021. CNA's all-in combined ratio increased slightly in the fourth quarter to 93.7% due to higher catastrophe losses from winter storm Elliott. For the full year, however, the all-in combined ratio improved from the prior year by 3.0 points to 93.2% driven by lower catastrophes and more favorable prior year development. In more good news, net written premiums grew 9% in 2022, due to improved retention and strong new business, which grew by 13%.
 Last year's substantial interest rate increase was also positive for CNA, since it is enabling the company to reinvest its cash flow at significantly higher yields. And while book value per share has suffered a decline due to those higher interest rates, this decline does not imply any deterioration in the credit quality of the portfolio. On average, CNA reinvests about $300 million a month in its fixed-income portfolio, and higher interest rates will improve that portfolio's yield over time. Higher rates are particularly helpful for CNA's long-term care book of business, which has longer duration liabilities than CNA's P&C business. During 2022, the company was able to buy long-term securities at higher yields than it previously could, allowing it to advantageously lengthen the duration of this portion of its portfolio.
 Given the company's strong underwriting performance, CNA raised its regular quarterly dividend from $0.40 per share to $0.42 per share. Additionally, the company also announced a special dividend of $1.20 per share. Including regular dividends paid in 2022, these dividends represent about 85% of its net income, a percentage that is generally consistent with the last three-year average. 
 Loews Hotels had a phenomenal year. The company reported full year adjusted EBITDA of $345 million, far exceeding its pre-pandemic 2019 results. Several new resort and convention properties developed by Loews Hotels have opened over the past few years, and the company's favorable performance has certainly been positively impacted by the addition of these attractively situated properties. This past November, Loews Hotels expanded its presence in the South Florida market with the addition of the Loews Coral Gables Hotel.
 Loews Hotels owns a 20% interest in this 242-room property. The company now owns and/or operates 26 hotels and resorts across the US and Canada. Construction also continues on the Loews Arlington Hotel, the company's nearly 900-room property in Arlington, Texas, slated to open in the first quarter of 2024. With these additions, roughly 70% of the company's over-16,000 rooms are at resort properties.
 Boardwalk Pipelines also had a great year, reporting full year 2022 EBITDA of $892 million. The company benefited from stronger natural gas flows and improved pricing. Natural gas remains an essential part of our nation's energy future because of its ability to fuel dispatchable electricity. We are happy that, over the course of the year, Boardwalk grew its revenue backlog by about $65 million to $9.1 billion, more than 70% of which is with investment grade customers. We also believe that Boardwalk has done an exceptional job of transforming its customer base from mostly marketers to mostly end users. In 2015, 36% of the company's revenue was derived from end users; today, approximately 70% of its customers are end users-- primarily power generators, LNG exporters and industrial companies. 
 Next I'd like to provide a quick update on our capital allocation decisions during 2022. At Loews, one of our major capital allocation levers is investing in the companies we know best - namely, our subsidiaries. These companies tend to finance their own growth, but at times Loews invests in major projects, and in 2022 this was indeed the case. Last year our packaging subsidiary Altium completed a major acquisition and Loews provided $79 million of the $270 million purchase price. Loews Corp. invested $33 million with Loews Hotels to fund new developments, primarily the construction of the Loews Arlington Hotel. This was only 10% of the $316 million invested by Hotels in its own growth in 2022. Boardwalk also made substantial investments in its own business this year, spending $344 million on capital projects to maintain and expand service to its customers. 
 Share repurchases remained Loews's largest capital allocation lever in 2022. We repurchased nearly 12.7 million shares for a total cost of about $738 million, which represents about 5% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. We were conservative in the amount we allocated to share repurchases in 2022 in view of the judgment then pending against Loews in Delaware that was reversed in late December.
 Over the past five years, we have repurchased over 97 million shares of Loews stock and reduced our share count by about 29%. We feel that share repurchases are a great use of the company's capital and that they create value for our shareholders over the medium to long term. As long as our shares trade below our view of their intrinsic value, we will continue to repurchase them.
 In conclusion, let me emphasize that it is no accident that Loews and our subsidiaries have had such a good year, given the talent, hard work, and dedication of our employees. I am incredibly grateful for their contributions and look forward to another successful year of creating value for all our stakeholders. 
Jane Wang: For the fourth quarter of 2022, Loews reported net income of $364 million or $1.53 per share, which compares favorably to net income of $343 million or $1.36 per share in last year's fourth quarter. This year-over-year increase was driven by higher investment income from the parent company and higher income from Boardwalk, partially offset by lower net income from CNA.
 For the full year, Loews reported net income of $1.012 billion or $4.16 per share compared to $1.578 billion or $6.07 per share in 2021. Last year's results included a $438 million after-tax investment gain from the partial sale and deconsolidation of Altium Packaging. Putting aside lower investment income at both CNA and Loews, all of our subsidiaries posted strong growth in operating performance, which I will discuss in more detail later. 
 Book value per share declined from $71.84 at the end of 2021 to $61.86 at the end of 2022 due to the effect of higher interest rates lowering the fair value of CNA's fixed income investments. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, where this unrealized loss sits, book value per share increased by nearly 7% from $71.09 to $75.78. The increase was driven by 2022's earnings and accretive share repurchases.
 Turning to our insurance subsidiary: CNA contributed net income of $223 million to Loews in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to $239 million in 2021. The slight year-over-year decrease was driven by lower investment results and higher catastrophes due to Winter Storm Elliott, partially offset by higher underlying underwriting income. The fourth quarter of 2022 also benefited from lower adverse reserve development on CNA's loss portfolio transfer related to asbestos and environmental liabilities. 
 For the full year, CNA contributed net income of $802 million to Loews versus $1.077 billion in 2021. The decrease was driven by unfavorable results in the company's LP and common stock portfolios, which masked a record year of P&C underwriting income for CNA. 
 For the year, LPs and common stocks in the CNA portfolio together posted a negative 1.4% return, versus a positive return of 22.3% in 2021. Additionally, in 2022, CNA experienced investment losses driven by unfavorable changes in the fair value of nonredeemable preferred stock and from realized losses on sales related to portfolio repositioning activities. CNA was able to increase duration on its Life & Group investment portfolio from 9.2 years at the end of 2021 to 9.9 years at the end of 2022.
 In 2022 CNA posted its highest year of P&C underwriting income ever, up 93% from 2021. This increase was driven by continued profitable growth in this hard insurance market.
 Net written premiums grew by 9% in 2022, driven by three factors: first, new business grew by 13%; second, retention increased by 4 points to 86%; and third, while net written rate increases decelerated to 5%, exposure growth increased to nearly 3%.
 The company's 2022 combined ratio of 93.2% is a 3.0 point improvement over 2021, driven by 2.1 points of improvement in catastrophe losses and a 0.7-point improvement in favorable prior year development. Catastrophe losses in 2021 included both Hurricane Ida and Winter Storm Uri.
 Beginning in Q1 2023, long-term care will be accounted for under the new GAAP accounting standard of "long duration targeted improvement", otherwise known as LDTI. Under this accounting, changes in discount rate and operating assumptions will decouple as discount rates will run through the balance sheet under AOCI, and changes in operating assumptions will run through the income statement. Discount rate assumptions will be based on single A-rated yields and updated on a quarterly basis.
 Operating assumptions such as morbidity and persistency will be reviewed at least annually. While the change is effective January 1, 2023, CNA, as well as Loews, will be applying these changes from the transition date of January 1, 2021. In other words, there will be one year of restated financial results in our quarterly reports and two years of restated financial results in our annual 10-K filing.   More to come on this topic next quarter, but the main point to note is that this change in accounting has no impact on the cash flows or underlying economics of CNA's long-term care business, nor does it impact capital and surplus under statutory accounting practices.
 These are the highlights for CNA. Please refer to CNA's Investor Relations website for more details on their results and further discussion on the LDTI accounting change. 
 Moving to our natural gas pipeline business: Boardwalk contributed EBITDA of $248 million in the fourth quarter compared to $207 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. For the full year, EBITDA increased from $834 million in 2021 to $892 million in 2022. As a reminder, EBITDA is defined and reconciled on page 13 of these remarks.
 This outstanding performance was driven by higher revenues from recently completed growth projects, higher recontracting rates and higher utilization of pipeline and storage assets. This revenue growth was partially offset by higher costs from maintenance projects due to revised pipeline safety requirements.
 Boardwalk's 2022 fourth quarter and full year net income also increased by $18 million and $12 million to $83 million and $247 million, respectively. The positive change in net income was smaller than the increase in EBITDA due to higher depreciation expense from recently completed projects.
 Loews Hotels had a record year in 2022. The company contributed $117 million of net income to Loews in 2022 versus a $14 million loss in 2021. These improvements were driven by robust leisure travel demand, as well as a pickup in group travel. For the fourth quarter of 2022, Hotels contributed $33 million of net income versus $37 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. The negative comparison is due to the acceleration of a local government grant of $26 million in 2021's fourth quarter, which was substantially offset by the company's strong operating performance in 2022. 
 The company posted Adjusted EBITDA of $85 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 versus $64 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. Full year Adjusted EBITDA improved by over $200 million from $135 million in 2021 to $345 million in 2022. As a reminder, Adjusted EBITDA is defined and reconciled on pages 14 and 15 of these remarks.
 Occupancy increased from 55% in 2021 to 79% in 2022.
 Finally, turning to the corporate segment: Loews recorded investment income of $72 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $46 million in the prior year's quarter, driven by improvement in equity returns. However, full year 2022 had lower investment returns compared to 2021. 
 The corporate segment also includes our proportionate share of Altium's earnings, which is accounted for under the equity method. Altium's 2022 results improved year-over-year due to improvement in inflationary cost pressures and contribution from acquisitions, partially offset by volume declines. 
 From a cash flow perspective, we received $97 million in dividends from CNA in the fourth quarter of 2022. For the full year 2022, CNA paid Loews $876 million, consisting of four regular quarterly dividends of $0.40 per share and a special dividend of $2 per share. We also received $102 million in dividends from Boardwalk Pipelines. 
 From October 31 through December 31, we repurchased 1.5 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $86 million. That brings our total 2022 share repurchases to 12.7 million shares at a total cost of $738 million. From January 1 through February 3 of 2023, Loews repurchased an additional 1.0 million shares for a total cost of $58 million.
 Loews ended the year with $3.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. 
 Today, CNA announced that they increased their regular dividend to $0.42 and declared a special dividend of $1.20, which amounts to $395 million for Loews, which we expect to receive in March. 
Unknown Executive: Every quarter, we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance of earnings that they would like us to answer in our remarks. Please see below for the questions we have received, along with some additional questions we found relevant.
 CNA just declared a special dividend of $1.20 versus $2.00 last year. Does this change impact your outlook for the company?
 This change is attributable to lower investment income from losses in the LP and common stock portfolios. The increase in the company's regular quarterly dividend from $0.40 to $0.42 is a reflection of the CNA Board's confidence in the future performance of CNA. The company remains operationally strong, and we are very bullish on the company's prospects. Not only do we believe that CNA will benefit from higher interest rates, we also believe the company will continue to produce strong underlying results. CNA's management team has done a tremendous job over the past several years transforming CNA into a top quartile underwriter. Since Dino Robusto took over, the company's underlying combined ratio has improved from 97.9% in 2016 to 91.2% in 2022.  
 How will a potential recession impact your subsidiaries?
 Overall, our subsidiaries operate in fairly recession-resilient industries. That said, we would expect a recession to have some impact, which we'll outline subsidiary by subsidiary.
 Insurance is an essential service that businesses need regardless of the broader economic environment. In fact, a recession may benefit the insurance industry by bringing down loss cost inflation. The industry is currently feeling the effects of high inflation, which we would expect to moderate in a recession. However, growth in certain insurance lines may be impacted by a slowdown in business activity. For example, workers compensation premiums would likely be lower if there are fewer individuals in the workplace. 
 Boardwalk is perhaps our most recession-resilient business, as its backlog primarily consists of firm contracts with investment-grade customers. Historically in recessions, there's not a significant decline in demand for natural gas. Boardwalk's contracts are also take-or-pay so it would not be significantly impacted by lower throughput. 
 Loews Hotels is the most likely to feel the impact of a recession. Although we have not seen any slowdown in demand yet, a recession would likely result in a reduction of both leisure and business travel.
 Altium is also highly recession-resistant since most of the end markets that it serves are consumer staples. The company, and the manufacturing sector in general, may also benefit from a recession if the recession results in lower labor turnover.
 How have higher interest rates impacted your subsidiaries?
 For the most part our subsidiaries have fixed rate debt. The one exception is Altium, which has some floating rate debt. CNA has been positively impacted by higher rates as it is able to re-invest its portfolio at more attractive yields.
 How will the 1% tax on share repurchases impact your capital allocation strategy?
 The share repurchase tax will go into effect for the 2023 taxable year and will levy a tax of 1% of the fair market value of any stock repurchased less the fair value of any stock issued during the year. This tax is estimated to raise $55 billion to over $100 billion of revenue over the next ten years. These estimates take into account a modest shift towards dividends in response to the tax. 
 At 1%, this tax will not change our capital allocation strategy. However, at higher levels Loews and many other corporations may reevaluate their share repurchase allocations.
 Jim, would you like to share your latest thoughts on the economy, interest rates and inflation? 
James Tisch: I looked back in my notes and saw that this is the eighth time I will have commented on the economy and interest rates over the past few years. I'm pleased to say that - so far - I haven't embarrassed myself with my forecasts. I'll quickly recap my remarks here to share how my thinking has evolved in response to the Fed's actions.
 I started out in early May of 2021 by ringing the inflation alarm bell and talking about higher commodity prices along with cost-push and demand-pull inflationary warnings. At that time, I said the Fed had their proverbial heads in the sand concerning inflation. I also said that politicians and economists were truly kidding themselves about Modern Monetary Theory (the notion that one can have unlimited federal spending and loose money with no adverse economic impacts).
 In the next few calls, I went on to note that inflation warning signs were proliferating. I cited concerns about the cycle of inflation and the scarcity of employees. I warned against easy monetary policy in a strengthening economy and said that a near zero Fed funds rate was a danger. I stated that the squeeze on Treasuries brought about by quantitative easing -- resulting in ten-year notes trading between 50 basis points and 1.50% -- was a red flag, as was the dramatic rise in M2 at over a 20% rate of growth.
 In February of 2022, however, I started to change my tune as the Fed seemed finally to admit they had a problem. It was now abundantly clear that fiscal stimulus combined with easy monetary policy had brought year-over-year CPI to 7.5% (on its way to 9% in June of '22), and the Fed sat up and took notice. In May of '22, I gave kudos to Chairman Powell for finally recognizing the problem. I said that the age of yield curve intervention had ended.
 Fiscal stimulus, loose money, easing Covid and a high savings rate had combined to release the inflation genie from its bottle. Gone were Modern Monetary Theory, the Fed put on the stock market (the notion that the Fed would not allow the stock market to decline significantly), and yield curve control by the Fed. At the time I said, "The Fed imposing its judgment in place of the market's judgment, while sometimes necessary in a moment of crisis, is fraught with enormous danger as a long-term policy."
 That brings us up to today.
 Until Friday's blowout unemployment numbers, I would have said that it seems to me that the Fed is trying to atone for having been asleep at the switch for the past 15 years - and especially for the last two years - by being ultra-tight now. If I were a member of the FOMC and had to decide last week on whether or not to tighten, I would have argued that the Fed should pause for three or four months in order to see whether they have already raised rates enough to slow the economy and bring inflation down.
 Over-tightening has its risks, including possibly causing a calamity in the financial markets akin to what happened with the failure of Long Term Capital Management in 1998. In view of Friday's numbers, however, I've changed my mind and tip my hat to the Chairman for the continued tightening by the Fed. As for further tightening moves, I would monitor the data very closely and would err on the side of a pause to avoid the economic risks of overtightening. With regard to the possibility of a recession, my current forecast is for what I call a shallow full-employment recession in 2023 wherein unemployment stays below 5 percent.
 Notwithstanding my view that the Fed has gotten with the program in the past year, I am not yet bullish on term government securities. The ten-year Treasury note currently trades at a yield of approximately 3.55% percent, which means that even if inflation numbers get down to the Fed's goal of 2 percent, the ten-year notes will still be trading with a 135 basis point real yield. If you look at ten-year note yields over the past 40 years, you will see that until 2007 they traded with a real yield (vis--vis the year-over-year CPI) of 200 to 400 basis points.
 Since 2008 and the age of loose monetary policy by the Fed, real yields have oftentimes been zero or negative. I believe that those days are over, and that quantitative easing and ZIRP (zero interest rate policy) are now in the rear-view mirror. Instead, last year, with the Fed increasing short rates and quantitative tightening, the Fed reintroduced policies that will result in positive real yields for investors. Instead of the Fed purchasing $1 trillion of term securities a year, they are now selling that amount every year. The bond market will need to reprice to accommodate that extra supply.
 Unless there is a catastrophe in the financial markets, I don't expect that the Fed will go back to ZIRP or QE for a long while -- so my advice is for investors to go slowly investing in Treasuries. Treasuries are certainly a much better investment today than they were anytime in the past 15 years, but my guess is that over time, they will become a better and better investment since they will likely trade at higher real yields.
 And that's the way I see the Fed and the fixed income investing environment at this moment. Stay tuned in three months for another update.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Loews Corporation Q3 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note this call is recorded. I will be standing by if you should need any assistance. And it's now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Nugent.
Chris Nugent: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release and investor presentation maybe found on our Web site, loews.com. On the call this morning, we will have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and Chief Financial Officer, Jane Wang. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session with questions from our shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call may include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and investor presentation for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Chris, and good morning. Before I discuss our financial results, I'd like to tell you about some executive changes that are taking place at Loews Hotels. On January 1, of next year, Jon Tisch will become the Executive Chairman of Loews Hotels, and Alex Tisch will assume the role of President and CEO. Jon will also continue to be a member of the Office of the President of Loews Corp. and the Co-Chairman of the Loews Corporation Board of Directors, along with Andrew Tisch. In his 43 years of Loews Hotels, Jon has engineered the company's expansion and emergence as the leading hotel business. In particular, Jon was instrumental in building Loews Hotels' long-standing partnership in Orlando with Universal Studios, also having the foresight to develop the iconic Loews Miami Beach Hotel. As a result, Loews Hotels now has nearly 10,000 rooms in the sought-after Florida market. Additionally, Jon created a corporate culture that places a high value on empowering team members, satisfying customers, and contributing to communities. Jon has successfully guided the company through several of the more turbulent periods in the hospitality industry, most recently the COVID pandemic. Loews Hotels is now stronger than it has ever been as evidenced by the company's outstanding financial results. We are deeply grateful for Jon's contributions to the company and his continued presence will be of tremendous value to Loews Hotels. Alex Tisch joined Loews Hotels in June of 2017, after working at Loews Corp. since 2008. Over the last five years, Alex has been instrumental in the creation and execution of the company's highly effective growth strategy, and has proven himself to be a dynamic leader and a talented hotel executive. Alex oversaw the development of Loews Hotels' 800-room property in Kansas City, and was integral in developing key partnerships such as the company's partnership with the City of Arlington, Texas. I'm confident that Alex will continue to chart a course for sustained growth at Loews Hotels, and we are excited to welcome him into this new leadership role. Moving on to our third quarter financial results, our subsidiaries performed very well this quarter, which led to good consolidated results for the company. Before we discuss the financials, I'd like to acknowledge our employees who were impacted by Hurricane Ian, and thank them for their strength and dedication during these trying times. In particular, I want to give a big shout-out to the almost 2,000 employees who moved into our properties in Orlando in order to help our, approximately, 20,000 guests and displaced residents on the Universal campus, who were feeling the storm. Thank you very much, guys. I'm happy to report that Loews Hotels experienced minimum financial impact from Hurricane Ian. Both leisure and group travel has bounced back dramatically from the pandemic levels, and the company continues to benefit from its five resorts and convention properties that opened during the past few years. Very soon, we'll be able to add the Loews Coral Gables hotel to that list. The new property will formally open in November, adding to Loews Hotels' presence in South Florida. With the addition of Coral Gables, the company will have approximately 16,500 guest rooms. Loews Hotels' adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $77 million, up $18 million compared to the third quarter of 2021. And for the nine-months, ending in September 30, Loews Hotels reported $261 million of adjusted EBITDA, which is higher than the company's pre-COVID full-year 2019 adjusted EBITDA of $227 million. In Texas, construction continues on schedule and on budget for the nearly 900-room Loews Arlington Hotel. Slated to open in the first quarter of 2024, this property epitomizes Loews Hotels' strategy of owning and operating hotels with high-quality meeting and event space that also have built-in demand generators. The Loews Arlington will be within walking distance of three professional sports and performance venues as well as the National Medal of Honor Museum, among other attractions. We remain committed to growth in this area of the hotel and hospitality industry. Moving on to CNA, CNA's core income of $213 million during the third quarter includes $87 million in pre-tax catastrophe losses related to Hurricane Ian. Results continue to be strong, with CNA reporting an underlying combined ratio of 91.1 during the third quarter. CNA's all-in combined ratio, including catastrophe losses, was 95.8, an improvement of 4.2 points over the prior year. Net written premiums grew by 8% due to improved retention and new business. Despite CNA's stellar performance over the past several years, we believe the company still trades at a substantial discount to its peers. Furthermore, I believe the property and casualty insurance industry is undervalued by the market. While the S&P 500 trades at around 17 times 2022 earnings, the commercial P&C insurance industry trades in the low double digits. In a show of support for CNA, its strategy, and its management team, in the third quarter, Loews brought about 670,000 share of CNA common stock for approximately $26 million. As for Boardwalk Pipelines, the company continues to perform well and grow revenue. We look forward to the resolution of our litigation, whose appeal is currently pending in the Delaware Supreme Court. That case was heard on September 14. We continue to have every hope that this case will be resolved positively by the end of this year. If you'd like to know more about our thoughts on the Boardwalk litigation, I refer you to my remarks from the first quarter earnings call of this year. Our plastic packaging company, Altium, completed the $270 million acquisition of Plastic Industries, in the second quarter, which was funded with $150 million of equity, including $79 million from Loews and $120 million of debt. Plastic Industries is a blow molding packaging manufacturer that was headquartered in Nashua, New Hampshire. Altium purchased the company for approximately nine times EBITDA, and we anticipate that that multiple will be several times lower after operational synergies are realized. Concerning share repurchases, from July 29, the last day we reported share repurchases, until today, we have repurchased approximately 3.5 million shares of Loews common stock for $193 million. Year-to-date, we've bought back 4.5% of our outstanding shares for $652 million. So, as we believe that Loews trades at a significant discount to our view of its intrinsic value, we are very enthusiastic about purchasing our shares at these levels. However, with the Boardwalk litigation pending, we believe it's prudent to moderate our share repurchase activity until the case is fully resolved. Finally, we understand that most of you are reading a transcript of this call, as opposed to listening to the live broadcast. For this reason, we are considering simply posting a transcript and discontinuing the call in the future. We welcome your feedback on this option. Thank you, and stay tuned for more details. And now, I'd like to hand the call over to our CFO, Jane Wang.
Jane Wang: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the third quarter of 2022, Loews reported net income of $130 million or $0.54 per share, compared to the net income of $220 million or $0.85 per share in last year's third quarter. This year-over-year decrease was driven mainly by CNA's lower net investment income and higher investment losses. While Hurricane Ian impacted CNA and hotels, both companies posted another quarter of strong, profitable growth. Boardwalk continues its consistent robust performance, and the Loews parent company navigated through volatile equity capital markets. Book value per share declined from $71.84 at year-end 2021, to $58.14 at the end of the third quarter due to effect of higher interest rates lowering the market value of CNA's fixed income investments. Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income where this unrealized loss sits, book value per share actually increased from $71.09 at yearend to $74.11 on September 30th. This increase was driven by our current year's earnings and accretive share repurchases. Turning to our largest subsidiary, CNA contribute a net income of $150 million to Loews this quarter compared to $229 million last year. The year-over-year decline primarily reflects a $68 million decrease in net investment income attributable to Loews driven by lower net investment income from LPs and common stocks, partially offset by higher earnings from the fixed income portfolio. During the third quarter, LPs and common stocks together returned negative 2.1% versus the S&P 500 which had a negative 4.9% return. In comparison in last year's third quarter, LPs and common stock returned a positive 3.8%. In addition, investment gains and losses declined driven in part by realized losses from the sale of short-dated bonds, strategically buy longer dated bonds at higher rates. On the underwriting side, CNA again posted another quarter of strong profitable growth contributing $61 million of incremental underwriting income to Loews. Net written premiums grew 8% driven by several factors. First, new business grew by 12%. Second, retention increased 4 points to 85%. And third, while net written rate increases decelerated to 5%, exposure growth has increased to 3.3%. The all-in combine ratio of 95.8% was 4.2 points better than the third quarter of 2021. This included 5.5 points of catastrophe and 0.8 points of favorable development. So, the underlying combined ratio was 91.1%; flat to last year's third quarter. Underwriting actions and incremental reinsurance has served CNA well. Even with the $87 million impact from Hurricane Ian, catastrophe losses were lower year-over-year as last year's quarter was impacted by Hurricane Ida and incremental losses from Winter Storm Uri. The expense ratio was steady at 30.8%. In the Life & Group segment, CNA continues to proactively manage its runoff long-term care business. The annual growth premium reserve valuation performed at third quarter resulted in an increase in the active life reserve margin from $72 million last year to $125 million this year. The long-term care claim reserve review also resulted in a pre-tax net reserve release of $25 million. We are highly confident in CNA's prudent reserving philosophy in active management to further reduce the risk profile of this block. CNA's unrealized loss position has increased to $4.1 billion from $1.8 billion last quarter as higher interest rates and wider spreads continue to lower the market value of CNA's fixed income investments. As we discussed last quarter, this decline does not imply any deterioration in the credit quality of the portfolio. In fact, the increase in rate is favorable as CNA is able to continue reinvesting at higher rates while also extending the duration of the Life & Group portfolio. These are the highlights of CNA's performance this quarter. Please refer to CNA's Investor Relations Web site for more details on their quarter. Moving to our natural gas pipeline business, Boardwalk contributed EBITDA of $192 million this quarter compared to $184 million last year. Revenues increased due recently completed growth projects, higher re-contracting rates, and higher utilization of its pipeline and storage assets. That revenue growth has been largely offset by higher cost from maintenance project due to revised pipeline safety requirements. The decrease in net income from $38 million in last year's third quarter to $34 million this quarter was driven by higher depreciation expense from recently completed projects and $5 million impairment due to the retirement of an old asset. Turning to Loews Hotels, despite facing Hurricane Ian at the end of September, the company had another strong quarter growing adjusted EBITDA from $59 million in last year's third quarter to $77 million in this year's third quarter. As a reminder, adjusted EBITDA is reconciled in our investor presentation posted to the Web site. The company contributed $25 million in net income to Loews this quarter versus $13 million in the third quarter of last year, driven by continued strong performance across the board due to robust leisure demand, a significant pickup in group travel, and the return of business travel. Occupancy has increased from 71.5% in last year's third quarter, to 84.7% this quarter. The financial impact from Hurricane Ian was very minimal. Wrapping up with the Corporate segment, Loews recorded an after-tax impairment loss of $15 million in the quarter, compared to a $23 million loss in the prior year's quarter. Both losses were driven by declines in our equity portfolio. The Corporate segment also includes our proportionate share of Altium's earnings, which is accounted for under the equity method. Our share of Altium's income improved this quarter driven by a favorable lag in passing through lower resin prices, versus last year's quarter, where increasing resin prices resulted in an unfavorable resin lag. Pricing initiatives helped to offset inflationary cost pressures in lower volume demand. From a cash flow perspective, we received $97 million in dividends from CNA this quarter, and $778 million year-to-date, consisting of three regular quarterly dividends of $0.40 per share, and a special dividend of $2.00 per share. Since June 30, we have repurchased an incremental 4.8 million shares of Loews at a cost of $268 million. That brings our total year-to-date share repurchases, through last Friday, to 11.2 million shares at a total cost of $652 million. As Jim mentioned, we also purchased 670,000 of CNA for a total of $26 million. Loews ended the quarter with $3.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. The majority of these funds are held in treasury bills, and less than 20% are held in equities and limited partnerships. I will now hand the call back to Chris.
Chris Nugent: Thank you, Jane.
A - Chris Nugent: Moving on to the Q&A portion of the call, we have a number of questions from our shareholders. Every quarter, we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance that they would like us to answer on our earnings call. Our first question is for Jane. Jane, Jim provided an update on the Boardwalk litigation and referred us to his prior comments earlier in the year. Are you able to give us any further updates on this litigation?
Jane Wang: Well, as Jim mentioned, we argued our case before the Delaware Supreme Court, on September 14. We really appreciate the support of our legal team of advisors. And along with them, we're hopeful that a decision will be released by the end of the year.
Chris Nugent: Thanks, Jane. Our next question is for Jim. Jim, does Alex's promotion to President and CEO of Loews Hotels signal any shift in Loews Hotels' strategy?
Jim Tisch: No, there is no change in Loews Hotels' strategy. The leadership change is seamless and will support the hotel company's current growth strategy. Let me repeat, that strategy is based on two core pillars. First, catering to group travel at high-quality destinations, and second, developing and operating hotels immersive destinations. The first pillar focuses on hotels with 300-plus keys and ample meeting space that also will offer a unique experience to attract group and transient customers alike. We are very encouraged by the recent pickup in group travel at these locations, and all our locations with significant meeting space. The properties that Loews Hotels owns in partnership with Universal Orlando are a great example of the second pillar of the Loews Hotels strategy; immersive destinations with built-in demand generators. The Universal Orlando partnership has been highly successful, spanning more than two decades and currently including eight hotels, with 9,000 rooms. Regarding Alex, he assumed the position of President in September of 2020, and has been instrumental in executing the strategy that I just laid out, and is driving our strong results for Loews Hotels. Under his leadership, Loews Hotels strengthened the partnership with Universal, and made advances in leveraging data analytics to drive growth. His promotion recognizes the many contributions he's made over the last several years, and reflects our confidence in his ability to lead Loews Hotels' future growth.
Chris Nugent: Thank you, Jim. Our final question is also for you. Would you like to update us on your thoughts about interest rates, inflation, and the economy as we head into the final quarter of 2022?
Jim Tisch: Sure. When I started sharing my observations about inflation and the economy in the first quarter of 2021, it was very obvious, at least to me, that the Fed should be tightening monetary policy. At that time, the economy was running very hot, and interest rates were ridiculously low. 12 months ago, year-over-year CPI was running at over 5%. And so far this year, it's running at over 8%. At the end of the first quarter of this year, the Fed abandoned the word "Transitory," and finally kicked into gear. The Fed started to steadily increase the Fed funds rate and, more recently, to shrink its balance sheet. In the past seven months, Fed funds have moved from almost zero to more than 3%, with expectations of another 125 basis point increase in the next two months. And the bond market, as exemplified by the 10-Year Note, has moved smartly higher, from 1.5% at the beginning of this year to around 4% now. There's no doubt in my mind that the rate increases we have seen in the past year will translate into a slower economy, and likewise a reduction in the inflation rate. Home mortgage rates have moved up, from 3% at the beginning of the year, to over 7% now. This increase in mortgage rates means that the monthly cost of buying a new home has more than doubled in the past 10 months. As a result of the increase in the cost of home ownership, we will begin to see a significant reduction in home prices, and the fall in the number of housing starts will continue to accelerate, all leading to a weakening GDP. Likewise, other sectors of the economy will react negatively to higher interest rates as well. So far, we haven't seen that reduction in inflation, but as you know inflation tends to respond to increases in interest rates with a lag. And my guess is that the end of that lag is almost upon us. So, I would expect to see weaker GDP numbers in the coming quarters, along with the slowing inflation as measured by the CPI. In the meantime, a number of commodity prices are declining as a result of tightening by the Fed. Copper prices are down 25%, lumber prices are down almost 60% from their highs in March, and oil prices are almost 30% from their peak, in June. In my mind, the easy part of the Fed's tightening process will be complete by the end of the year. At that point, the Fed funds rate will be over 4%, and the Fed will have clawed back some of their inflation-fighting credibility. The big question for everyone is whether the increases in short rates in 2022 will be enough to quell inflation or whether the Fed will feel it has to continue to raise short rates in 2023. I'm not alone in my opinion that the Fed should pause at the beginning of '23, and see how effective their tightening has been. They will still be in quantitative tightening mode, which means they will be selling term government securities at a rate of more than $1 trillion a year. And as I said before, the lags in Fed policy are unknown even to the wisest economists. Additionally, overtightening by the Fed can cause a financial calamity that makes a recession much worse. So, it would not be unreasonable for the Fed to say, after their December FOMC meeting, that they will be pausing rate hikes, for three months, to assess the effects of their 400 basis point increase in short rates. They can warn that if inflation does not begin to come down in that period, tightening will continue. But I expect we will see a slowing of economic indicators and a reduction in the rate of increase in prices. In terms of my fearless forecast, as I said previously, I foresee what I call a full employment recession, whereby economic growth will be negative for a few quarters, but unemployment will remain below 5%. This can happen because labor will be earning less than the rate of inflation, so that workers, collectively, will have less real income which will be the cause of the recession. I don't think the recession will be cataclysmic, like in '08 and '09. While government spending has been enormous in the past two years, we don't have the private sector excesses that can cause a deep and extended recession that can cause a deep and extended recession. I know I have changed my view of the Fed in the past year-and-a-half, but that's because eight months ago, the Fed finally became serious about fighting inflation. And they are now on the path to a slowing economy and reduced inflation. As I said, I feel appalled in tightening short-term rates at the beginning of 2023 as warranted. And hopefully, the Fed won't be badgered into excessive tightening which could have serious negative ramifications for the economy. If they were to follow my advice, the Fed should make clear that it is pausing the move to higher short rate in order to evaluate the economy for a few months before possibly resuming tightening if necessary. So that's the way I see things as of now. Stay tuned next quarter for any changes or reactions to the ensuing events that I may have.
Chris Nugent: Thank you, Jim. We have no further questions. So, that concludes our call for today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any questions. My email is cnugent@loews.com. A replay of this call will be available on our Web site loews.com in approximately two hours. Thank you again. You may now all disconnect.
Operator: That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to todays Loews Corporation Q2 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this call maybe recorded and I will be standing by if you need any assistance. It is now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Chris Nugent, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Chris Nugent: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Loews Corporations second quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, and investor presentation maybe found on our website, loews.com. Im joined today by our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and Chief Financial Officer, Jane Wang. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session with questions from our shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the companys filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filing and investor presentation for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Chris and good morning. Loews is off to a great start in the first half of 2022 with each of our consolidated subsidiaries continuing to produce strong results. CNA had another quarter of solid underwriting results, and Boardwalk continues to benefit from robust natural gas flows. Loews Hotels had a record first half of the year, especially at the resort destinations, despite the lingering effects of the pandemic on business travel. CNA continues to be a success story for Loews. The company's underlying combined ratio improved by 60 basis points to 90.8%, driven by a lower expense ratio. Excluding the impact of the quota share treaty implemented last June, net written premiums grew by 13% in the second quarter, due to strong new business and retention. CNA continues its laser like focus on underwriting and the results speak for themselves. In the financial markets in the past quarter, two major things happened, risk assets dropped dramatically, and interest rates rose significantly. CNA's core income was negatively impacted by low returns on its private equity hedge fund and common stock portfolios, which were down by $171 million pre-tax versus the prior year period. With respect to the rise in interest rates, at the end of the second quarter, CNA's fixed income portfolio had a pre-tax unrealized loss of $1.8 billion. By comparison, at the end of 2021, the portfolio had a pre-tax unrealized gain of $4.4 billion. As a result, CNA's book value per share was about $35at the end of the second quarter, compared to about $47 at the end of 2021. In fact, it is important to note that regardless of the prevailing interest rates, CNA will still receive the same cash flows from the fixed income securities that are currently in its portfolio, and the company intends to hold most of those securities to maturity. The good news is that CNA is now able to invest at significantly higher yields. And while book value per share has suffered a decline due to those higher interest rates, this decline does not imply any deterioration of the credit quality of the portfolio, nor any impairment of the timely collection of principal and interest from our securities. As I said on the last earnings call, over the long-term, higher interest rates will be generally beneficial for CNA, allowing the company to invest its cash flow at higher rates than it previously could. On average, CNA reinvest between $300 million and $400 million a month in its fixed income portfolio. So higher interest rates will improve that portfolios yield over time. Higher rates are particularly helpful for CNA's long-term care book of business, which has longer duration liabilities than CNA's P&C business. The company has been able to buy long-term securities at higher yields than it previously could, allowing it to advantageously lengthen the duration of this portion of its portfolio. Turning to Loews Hotels & Co. The company has been performing exceptionally well, having just generated its highest quarterly adjusted EBITDA ever in the amount of $116 million. These impressive results are related to strong leisure travel and rapidly recovering group demand. Total adjusted EBITDA generated for the first half of the year was $183 million, which is $54 million higher than the pre-pandemic first half of 2019. Several new resort and convention properties developed by Loews hotels have opened over the past few years, and the company's favorable performance has certainly been impacted by the addition of these attractively situated properties. Additionally, I'm happy to report that we have yet another resort hotel opening this November, the Loews Coral Gables Hotel. We look forward to this property strengthening our brand in South Florida. As a reminder, Loews Hotels is one of very few owner operators in the hotel industry. The company's ability to design its unique properties ensures that Loews Hotels are built to our exacting standards. Additionally, the company's active participation in designing these properties means that these hotels are ideally suited to today's market demands. To review, the hotel company's growth strategy is based on two pillars: first, catering to group business; and second, developing and operating hotels in immersive destinations. The first pillar focuses on hotels with 300 plus keys and ample meeting space that also offer unique local experiences that attract group and transient customers alike. We are very encouraged by the recent pickup in group travel at these locations, and really all locations with significant meeting space. The properties that Loews Hotel owns in partnership with Universal Orlando are a great example of the second pillar of the Loews Hotels strategy, immersive destinations with built in demand generators. The Universal Orlando partnership has been highly successful, spanning more than two decades, and currently encompassing eight hotels with 9,000 rooms. Additionally, Loews Hotels has been focused on building [technical difficulty] Arlington, Texas, which is an immersive destination that caters to group travel, and therefore is consistent with both pillars of its growth strategy. Our current property in Orlando -- excuse me, our first property in Arlington, the Live! by Loews Hotels is within an entertainment district with three professional sports stadiums and performance venues, and it's also close to the future home of the national Medal of Honor Museum, opening at the end of 2024. This Live! by Loews Hotel was particularly resilient during the pandemic. Given our confidence in this market, I'm pleased to report that we have topped off construction of the new Loews Arlington Hotel, an 888-room hotel connected via indoor Sky Bridge to the Live! by Loews Hotel. This new property will have over 250,000 feet of meeting and event space and will be connected to Arlington's brand new convention center. The Loews Arlington Hotel remains on track to open in the first quarter of 2024. Together, the two hotels in Arlington will have almost 1,200 rooms for guests who are visiting this vibrant entertainment district either for major events or for attending meetings in our top of the line convention space. As for Boardwalk Pipeline, the company is operationally strong, and we look forward to the resolution of our litigation whose appeal is currently pending in the Delaware Supreme Court. The case is scheduled to be heard on September 14. We have every hope that this case will be resolved by the end of the year. If you'd like to know more about my thoughts on the Boardwalk litigation, I refer you to my first quarter comments. Finally, concerning share repurchases, from April 29, the last day we reported share repurchases until today, we have repurchased 5.2 million shares of Loews common stock for $310 million. Year-to-date, we've bought back 3.1% of our outstanding shares for $459 million. As I've often said, we believe that Loews still trades at a significant discount to our view of its intrinsic value, so we will continue to let our share repurchase activity speak for itself. And now over to you, Jane, and welcome to your first earnings call as the CFO of the Loews Corporation.
Jane Wang: Thank you, Jim, and morning, everyone. I'm really looking forward to engaging with you all in this new role. Second quarter of 2022, Loews reported net income of $180 million or $0.73 per share compared to net income of $754 million or $2.86 per share in last year's second quarter. Net income for the 6-month period was $518 million or $2.09 per share versus $1 billion or $3.82 per share for the comparable prior period. The decrease year-over-year may seem large, but it's driven by two items that masked a very strong operating performance of our subsidiaries. The first being the non-recurrence of last year's $438 million after-tax investment gain on the partial sale and deconsolidation of Altium Packaging; and the second being lower investment results at both CNA and Loews, which I'll discuss more in detail later. Book value per share declined from $71.84 at year-end 2021 to $62.90 at the end of the second quarter, due mainly to the effect of higher interest rates, lowering the market value of CNA's fixed income investments. As a reminder, this unrealized loss sits in accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI on the balance sheet within shareholders' equity. If you exclude AOCI, book value per share actually increased from $71.09 at year-end to $73.26 at the end of June 2022. Turning first to our largest subsidiary. CNA contributed net income of $183 million to Loews this quarter compared to $330 million last year. The year-over-year decline primarily reflects lower net investment income from LP and common stocks, partially offset by improved underwriting results and higher income from fixed income securities. In addition, investment gains and losses declined due to the unfavorable change in the fair value of nonredeemable preferred stock. Putting aside the investment results, we are pleased that CNA showed a significant improvement in their P&C underwriting income this quarter, which grew by over 60%. This was driven by both top line growth and better profit margins. Net written premiums grew 13% on an apples-to-apples basis when you exclude last year's one-time catch-up related to a property quota share treaty. This was driven by 27% new business growth, 4 points of improvement on retention to 85% and net written rate increase of 6%. Although written rate increases have decelerated, earned rate increases of 8% remain above loss cost trends. The combined ratio of 91% was 3 points better than the second quarter of 2021. This consists of 1.4 points of favorable prior period development, 1.1 points of improvement in the expense ratio and 1 point of improvement from lower catastrophe losses, offset by 0.5 point of unfavorable underlying loss ratio. As Jim mentioned, CNA has taken advantage of the current interest rate environment to reinvest at attractive rates and extend maturities, particularly within the Life & Group portfolio. In just one quarter, CNA extended the duration within the Life & Group portfolio from 8.9 years at the end of March to 9.7 years at the end of June. Moving on to our natural gas pipeline business. Boardwalk contributed EBITDA of $193 million this quarter compared to $196 million last year. Revenues were higher due to an increase in gas storage demand as well as recently completed growth projects connecting to end-use markets such as power plants. That revenue growth has been largely offset by higher costs from maintenance projects due to revised pipeline safety requirements. The decrease in net income from $47 million in last year's second quarter to $39 million this quarter was driven by higher depreciation expense from recently completed projects. Turning to Loews Hotels. The company contributed $44 million in net income to Loews this quarter versus a loss of $21 million in the second quarter of last year. Adjusted EBITDA, which is defined and reconciled in our investor presentation on our website, was $116 million for the quarter versus $25 million in the second quarter of last year. And as Jim mentioned, this quarter's result is an all-time high for Loews Hotels. The company has performed exceptionally well this year due to strong leisure demand at its resort properties, especially in Orlando and Miami as well as a pickup in group travel at its city center hotels. The hotel properties at the Universal Orlando Resorts contributed meaningfully to the period-over-period improvement as all 9,000 rooms were opened for the entire quarter versus a year ago when two properties were still closed for part of the quarter. Finally, for the Corporate segment. Loews reported an after-tax investment loss of $51 million in the quarter compared to $19 million of income in the prior year's quarter. This loss was driven by declines in our equity portfolio. The Corporate segment also includes our proportionate share of Altium's earnings, which is accounted for under the equity method. Our share of Altium's income slightly improved this quarter due to price increases offsetting lower volume demand. From a cash flow perspective, we received $97 million in dividends from CNA this quarter and $681 million year-to-date, consisting of two regular quarterly dividends of $0.40 per share and a special dividend of $2 per share. Since we updated you last quarter, we have repurchased an incremental 5.2 million shares at a cost of $310 million. That brings our total year-to-date share repurchases through last Friday to 7.7 million shares at a total cost of $459 million. Loews ended the quarter with $3.5 billion in cash and short-term investments. The majority of these funds are held in treasury bills and less than 20% are held in equities and limited partnerships. I will now hand the call back to Chris.
A - Chris Nugent: Thank you, Jane. Moving on to the question-and-answer portion of the call. We have a number of questions from our shareholders. Every quarter, we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance that they would like us to answer on our earnings call. Our first question is for Jane. Jane, can you give us an update on the Boardwalk litigation?
Jane Wang: Sure. We filed both our appeal brief and our reply brief, and we expect to argue our case before the court on September 14. We anticipate a decision hopefully by the end of the year.
Chris Nugent: Great. Thank you, Jane. The next question is also for you. Did the recent incident at the Freeport LNG liquefaction plant have an impact on Boardwalk?
Jane Wang: No, it did not. And just for context, in early June, there was a fire at Freeport LNG, which is one of the largest LNG export facilities in the U.S. Freeport shut down its operation and does not expect to be back at full capacity until later on this year. However, Boardwalk's transportation contracts with the Freeport shippers are on a take-or-pay basis, so it was not materially impacted by this incident.
Chris Nugent: Thank you, Jane. Next question is for Jim. Jim, can you provide us with an update on how labor shortages are affecting Loews' subsidiaries?
Jim Tisch: Gladly. So a few quarters ago, I discussed labor issues at Altium and at Loews Hotels. Since then, for Loews Hotels, I'm happy to report the labor has become less of a problem. Increased staffing levels are enabling Loews Hotels team members to deliver the high-quality service to which its guests are custom. At Altium, labor continuity continues to be a challenge in some manufacturing locations. To address this challenge, Altium is offering sign-on retention and employee referral bonuses. They've also adjusted base wages to keep up with the market. These actions have enabled Altium to close staffing gaps in many facilities. Overall, we are pleased that both Loews Hotels and Altium are seeing improvements in staffing.
Chris Nugent: Great. Thanks, Jim. Our final question is also for you. Would you like to share with us your most recent thoughts on inflation and interest rates?
Jim Tisch: Sure. So since our last call in May, the Fed seems to be following through in their fight against inflation. At that time, the yield on 90-day treasury bills, a market closely tied to the Fed funds rate, has tripled from about 80 basis points to about 2.3%. On the other hand, in that same time period, the 10-year treasury note has moved down in yield from a yield of 3% to about 2.65%. This price action tells me that the market believes that the Fed is delivering on its promise to enact policies to tame inflation. The prices of some commodities helped to tell the story. Since the beginning of the year, lumber is down 50%. Wheat [ph] is pretty much unchanged, notwithstanding the war in Ukraine, and [indiscernible] is down about 20%. As measured from the peaks, the prices are down significantly more than from the beginning of the year. So what does all of this mean? As I look at what's going on, I have a hunch that we may be in for what I would call a full employment recession. The current unemployment rate is 3.6% and job growth for the past 1.5 years has averaged 400,000 new jobs per month. While job openings are about twice the number of job seekers, so there's plenty of room for a decline in the demand for labor, but for unemployed people to still find a new job. What's been going on for the past year is that wages have not kept pace with inflation. For example, in the latest July employment report, average hourly earnings were up 5.1% versus a year-ago, but the CPI was up 9.1% in that time span, meaning that workers fell behind inflation by 400 basis points. The thing that has kept the economy moving forward has been the increase in employment. In the past year, the number of people working has increased by 4.3% year-over-year. So with respect to aggregate demand, the increase in the number of people working has made up for the decline in real earnings. Stated another way, employment is moving up, but workers' real incomes are falling behind. I can see the state of affairs continuing for several more quarters where real wages are declining, but employment is increasing. This might give the Fed the time it needs to engineer a soft landing, whereby unemployment doesn't go above 5%, while at the same time, inflation is given a chance to come down. No, I don't expect that we will see 2% inflation in the coming 12 months. But I can foresee that there will be a significant reduction in inflation in the coming 6 to 12 months and that we might be able to avoid the truly damaging wage price inflation spiral that was so problematic in the 1970s. To accomplish this best of all possible world's outcome, the Fed will have to be steadfast in their fight against inflation, and federal spending will have to remain in check. And as long as I'm prognosticating, I don't foresee a deep and debilitating recession. Rather, I can imagine that the slowdown will be relatively shallow, which would be consistent with a full employment recession. The reason I've come to this conclusion is that we don't seem to have too many excesses in the economy or our financial institutions. There hasn't been ramping investment in housing and the financial institutions are in reasonably good shape and are seemingly not overextended. So overall, I foresee a recession that I would characterize as benign. I have enough self awareness to realize that I'm an optimist. But I consider myself a realistic optimist. And the idea of a full employment recession, as crazy as it might sound, seems like a realistic possibility for the coming 12 months. We will see. Stay tuned for my next update in 3 months from now.
Chris Nugent: Great. Thank you, Jim. That concludes the Loews call for today. As always, thank you for your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at cnugent@loews.com. A replay of this call will be available on our site, loews.com in approximately 2 hours Thank you so much. You may now all disconnect.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to todays Loews Corporation Q1 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this call maybe recorded and I will be standing by if you need any assistance. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Katie and good morning everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporations first quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview maybe found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session with questions from shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to the wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the companys filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary and good morning. Loews is off to a tremendous start in 2022 with each of our consolidated subsidiaries continuing to produce solid results in the first quarter. Before we talk about the financial performance of our subsidiaries though, I want to give you an update on the ongoing Boardwalk litigation in Delaware. As some of you already know, 4 months ago, the Delaware Court of Chancery found that Loews improperly utilized a call right embedded in Boardwalks Master Limited Partnership agreement when we bought in the minority unitholder shares of Boardwalk. Astoundingly, we were found liable for damages of almost $700 million plus interest, which amounts to more than a 60% premium to the unaffected price of Boardwalk in 2018. I have been told that this is the largest class damages award in Delaware court history. We were shocked by the decision. Why? There are three basic reasons. First, the decision disregarded and dismissed a well-supported opinion of counsel, a document to which the Delaware courts traditionally give great deference; second, the numerous well-reputed lawyers who advised us on this matter were found to have participated in a corrupt scheme to deliver what was called a contrivance; and finally, we were assessed the damage number that in terms of both dollars and premium flies in the face of established Delaware precedent that market price should serve as a barometer in assessing the value of a public company. Those who know me and know Loews will understand why Im outraged and frustrated by this outcome. At Loews, we have always believed that operating ethically and with integrity is paramount. The notion that we might have been so duplicitous in our dealings with the minorities unitholders of Boardwalk is simply not true. So where do we stand now? Currently, our case is on appeal at the Delaware Supreme Court, and we have every reason to believe the court should be taking this appeal very seriously. There are numerous precedent-setting legal findings made in our case that, in our opinion, would create significant difficulties for corporations and their lawyers in the state of Delaware if they were to be upheld. We believe the Delaware Supreme Court has spoken loudly and clearly in previous cases on the issue of damages and that throwing out years of precedent would create uncertainty and confusion for companies that rely on the Delaware courts to provide consistent and thoughtful rulings. On timing, we have already filed our appeal brief and reply brief, and we expect to argue our case before the court in the third quarter. We anticipate a decision hopefully by the end of the year. I dont think well have too much more to report before then. Today, I simply wanted to let you know where we stand and how I feel. Moving on to happier topics. On todays call, Id like to focus on the performance of CNA and Loews Hotels. CNA continues to be a success story for Loews. CNA had an outstanding quarter, delivering its strongest property and casualty combined ratio and underwriting profit since the third quarter of 2016. The underlying loss ratio was flat compared to the underlying loss ratio of the prior years quarter and generally flat for all of 2021. Total renewal premiums increased by 9% for the quarter, driven by 7 points of rate and 2 points of exposure growth. Rates continued to be ahead of loss cost trends and exposure growth is up as the economy expands. CNAs keen focus on underwriting has served them well and their balance sheet remains strong and stable. We continue to be extremely pleased with the companys performance. While higher interest rates will have a negative effect on the market value of CNAs fixed income portfolio, those same higher rates will be beneficial over the long term. The good news is that the company is now able to invest at significantly higher yields. And while book value per share has suffered a decline due to those higher interest rates, this does not imply that theres been any impairment of the timely collection of principal and interest. Higher interest rates have also been favorable for CNAs long-term care book of business, allowing CNA to buy long-term securities at higher yields than was previously available. The company is now beginning to lengthen the duration of its long-term care portfolio. As for Loews Hotels, the company delivered its highest first quarter adjusted EBITDA ever, clocking in at $68 million as pent-up demand for post-COVID leisure travel coinciding with this years timing of spring break. When comparing first quarter results with those from the first quarter of 2019, adjusted EBITDA is $7 million higher. Loews Hotels favorable performance is, of course, partially impacted by the mix of hotels in the portfolio as several more resort hotels have opened over that 3-year time period. Additionally, we have exited several urban markets  market hotels with minimal meeting space. Resort destinations continued to lead the way, and we are seeing a steady return of group business. The missing piece of the puzzle is a rebound in corporate travel, the lack of which continues to negatively affect hotels in urban centers. And while occupancy rates still lag pre-COVID levels in some locations, for most of our hotels, the average daily room rate is on par with or exceeds pre-COVID levels. Next, I want to update you on our share repurchases. During the first 4 months of the year, the company repurchased about 1% of our shares outstanding or a bit more than 2.4 million shares for approximately $148 million. Before I hand the call over to David, I want to mention that this will be his last earnings call as CFO of Loews Corporation. However, dont rush to say goodbye. Hes staying on through the end of June to ensure a smooth transition and will then continue with the company as a senior adviser. I thank David for his tremendous efforts on behalf of Loews over the past 17 years during which time he has been an invaluable member of Loews senior leadership team. His sound judgment, strategic acumen and laser-like attention to detail, has been an enormous benefit to Loews and we have been fortunate to have him as a colleague and as a friend. Jane Wang will officially take over as CFO on May 10. Jane joined the company in 2006 and has steadily and brilliantly worked her way up the ranks at Loews and I look forward to hosting our next earnings call with her. David, you are still on the hook for today. So without further ado, over to you.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, for those kind words. Working with you and the whole Loews team since 2005 has been a tremendously gratifying professional and personal experience. This morning, Loews reported first quarter net income of $338 million, a 30% increase from net income of $261 million in last years first quarter. Earnings per share rose 40% to $1.36, spurred on by a 7% year-over-year reduction in average shares outstanding, thanks to our share repurchase activity. All three of our consolidated subsidiaries, CNA Financial, Boardwalk Pipelines and Loews Hotels posted excellent results in the first quarter. While CNA accounted for the bulk of our Q1 net income, the earnings increase was driven by significantly improved results at Loews Hotels as well as by the absence of non-recurring charges related to Altium Packaging that depressed last years first quarter results. Partially offsetting these positives was a decline in parent company investment income as equity markets sold off in Q1. Before I walk through our subsidiaries results, let me touch on the impact on our earnings of recent financial market turbulence. The S&P 500 was down 4.6% in Q1, and the NASDAQ 100 was down almost twice that at 8.9%. In fixed income, the 10-year treasury yield increased 83 basis points to 2.34%, and the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index was down about 6% in the first quarter. Since both CNA and the Loews parent company hold equity securities and LP investments correlated to equities, the decline in equity markets had a negative impact on earnings in these two portfolios. The decline in bond prices caused by higher fixed income yields, however, did not negatively affect current period net investment income at either CNA or the Loews parent company. At the parent company, almost 83% of the portfolio is made up of cash and short-term investments with equity securities comprising the remainder. Changes in interest rates have a little impact on the value of our cash and short-term holdings. As Jim discussed, rising interest rates and yields did cause a decline in the value of CNAs large portfolio of fixed income investments. While these market value changes reduced CNAs net book value, they did not run through current period net investment income. In fact, as Jim mentioned, over time, higher yields should enable CNA to enhance net investment income through higher returns on new fixed income investments. CNAs net investment gains and losses, on the other hand, can be negatively affected by rising fixed income yields. For example, CNAs portfolio of non-redeemable preferred stock is mark-to-market through net investment gains and losses. Overall, the decline in CNAs net unrealized gains during the quarter reduced CNAs common equity by $1.6 billion or just under $6 per share. Let me return to our quarterly results. CNA contributed net income of $281 million, in line with last years $279 million. That said, the makeup of CNAs earnings differed year-over-year. CNAs net investment income declined because of the selloff in equity markets. Additionally, net investment gains, which were meaningful in last years first quarter, swung to a slight loss this year, driven by the unfavorable change in fair value of non-redeemable preferred stock and lower net investment gains on disposals of fixed income securities. Much improved property casualty underwriting results offset the negative earnings impact of financial markets. Continued earned premium growth and underwriting discipline led to a 10% plus increase in P&C underwriting income, excluding catastrophe losses. Earned premium was up 5% year-over-year, and the underlying combined ratio improved 50 basis points to 91.4. CNAs expense ratio, which, together with the loss ratio makes up the combined ratio, declined to 31 which was 50 basis points better than in Q1 21 and in line with full year 21. The companys expense ratio improvement over the past few years is notable and results from both expense management and premium growth. Catastrophe losses declined materially year-over-year. Last year, the winter freeze in Texas resulted in significant cat losses, whereas cat losses were unusually modest this year. Catastrophe losses added 6.8 points to the combined ratio last year as compared to only 1 point in this years first quarter. Overall, CNA posted a combined ratio of 91.9% in Q1 22 as compared to 98.1% last year. In summary, CNAs results were strong despite a challenging quarter in financial markets, driven by favorable underlying P&C underwriting results and modest catastrophe losses. Boardwalk contributed net income of $91 million, up from $85 million in last years first quarter. EBITDA, which is defined and reconciled in our earnings supplement, was $261 million in the quarter compared to $249 million in Q1 21. Boardwalks net operating revenues increased more than 3% year-over-year, driven by growth projects recently placed in service. Loews Hotels continues its impressive rebound, as Jim mentioned, driven by its resort properties as well as having all properties open for the entire first quarter of 2022. The company posted net income of $15 million versus a net loss of $43 million in Q1 21. Let me unpack the results a bit further. GAAP operating revenue before reimbursables was $123 million, up from $39 million last year. Given the requirements of joint venture accounting, however, much of the companys business is not captured in its GAAP revenues. Factoring in its pro rata revenues from its joint venture properties, including all the properties at the Universal Orlando Resort, Loews Hotels revenues in Q1 were about 3x last years level. Pre-tax equity income from joint venture properties was $26 million as compared to a $12 million loss last year. Consolidated pre-tax income was $22 million, a sharp increase from last years $55 million loss. Adjusted EBITDA, which is defined and reconciled in our earnings supplement, was $68 million in the quarter, up from a $13 million loss last year. The companys 9,000 rooms in Orlando, together with the Loews Miami Beach Hotel, continued to be the major earnings contributors and the primary drivers of the year-over-year increase. I would highlight, as Jim did, that Q1 22 represents the all-time high for first quarter adjusted EBITDA, surpassing the $61 million earned in 2019. Turning to the Corporate segment. The parent companys investment portfolio generated a net pre-tax loss of $16 million compared to income of $46 million last year. Like at CNA, negative returns on equity securities caused this years loss. The remainder of the Corporate sector generated a $36 million after-tax loss in the quarter versus last years $96 million loss. Last years results included two non-recurring charges related to Altium Packaging, a debt extinguishment charge in connection with Altiums recapitalization and a deferred tax liability resulting from the then-pending sale of a 47% stake in Altium. A few words about the parent company. The parent company portfolio of cash and investments stood at $3.8 billion at quarter end, with over 80% in cash and short-term investments. During the quarter, we received $584 million in dividends from CNA, including the $0.40 per share regular quarterly dividend and the $2 per share special dividend. As Jim mentioned, we spent about $129 million repurchasing 2.15 million shares of our common stock at an average price of just over $60 per share. Our repurchase after quarter end was modest at just under 300,000 shares. Before I turn the call back to Mary, let me thank all of you for your interest in Loews and for your questions and suggestions over the years. It has been a privilege to spend the past 17 years at Loews, serving as CFO since 2014. I am thrilled to be able to hand the baton to Jane, who joined the company 16 years ago and is more than ready to take on this role. And with that, I will return the call to Mary.
A - Mary Skafidas: Thank you so much, David. We are now going to move on to the Q&A portion of the call. We have a number of questions from shareholders. Our first question is for Jim. Jim, how should we think about the future of natural gas in light of the war in the Ukraine?
Jim Tisch: So, let me start by saying that I am horrified by the images that I see on the news. I hope and pray that sanity and peace can be restored, but the cost in terms of human lives is already way too high. Because of Europes dependence on Russian hydrocarbons, energy has become a focus of many discussions surrounding this conflict. I believe the war in Ukraine has made it clear that we should be encouraging drilling for natural gas along with LNG export development in the United States. We want to be able to supply LNG to Europe and other countries and the world who previously were supplied by Russia. We are fortunate that natural gas is a very abundant resource in the United States and we have more than enough to maintain our energy independence and still be able to safely export large volumes to those who need it. The companies that make the significant investments for LNG facilities will need long-term contracts from Europeans and others in order to make this happen. Looking at the broader picture, I also want to discuss the transition to renewable energy in the U.S. and the world. The increased use of natural gas has meaningfully reduced greenhouse gas emissions worldwide. Globally, natural gas has an important role to play in reducing emissions through the displacement of coal and as a backup to renewable energy by providing reliable power for times when the sun doesnt shine and the wind doesnt blow. In the United States, CO2 emissions from power generation are down by 40% over the last 20 years as power plants have switched from coal to natural gas. As the U.S. develops reasonably-priced natural gas exports, we can help wean the world off of coal. Currently, global demand for natural gas is driven by China and India, where coal still accounts for more than 60% of their power generation. Energy transition targets in those countries will likely accelerate natural gas demand to replace coal usage. In the coming decades, the need for electricity will increase because of the electrification of automobiles and heating. Gas power generation will be needed because the wind and solar resources are intermittent, and current battery technology is unlikely to fill the gap. Gas power generation is reliable, dispatchable and natural gas can be stored safely and inexpensively. And while the world is focused on our reliance on carbon-based fuel for power generation, natural gas is also a raw material for a number of items that we rely on every day. There is no easy replacement for natural gas as a raw material. Boardwalk is well positioned to take advantage of higher demand for natural gas and growth in the LNG export market. The company continues to work to make its operations more environmentally friendly by focusing on reducing methane emissions. We believe that natural gas will continue to be an important fuel and raw material for the U.S. and the world, and forecasters predict that worldwide natural gas consumption will increase at least over the next 10 years and probably longer.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim. Next question for you, Jim. You and David covered this a little bit on the call, but can you comment further about how interest rates will affect CNAs portfolio going forward?
Jim Tisch: Sure. At the end of 21, unrealized gains for the CNA portfolio were $4.4 billion. At the end of the first quarter of 22, unrealized gains were $1 billion, primarily due to higher prevailing interest rates. Over the long term, however, higher interest rates will generally be beneficial for CNA, allowing the company to invest its cash flow at higher rates than it previously could. On average, CNA invests between $300 million and $400 million a month in its fixed income portfolio, so higher interest rates will improve that portfolios return over time. Also, the increase in the general level of interest rates has been very beneficial for CNAs long-term care book of business. In the current environment, CNA has been able to invest at rates significantly higher than was previously possible. Additionally, until now, the long-term care book of businesses operated at the lower end of its targeted duration. With the current increase in rates above its targeted rate, CNA is now buying long-term securities at yields that previously it could only hope for and has begun the process of lengthening the duration of the long-term care portfolio.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim. Last question. Jim, for the past several quarters, you have ended our earnings conference calls with your views on inflation and interest rates. Could you please update us on these topics?
Jim Tisch: Sure can. First of all, kudos to Jay Powell for finally recognizing the seriousness of the inflation problem. Some may argue whether the next Fed funds rate increase should be 25 basis points, 50 basis points or even 75 basis points, but Powell has stayed out 50 basis points. And to me, it seems perfectly reasonable in the context of more rate increases in the near future as needed. The age of yield curve intervention has ended. Since 2008, the Fed has basically controlled not only the short end of the yield curve, but also the entire maturity spectrum in the fixed income markets. How did we get here, in 2008, I believe the Fed acted appropriately when it intervened in a time of financial emergency. However, the intervention went on for way too long. The Feds control of the yield curve by means of quantitative easing squelched any signals that the markets might have sent through price moves in fixed income securities. In other words, the Fed was implicitly saying that their judgments on the shape of the yield curve were better and wiser than the markets. As we now see, that strategy has had disastrous results with regard to todays level of inflation. We are left with the highest level of inflation in 40 years, brought about by zero-cost money, loose, loose, loose fiscal policy and COVID, all of which caused the inflation genie to come gushing out of the bottle. And unfortunately, the Fed kept the proverbial punchbowl out for so long that there are no easy solutions to the inflation problem that the Fed is currently trying to fix. The market now is in the beginning stages of a big adjustment as investors, and not the Fed, determine term interest rates. Lots of people have guesses, but no one knows where the yield curve will ultimately settle out in the coming months and years. As a result of the high inflation and the Fed no longer controlling the yield curve, the Fed put, which basically guaranteed that the stock market would not decline by unacceptable amounts, is now gone. That put was ushered in by Alan Greenspan and was a great comfort to equity markets for multiple decades. Also washed away in this inflation tsunami is modern monetary theory. MMT was the notion that the U.S. government could spend unlimited amounts of money with no negative repercussions. After the past 2 years, we have seen that, that pipe dream was exactly that, a pipe dream. Now we have seen that there is a limited amount to how much the government debt can be issued and subsequently purchased by the Central Bank. The long and short of the past year in the fixed income markets is that the signals that come from a free market should not be stifled. The Fed imposing its judgment in the place of the markets judgment, while sometimes necessary in a moment of crisis, is fraught with enormous danger as a long-term policy. This is a lesson that I hope future Fed chairs will remember.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim. And that concludes the Loews call for today. As always, thank you for your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at mskafidas@loews.com. A replay of this call will be available on our site, loews.com, in approximately two hours. Thanks so much. You may now all disconnect.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays event. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Loews Corporation Q4 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this call maybe recorded and I will be standing by should you need any assistance. It is now my pleasure to turn todays call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Ashley, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Loews call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On this call -- on the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session with questions from shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings in earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim, over to you.
James Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Loews had a strong fourth quarter and year with our consolidated subsidiaries making good progress in 2021. What's more, these positive results were achieved in a period marred by the persistence of the COVID-19 pandemic, global supply chain disruptions and the return of inflation. More on inflation later in the Q&A. Before we talk about the financial performance of our subsidiaries, I'd like to provide an update concerning the ongoing Boardwalk litigation. Many shareholders are familiar with the class action litigation relating to our 2018 acquisition of the minority Master Limited Partnership interest in Boardwalk Pipelines. In November, the Delaware Court of Chancery issued a decision stating that Loews' breached the Boardwalk partnership agreement, a decision with which we vehemently disagree. The same court then awarded the class of former Boardwalk unitholders approximately $690 million plus interest. Loews has appealed this ruling to the Delaware Supreme Court since we firmly believe that the Chancery Court misapplied the factual underpinnings of the case and misinterpreted the applicable law. There's a lot more I'd like to say, but on advice of counsel, I'm going to limit myself to this brief statement. Moving on to other happier topics. On today's call, I'd like to focus on the performance of CNA and Loews Hotels. CNA continues to be a success story for Loews, producing record core income of $1.1 billion for the year and no small part due to the company's laser-like focus on underwriting. CNA's underlying combined ratio decreased by 1.7 points in 2021, driven by the expense ratio. The underlying loss ratio for the year was flat at about 60%. Needless to say, we're pleased with CNA's operational progress. In 2021, CNA benefited from the rate increases resulting in significant premium growth. The company's P&C gross written premiums increased approximately 10% and net written premiums increased about 5%. As I've mentioned before, the increase in net written premiums is lower than the increase in gross written premiums due to additional reinsurance that the company purchased in its strategy to protect the insurance portfolio from large loss events. Rate increased more than 9% overall for the year, which is a solid increase. As CNA mentioned on their call earlier today, they expect rate to stay ahead of loss cost trends in 2022. CNA's pretax investment income was up from the prior year due to limited partnerships in common stocks, which increased $258 million. On average, CNA reinvest between $300 million and $400 million a month into its fixed income portfolio. So higher interest rates would improve the portfolio's yield over time. Additionally, CNA announced a special dividend of $2 per CNA share, up from $0.75 per share in 2021. As a reminder, from 2015 through 2020, CNA paid a $2 special dividend. In 2021, however, the Board reduced the dividend because CNA's earnings were lower due to the effects of the pandemic and other catastrophes. The return of the $2 special dividend is reflective of CNA's strong earnings performance as well as its financial strength and fortress balance sheet. The company also announced a common dividend of $0.40 per share. These dividends represent the payment of $584 million to Loews in the first quarter of this year. At Loews Hotels, what a difference a year makes. The company reported adjusted EBITDA of $135 million for 2021, a significant turnaround from the adjusted EBITDA loss of $103 million posted in 2020. Those hotels continue to rebound from the impact of COVID-19 with all hotel properties up and running by the end of the second quarter of 2021. We believe the hotel company will continue to recover from the effects of the pandemic, even though it may be some time before it sees pre-pandemic levels of occupancy. Loews Hotels has continued to see increased demand for leisure travel as well as improving interest for group travel. For the fourth quarter, owned and joint venture hotels had approximately a 70% occupancy rate, largely in line with the third quarter. However, over that same period, the average daily room rate increased by more than 6%. The company's resort hotels continue to do considerably better than its urban properties. And happily, nearly 2/3 of Loews Hotels' rooms are in resort destinations. Loews Hotels' distinctive position as an owner and an operator has also played a part in the company's recovery. To illustrate this point, since the beginning of 2019, a year in which the company earned adjusted EBITDA of $227 million, Loews Hotels has added about 3,700 rooms to its system. However, the pandemic has prevented the company from realizing the full earnings potential of these new rooms, the majority of which are in destinations with built-in demand generators like Orlando. As the pandemic wanes and Loews Hotels continues to grow, its unique role as an owner and operator should continue to accelerate the recovery that the company has already begun to experience. Before I turn the call over to David, I want to mention share repurchases. In 2021, the company repurchased just over 21 million shares of our common stock for about $1.1 billion, which represents almost 8% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. Each year for the last 4 years, we have spent approximately $1 billion on share repurchases. Over the last 4 years, we have decreased our shares outstanding by 25%. We feel that share repurchases are a great use of the company's capital aimed at creating value over the medium to long-term for our shareholders. As long as our shares trade below our view of their intrinsic value, we will continue to buy them in. And with that, let me turn the call over to David.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, we reported fourth quarter net income of $343 million or $1.37 per share compared to $397 million or $1.45 per share in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, we reported net income of $1.58 billion or $6.07 per share, while in 2020, we posted a net loss of $931 million or $3.32 per share. I will briefly review our fourth quarter results and then turn to the full year. The year-over-year decline in our fourth quarter net income obscured impressive operating improvements at CNA and Boardwalk Pipelines as well as a continued rebound at Loews Hotels. Underwriting results in CNA's core P&C business were outstanding. CNA's pretax underwriting gain rose 13% on the back of an 8% increase in net earned premium and a 50 basis point year-over-year improvement in the combined ratio to 92.9%. The underlying combined ratio, which excludes catastrophe losses and prior year development, improved 1.4 points to 91.2% in this year's fourth quarter. CNA's consolidated net investment income was basically flat compared to the prior year quarter. By segment, it was higher in Life & Group and lower in P&C and Corporate. The decline in CNA's year-over-year contribution to our net income was mainly due to lower net investment gains as well as to the Life & Group and Corporate segments. Investment gains were significant in last year's Q4, driven mainly by the mark-to-market on CNA's holdings of nonredeemable preferred stock. Gains were de minimis this year. In the Life & Group segment, the long-term care block experienced slightly adverse morbidity trends this year after experiencing favorable morbidity last year. And in the Corporate segment, aside from the previously mentioned drop in net investment income, two other factors contributed to the year-over-year decline, a higher noneconomic charge relating to CNA's loss portfolio transfer with National Indemnity and unfavorable net prior year development on legacy master exposures. The bottom line is that CNA had another strong quarter in its core P&C underwriting business with all its segments, Specialty, Commercial and International, reporting strong premium growth and improved year-over-year underlying combined ratios. Boardwalk Pipeline's net income contribution declined from $83 million in last year's fourth quarter to $65 million. Last year's Q4 results included $26 million after tax of settlement proceeds related to a customer bankruptcy. Absent this nonrecurring item, Boardwalk's net income contribution increased year-over-year driven by revenue from growth projects recently placed in service and higher system utilization. Loews Hotels continued its strong rebound, posting net income of $37 million versus a net loss of $68 million in Q4 2020. Please note, however, that net income in the quarter benefited by $26 million from the acceleration of government grant payments used to retire outstanding debt prior to maturity for a recent development project. Loews Hotels adjusted EBITDA, which excludes unusual items and is defined in our earnings supplement, was $64 million in Q4, up markedly from a $27 million loss in Q4 2020. As you can see on Page 11 of our earnings supplement, occupancy was about double last year's fourth quarter and essentially flat with the third quarter. Average daily rate rose 24% over last year's fourth quarter. And with all hotel properties fully opened during the quarter, available rooms were 44% higher than Q4 2020. Before turning to the full year, one last observation on the quarterly comparison. The parent company investment portfolio generated less income in the fourth quarter than in the prior year period, driven by lower returns on our holdings of equities and limited partnership investments. For full year '21, we reported net income of $1.58 billion, a sharp rebound from last year's net loss of $931 million. Excluding the second quarter gain on the deconsolidation of Altium Packaging, our net income for 2021 was $1.14 billion. CNA and Boardwalk posted strong operating results and Loews Hotels experienced a dramatic rebound from 2020's dismal pandemic-induced results. CNA contributed almost $1.1 billion to our 2021 net income. The core P&C business experienced strong earned premium growth and a combined ratio of 96.2%, almost 4 points better than the prior year. The decline in the combined ratio was driven by a 1.5-point improvement in the expense ratio and lower catastrophe losses. The underlying combined ratio improved 1.7 points to 91.4%. CNA's net investment income was buoyed by strong returns on limited partnership and common stock investments. Both the P&C and Life & Group segments benefited from these strong returns. Net investment gains also contributed to the year-over-year increase in CNA's net income. The company swung from losses last year to after-tax gains of almost $100 million this year. The Life & Group segment benefited from good underlying results and an uplift in net investment income driven by LP investments. Additionally, for the year, the segment experienced a $38 million pretax net reserve release versus pretax net reserve charges of $83 million in the prior year. Reserve actions in both years related mostly to the company's long-term care book of business. CNA's corporate segment showed a year-over-year earnings decline due to several factors, including lower net investment income, a larger noneconomic charge related to CNA's loss portfolio transfer with National Indemnity and higher unfavorable net prior year development on legacy master exposures. CNA ended the year with total assets of $67 billion, a $50 billion investment portfolio, stockholders' equity of $12.8 billion and book value per share of $47.20. CNA's balance sheet remains rock solid. Its decision to pay a $2 special dividend and raised its regular quarterly dividend by 5% is further evidence of CNA's confidence in its financial position. Boardwalk Pipelines contributed $235 million to our '21 net income, up from $206 million in 2020. Excluding the $26 million customer bankruptcy settlement proceeds received last year, Boardwalk's net income contribution increased $55 million year-over-year. Boardwalk's EBITDA, which is defined in our earnings supplement, was $843 million in 2021 versus $785 million last year, excluding the settlement proceeds. Boardwalk's year-over-year earnings improvement, excluding the settlement proceeds, was driven by a 6-plus percent increase in net operating revenues against a 4% increase in operating expenses including depreciation and amortization. A reduction in interest expense offset higher depreciation and amortization from growth projects recently placed into service. Turning to Loews Hotels and its dramatic improvement over 2020. Loews Hotels contributed a pretax loss of $12 million versus a $274 million loss in 2020. Both periods included nonrecurring items, such as impairments, gains on sale and the previously mentioned acceleration of a government grant. Stripping these out, Loews Hotels' pretax loss declined from $261 million in 2020 to a loss of $44 million in '21. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes all these nonrecurring items, swung from a loss of $103 million in 2020 to earnings of $135 million in 2021. All properties contributed to this dramatic increase with the Universal Orlando Resort leading the charge. Loews Hotels business strengthened as the year progressed as measured by occupancy, average daily rate, RevPAR and, of course, adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA was negative $13 million in Q1, followed by $25 million in Q2, $59 million in Q3 and $64 million this past quarter. Turning now to our Corporate segment. Let me unpack the numbers for you. Net investment income increased year-over-year, driven by higher returns on equities and limited partnership investments. Corporate expenses were flat year-over-year with higher interest expense, offset by lower other corporate expenses. Corporate also includes the operating results of Altium, which were consolidated through Q1 '21 and then, once deconsolidated, have been accounted for under the equity method. Certain nonrecurring items related to the 2021 recapitalization of Altium and the sale of a 47% stake are booked in Corporate as well. Finally, Corporate includes two large unusual items. In 2021, a $438 million after-tax gain on the deconsolidation of Altium Packaging, following our sale of a 47% stake and in 2020, a $957 million after-tax loss on the deconsolidation of Diamond Offshore precipitated by its bankruptcy filing. Our 2020 consolidated results also include a $476 million net operating loss attributable to Diamond Offshore, which represented our share of Diamond results up to the deconsolidation date. Excluding Diamond's impact on 2020 and the Altium gain in '21, our net income more than doubled from $502 million last year to $1.14 billion in 2021. Now for the parent company. The parent company portfolio of cash and investments stood at $3.45 billion at year-end, with about 77% in cash and equivalents. During the fourth quarter, we received $194 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $92 million from CNA and $102 million from Boardwalk, which represented Boardwalk's only dividend to Loews in 2021. For the full year, we received dividends of $550 million from CNA and $102 million from Boardwalk and a $199 million dividend from Altium as part of its recapitalization. We also received net pretax proceeds of $411 million upon the sale of a 47% stake in Altium. Based on today's CNA dividend declarations, Loews will receive a total of $584 million in special and regular dividends from CNA this quarter. Weve repurchased 5.4 million shares in the fourth quarter for $306 million and 21 million shares during all of '21 for $1.13 billion. Since year-end, our share repurchase activity has been negligible. I will now hand the call back to Mary. Thank you.
A - Mary Skafidas : Great. Thank you, David. We are going to move on to the Q&A portion of the call. We have a number of questions from shareholders. The first question is for Jim. Jim, can you please give us more color on your view of share repurchases?
James Tisch: I sure can. Loews a long-established policy of share repurchases represents a key element of our capital allocation strategy. In 2021, we bought back 21.1 million shares of Loews common stock for a total of $1.1 billion, which was the equivalent of almost 8% of the shares outstanding at the start of the year. During the 10-year period for January of 2012 through December of 2021, Loews has spent $6.8 billion on repurchases, retiring about 37% of our common shares outstanding at the beginning of 2012. Stated another way, 10 years ago, we had about 60% more shares outstanding than we do today. In certain political circle, share buybacks have come under fire, especially over the last few months. It is our strong belief that restricting the company's ability to repurchase their shares would be detrimental to all investors. Stock repurchases benefit investors, promote efficient capital allocation and significantly reduce volatility in the market. The market stabilization, the results from allowing companies to buy back their shares benefits all shareholders, including retail investors. Capital that flows to shareholders from these repurchases may be reinvested, not just in S&P 500 companies, but rather in companies of all shapes and sizes. We believe actions that limit or restrict allocation of capital, either through regulation or by tax will have a negative effect on stock market valuations.
Mary Skafidas : Thank you, Jim. Next question has to do with Boardwalk. Over the past several years, there has been an increased focus on the importance of reducing methane emissions, both by regulators and by the public. Can you please share with us what Boardwalk has done to reduce their emissions?
James Tisch: Sure. Boardwalk is focused on reducing methane emissions from its natural gas pipeline system, not only because it's the right thing to do for the environment, but also because we believe it's the right thing to do for Boardwalk's business. Boardwalk has been focused on meeting and in certain cases, exceeding regulatory obligations by reducing emissions from its pipeline and storage assets. In 2020, Boardwalk achieved about a 30% year-over-year reduction in methane emissions at certain key sites. Boardwalk is also an active member of a coalition whose goal is to lower methane emissions by 2025 to less than 1% of total natural gas produced nationwide. Boardwalk uses a number of strategies to reduce their methane emissions. These strategies include replacing older compression equipment as appropriate with low-emission -- low-emission fuel-efficient units, modifying older fuel systems as necessary on certain reciprocating compression equipment to lower fuel consumption and emissions, and conducting emission surveys and performing maintenance and repairs on identified component leaks. Reducing methane emissions is and will remain a priority for Boardwalk.
Mary Skafidas : Great. Thank you, Jim. The next question has to do with how Loews computes the value with non-publicly traded assets, specifically for its hotel business and its interest in Altium?
James Tisch: So we look at a number of factors when determining intrinsic value, including industry outlook, our subsidiary's growth potential, operational efficiency and management. When evaluating the industry outlook, we consider cyclical opportunities and risks, potential for technological disruption and how the subsidiary is positioned compared to its peers. When looking at growth potential, we evaluate both organic and inorganic growth opportunities. And consider whether or not the subsidiary can self-fund those opportunities. In terms of operational efficiency, we analyze potential opportunities for improvements and the role of technology in driving efficiency. Our assessment of the die of our subsidiaries is not static, but rather is adjusted as markets and circumstances change. Each subsidiary have metrics that are specific to this industry. For example, one important metric for Loews Hotels is adjusted EBITDA, which we believe is more meaningful to the lodging industry than net income. Keep in mind, however, that in the last full year of non-pandemic affected operations for our hotels in 2019. Since then, Loews Hotels has added about 3,700 rooms and the full earnings potential of these rooms have yet to be realized. We believe that in 2022, Loews hotels will continue to recover from the effects of the pandemic, but it's still uncertain when occupancy rates will return to pre-pandemic levels. In terms of Altium Packaging, we don't make a lot of information public. Instead, we report Altium as part of the Corporate segment. Altium does not have a material impact on Loews, not only due to the size of the company, but also as a result of our reduced stake since the sale of 47% of this subsidiary. However, we continue to believe in the long-term growth potential of the business.
Mary Skafidas : Great. Thank you, Jim. Next question, some of our shareholders are starting to call the desert of our earnings call, which has to do with inflation. So Jim, for the past three quarters, you have ended our earnings conference call with your views on inflation interest rate. Can you please update us on these topics?
James Tisch: Mary, I'd be delighted to give you my rant. First, let me recap my comments over the last year. On the earnings call for the first quarter of 2021, I spoke about the nascent cost push and demand pull inflation that was going to be brought about by the easy monetary policy and big deficit spending. For the second quarter, I spoke about the cycle of inflation that was developing along with growing labor shortages. On the third quarter call, I spoke about the wage price spiral and how interest rates were too damn low. At the time, the inflation rate was 5.4%, and that said, still have their head in the sand with respect to the almost 0% Fed funds rate and their monthly $120 billion purchase of federal and mortgage securities. So here we are on the fourth quarter call and the Fed has finally woken up to the problem that they should have foreseen a year ago. The problem now is that the Fed is taking its sweet time putting in place their action plan to deal with the sky rocketing inflation and the overheating economy. Instead of doing something about the 7% year-over-year increase in the CPI, the Fed is only talking about it. And the Fed has led the market to perceive that they will raise Fed funds rates four times in the course of this year. That's 100 basis points this year, meaning that at this pace, it will take them seven years to get Fed funds to the current level of inflation. While I don't think that inflation will stay at the 7% level, I do believe that with our quicker and more decisive action by the Fed, it will be seen that they are fighting a forest fire with a water pistol. As long as interest rates are below the inflation rate, the proverbial punch bowl is still there for all market participants to grab a drink. I understand that the Fed doesn't want to cause a panic and that they have to be careful about what they say. But still, there's something to be said for acknowledging the scope of problem and beginning the process of interest rate normalization. For example, the Fed is still executing its policy of quantitative easing by purchasing government and mortgage securities. As they say, when you're in a hole, the first thing to do is to stop digging. The Fed is still digging. The good news is that it seems that additional fiscal stimulus is off the table, at least for the time being. The last thing about this overheating economy and the Fed needs is more federal government deficit spending. Hopefully, fiscal stimulus will stay off the table. As it stands now, federal spending will be down this year compared to last year. But much of the federal money that was allocated last year is just now beginning to be spent. State coffers are now overflowing with a federal largest, which will be spent over the coming quarters. And the consumer is still flushed with liquidity from their savings being over the past two years. So I'm not worried about the economy slowing down due to a lack of real final demand. For 2022, I foresee an economy that will continue growing with short-term interest rates that will begin their slow rise as the quarterly 25 basis point increases in Fed funds start to accumulate. Inflation will continue to be a major issue as we will still have the dual problems of cost push and demand pull inflation. My guess is that unless the Fed moves quicker, we can expect inflation to stay at elevated levels for this year and likely next. As for fixed income securities, my view is that even though the government 10-year notes are up 80 basis points in yield in the past year, they are still more than 500 basis points below the year-over-year CPI increase. And there are 120 basis points below where they were as little as three years ago when inflation was 2%. There's lots more room for the 10-year notes to go up in yield, and my guess is that the longer it is seen that the Fed isn't serious about controlling inflation, the higher the ultimate peak in 10-year notes will be. In forecasting out a year, I wouldn't be surprised to see 10-year notes yielding between 2.5% and 3% at the end of this year. So that's it from our economic ramping forecast, Stay tuned next quarter for another quarterly economic update.
Mary Skafidas: Great. That concludes the Loews call for today. As always, thank you, Jim. Thank you, David, and thanks to all of you for your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at mskafidas@loews.com. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. You may now disconnect.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to todays Loews Corporation Q3 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please note the call maybe recorded and I will be standing by should you need any assistance. It is now my pleasure to turn todays call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Ashley and good morning, everyone and welcome to Loews Corporation's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our Earnings Release, Earnings Supplement, and Company Overview may be found on our website loews.com. Also posted on the Home Page of the Loews website is the companys 2021 Virtual Investor Day Presentations from Loews and CNA. The Loews presentation narrated by James Tisch the companys CEO focusses on strategic capital allocation. CNA's strategic discussion is hosted by its CEO, Dino Robusto and its Interim CFO, Larry Haefner. We invite you each to access these presentations. We look forward to your feedback and hope you find the presentations informative. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, James Tisch, and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session with questions from our shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the Company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they're made. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the Company's statutory Forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the Company's filing with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings in earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim, over to you.
James Tisch: Thank you Mary and good morning. Before we review the quarter I want to acknowledge someone who has been instrumental to Loews success. Andrew Tisch has decided to step away from his Executive responsibilities at Loews Corporation at the end of December. I could not have asked for a better partner than Andy who has served Loews with complete dedication for the last 50 years. During his tenure he has successfully led a number of our subsidiaries and functional areas while also fostering open communication, collaboration, and respect throughout the organization. We are all fortunate to have been the beneficiaries of his wisdom and expertise and we are grateful that he will continue to serve as Co-Chairman of the Loews Board and as a member of the CNA Board. Turning to earnings, Loews had another strong quarter across the board with good performance from each of our consolidated subsidiaries. CNA continues to be a success story for Loews. The companys underlying combined ratio decreased by 1.5 points driven by the expense ratio which was 30.7% compared to 31.8% in the prior year quarter. The underlying loss ratio was also lower at 60.2% compared to 60.5% in the prior year. CNA's P&C gross written premiums increased by 10% and net written premiums increased by 5%. Note that the increase in net written premiums is lower than for gross written premiums due to additional reinsurance that the company has purchased in its strategy to protect the insurance portfolio from large loss events. The value of this incremental protection was fully on display this past quarter with the mitigated losses CNA reported on Hurricane Ida. CNA had pretax investment income of $513 million pretty much flat with the prior year's quarter. Limited partnerships had a great quarter and the fixed income portfolio continues to provide consistent earnings even with headwinds from the historically low interest rate environment. We continue to be very pleased with CNA's results. In other news Loews Hotels made an exciting announcement in early October. The company broke ground on the Loews Arlington Hotel and Convention Center, a new project in the tried and true entertainment hub of Arlington, Texas which sits between Dallas and Fort Worth. When it opens in the early 2024, the hotel will have 888 rooms and over 250,000 square feet of meeting and event space. For those not schooled in the hotel industry, that's a whole lot of rooms and a whole lot of meeting space. Once again Loews Hotels is acting both as the owner and the operator of this project. Industry dynamics generally do not allow for companies in the hotel space to perform this double role and as a result Loews Hotels is a leader within this niche of the market. Playing to these strengths has served Loews Hotels well and we believe it will continue to do so. This will be Lowes Hotels second property in Arlington, following in the strong footsteps of Live by Loews which has had a successful opening in 2019 and whose occupancy rate has generally remained strong throughout the pandemic, a testament to this market's resilience and the team's focus. The new hotel is consistent with Loews Hotels growth strategy which is built on two pillars, the first pillar is owning and operating hotels associated with immersive destinations. Loews Hotels two decades long partnership with Universal Orlando is a great example of the strength of this pillar. Our hotels in Arlington will also clearly benefit from built in demand drivers since our guests will have access to all the sports and entertainment destinations close to the hotels, including the Dallas Cowboys AT&T Stadium and the Texas Rangers Globe Life Field. The second pillar of Loews Hotels growth strategy is the companys focus on owning and operating hotels with 300 plus keys that have strong group business and ample meeting space. Loews Hotels has a well-earned reputation for successfully operating hotels that cater to this type of business. The two Arlington hotels combined will offer nearly 1200 guestrooms and more than 300,000 square feet of meeting and event space and these properties offer unique local experiences and are equally attractive to leisure and good customers. Loews Hotels has continued to see strong demand for leisure travel and improving interest for group travel. For the third quarter, the occupancy rate for owned and joint venture hotels was almost 72% as opposed to about 35% in the first quarter of this year. Our resort hotels continued to do considerably better than our properties in urban settings and about 60% of Loews Hotels rooms are in resort destinations. As the U.S. economy and the hotel industry continue their recovery, we are confident that Loews Hotels will once again be a growth engine for Loews Corp. Next I want to talk about Boardwalk. The demand for natural gas is increasing and Boardwalk is well positioned to take advantage of this change. We see the increased demand coming from both increased domestic consumption and from international markets via LNG exports. Boardwalk transports natural gas under fixed fee, take or pay contracts with mostly investment grade customers which limits its commodity and volumetric risk. The company currently has $9 billion of revenue backlog with a weighted average contract life of seven years. As the transition towards clean energy unfolds, we believe that gas will continue to be an important fuel used the world over. Finally let me update you briefly on share repurchases. From July 1st through last Friday we repurchased 6.2 million shares of Loews common stock for just over $337 million. Year-to-date we've bought back 15.7 million shares for $830 million which is 5.85% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. As I've often said, we believe that Loews still trades at a significant discount through our review of its intrinsic value but we will continue to let our share repurchase activity speak for itself. And with that let me hand the call over to David.
David Edelson: Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. For the third quarter Loews reported net income of 220 million or $0.85 per share compared to net income of 139 million or $0.50 per share in last year's third quarter. Let me describe the quarter in a net shell before getting into more detail. CNA's performance was driven by strong property casualty underwriting income before catastrophe losses, healthy net investment income, and a net reserve release in the life and group segment. These positives were partially offset by significant weather related catastrophe losses. Boardwalks operating results benefited from strong transportation revenues generated by its growth projects and increased utilization throughout its system. And Loews Hotels continued to emerge from the COVID induced downturn with its resort properties especially those in Florida leading the charge. Loews Hotels generated positive net income for the first time since the fourth quarter of 2019. Let me know dig more deeply into the third quarter and the year-over-year comparison. All three of our consolidated subsidiaries CNA, Boardwalk, Loews Hotels recorded materially higher year-over-year net income contributions with CNA leading the charge. CNA held its earnings call earlier this morning. I would encourage you to review the transcript for more details. In the meantime, let me provide a few highlights. CNA contributed net income of 229 million up from 192 million in Q3 2020. The main drivers of the year-over-year increase were higher property casualty underwriting income before cat losses and the absence of three charges that occurred last year, two of which were in the life and group segment. A charge from the unlocking of the long-term care active life reserve, a charge from strengthening the structured settlement claim reserve, and a less significant charge from the early retirement of debt. Conversely higher catastrophe losses than in last year's third quarter detracted from the year-over-year comparative results. Focusing on property casualty underwriting income. The combination of a 6% increase in net earned premium and a 1.5 point improvement in the underlying combined ratio led to a 27% increase in CNA's underlying underwriting gain which excludes cat losses and prior year development. Net cat losses in the quarter were 178 million pretax including 114 million for Hurricane Ida. Last year's Q3 cat losses were modestly lower at 160 million pretax driven by three Southeast hurricanes and the Midwest [indiscernible]. CNA's expense ratio was just a few years ago hovered in the mid-30s, came in below 31% down from 31.8% in Q3 2020 and 31.6% last quarter. This is the lowest expense ratio posted by CNA in about 13 years. CNA's consolidated after tax net investment income was essentially flat year-over-year as returns on limited partnership and common stock investments were robust in both periods. CNA conducts its annual reserve reviews for its life and group segment in the third quarter. Last year, the company booked a net reserve charge of 83 million pretax for its long-term care and structured settlement books of business. This year the comparable number was in net reserve release of 38 million pretax as CNA had no change in its long-term care active life reserve of 40 million pretax release from its long term care claims reserve and a deminimus charge related to structured settlements. We consider this favorable outcome a further indication of CNA's enhanced insight into and prudent reserving around the long-term care business. CNA ended the quarter with total assets of 66.5 billion, shareholders equity of 12.7 billion, and consolidated statutory surplus of approximately 11.1 billion. Turning to Boardwalk. Boardwalk contributed net income of 38 million up from 20 million in Q3 2020. The main driver of the year-over-year increase was higher natural gas transportation revenue, driven like last quarter by growth projects recently placed in service and higher system utilization. Boardwalks EBITDA which is shown and defined in our quarterly earnings supplement was 186 million in the quarter and 635 million year-to-date. Through nine months, natural gas transportation throughput increased by more than 11% year-over-year across the system. Turning to Loews Hotels. Loews Hotels contributed net income of 13 million, a dramatic improvement from the 47 million net loss posted in Q3 2020. Adjusted EBITDA which is defined in our earnings supplement and excludes non-recurring items rebounded from a 38 million loss last year to a positive 59 million in Q3 2021 close to a $100 million swing. The year-over-year improvement was driven by dramatic revenue increase as all properties including all 9000 rounds at the Universal Orlando Resort were open for the full quarter. This was the first time all 9000 rooms in Orlando were open for a full quarter. On page 11 of our quarterly earnings supplement there's a good snapshot of Loews Hotels year-over-year and sequential operational improvement which highlights the drivers of the company's revenue increases during this COVID period. With more available rooms, higher occupancy, and healthy average daily rates revenues have climbed markedly since the depths of the pandemic. We have invested 32 million in Loews Hotels year-to-date all in the first quarter. Given the companys stronger than expected cash flow, the parent company does not expect to invest any further cash in Loews Hotels during the remainder of this year. Turning to the corporate segment. The parent company's investment portfolio generated a pretax net investment loss of 30 million as compared to income of 23 million last year, the loss stemmed from the performance of the equity portfolio. The parent company portfolio of cash and investments stood at 3.6 billion at quarter-end with about 80% in cash and equivalents. During the quarter as Jim mentioned, we repurchased 6.2 million shares of our common stock for 333 million and we received about 92 million in dividends from CNA. After quarter-end we spent less than 5 million repurchasing our stock. As of last Friday there were under 254 million shares of Loews common stock outstanding down about 6% since the beginning of the year and about 25% over the past five years. Loews continues to be characterized by strong cash flow into the parent company and an extremely liquid balance sheet with cash and investments far exceeding current company debt. I will now hand the call back to Jim. Jim.
James Tisch: Thank you David. Before we go to the Q&A, we announced this morning that David will be stepping down as CFO in May of 2022 and will be succeeded by Loews veteran Jane Wang who is a subsidiary liaison and Corporate Development Executive. We've got plenty more time with David as CFO so more about him and Jane at a later date. And now Mary back to you.
A - Mary Skafidas: Thanks Jim. Moving to the Q&A portion of the call we have a number of questions from shareholders. The first one is to you Jim, what do you believe will be the role of natural gas in the transition to clean energy?
James Tisch: As I think about the transition to renewable energy in the U.S. and also in the world, it's my strong belief that we will not be able to snap our metaphorical fingers and get it done overnight. 70% of energy consumed in the U.S. is from oil and natural gas and the notion that we can replace that amount of energy with renewables in just a few short years is in my opinion a pipe dream. I believe this transition will be measured in decades. I'm not alone in my belief that over the next several years demand for natural gas will increase both domestically and also internationally. Most forecasts call for natural gas production in the United States to increase over the next three decades by anywhere from 15% to 40%. Natural gas is an important energy source that has meaningfully reduced greenhouse gas emissions. In the U.S. CO2 emissions from power generation are down 40% over the last 20 years as power plants switched from coal to natural gas. Energy production needs to be low cost, reliable, and green. We need to approach the energy transition in a rational and balanced way and natural gas is playing an important role in the clean, low cost reliable option. Currently global demand growth for natural gas is driven by China and India where coal still accounts for more than 60% of their power generation. Energy transition targets in those countries will likely accelerate natural gas demand to replace coal usage. U.S. LNG is well positioned to meet that demand. In the U.S. natural gas has an important role to play in reducing emissions through the displacement of coal and as a backup to renewable energy by providing reliable power for times when the sun doesn't shine and the wind doesn't blow. In the coming decades the need for electricity will increase because of the electrification of automobiles. Gas powered generation will be needed because wind and solar resources are intermittent. As I said, the wind doesnt always blow and the sun doesn't always shine and current battery technology cannot provide more than several hours of electrical service, thats hardly enough storage. Gas powered generation is reliable, dispatchable, and gas can be stored safely and cost effectively. And while the world is focused on our reliance on carbon based fuel for power generation, natural gas is also a raw material for a number of items that we rely on every day. There is no replacement for natural gas as a raw material. Boardwalk is well positioned to take advantage of higher industrial demand for natural gas and growth in the LNG export market. Boardwalk has also invested in making operations more environmentally friendly by reducing methane emissions. Considering the productive life of oil and natural gas wells, we as a nation are going to have to continue adding productive hydrocarbon capacity for years and years to come. We believe that natural gas will continue to be an important fuel and raw material for the U.S. and the world.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you Jim. Next question is also to you, can you please comment on the performance of CNA share price?
James Tisch: Sure. I am disappointed by CNAs share price level. At the end of 2017, CNA traded at about $53 per share whereas on Friday it traded for less than $45 per share. The stock price notwithstanding CNA today is a much stronger company than it was 3.5 years ago. Over that time CNA has meaningfully reduced its expense ratio, has made steady improvement in its underlying loss ratio, has built a deep underwriting culture, optimized distribution by expanding its broker network, and continues to attract, develop, and retain top talent. Additionally, the company maintains a robust balance sheet through its conservative capital structure and debt profile. The company has ample liquidity and what S&P refers to as AAA level of capital. Its investment portfolio has a carrying value of about $50 billion. We work with CNA to maintain a high quality portfolio with an average A credit rating. The portfolio also has consistent fixed income earnings, solid limited partnerships, and common equity returns. Of course no discussion of CNA would be complete without talking about long-term care. The company has worked tirelessly to mitigate the risk there, something I believe the stock market does not give CNA enough credit for. On their call earlier today, CNA announced the findings of their annual review of long-term care book of business, here are some of the highlights. CNA has actively managed the portfolio to reduce policy count and level of benefits while working to provide better care for their policy holders. The company closed the group book of business in 2016 so no new policies have been issued since then which has helped drive a 35% reduction in policies enforced since year-end 2015. CNA has initiated several innovative benefit reduction strategies resulting in over 60,000 policy holders electing to reduce their benefits since 2017. In conclusion and to finally answer your question, over the last 12 months CNA earned about $1.2 billion which means that CNA is trading at about 10 times net income. In the context of the S&P 500, trading at more than twice the multiple CNA seems to me to be dirt cheap.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you Jim. Next question related to Boardwalk. David, this one is for you. Can you please tell us how Boardwalk was impacted by recent hurricanes?
David Edelson: Sure Mary. The Boardwalk team did an incredible job. Many, many planning hours were dedicated to preparation and its pipelines had no major disruptions as the hurricanes swept through this year. The company is continually focused on operating as pipeline safely and reliably for its customers. Now let me also note that Boardwalk has invested in making its operations more environmentally friendly by reducing methane emissions through upgrading equipment and improving leak detection efforts. So back to you Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Okay, thank you David. Next question is for Jim. Jim, labor shortages are affecting a number of industries, are these shortages affecting any of Loews subsidiaries?
James Tisch: Yeah, so both Altium and Loews Hotels has had labor shortages. For example, at one point during the pandemic, the management teams at some of Loews Hotels properties were making beds and cleaning rooms. Luckily that situation is improving. Loews Hotels has had a 20% increase in headcount since the end of the second quarter and more than double the active headcount at the beginning of the year. Two thirds of the Loews Hotels current work force was with the company prior to the pandemic. So while onboarding team members is an ongoing effort, the company is lucky to have had so many team members remain active throughout the pandemic or return to Loew's after a leave of absence. In terms of Altium, labor continuity continues to be a challenge in some manufacturing locations. To address this challenge Altium is offering sign on retention and employee referral bonuses. They have also adjusted base wages to keep up with the market. Overall while labor shortages have impacted a few of our subsidiaries, we're seeing gradual improvement in the labor situation. And Mary, I think thats the end of our questions, so I would just like to make a few comments on what I see going on in the economy. For the past two quarters I've spoken about inflation and interest rates. Both times I spoke about how I thought we are beginning a cycle of inflation and how interest rates were much too low. And even though interest rates on 10 year notes have basically doubled in the past 12 months, those rates are still too low. Although it's been developing for several quarters, what is currently in plain view are shortages. Just take a look at what's happening to the likes of computer chips, the containers, the labor, the trucking and the shipping. There's no quick fix to any of these in the short-term. Along with shortages come higher prices which means inflation. The current CPI is a 5.4% on a trailing 12-month basis, thats the highest 12-month CPI growth rate since December of 1990, that's almost 31 years ago. When the CPI was at that level in 1990, 10-year notes yielded 8%. Today they are 1.6. The old saying applies here, when you find yourself in a hole the first thing to do is stop digging. We are still digging our hole deeper and deeper by adding monetary and fiscal stimulus to our economy. Currently there's been over $5 trillion of fiscal stimulus to the economy since the start of the pandemic. Additionally, the Fed has purchased $5 trillion of government securities in that time. And that quaint statistic called money supply has increased at an annual rate of over 20% since the start of the pandemic. Certainly for those who remember him Milton Friedman would be appalled. As a country the Fed has hooked us on an opiate called cheap money. This has been going on since the financial crisis of 2008 and 13 years later we're still hooked on it. Today Fed funds are at 7 basis points, that's in the context of 5.4% inflation. To be any more stimulative, Fed funds would have to be negative. Both the Fed and Congress have been too stimulative. The economy has responded in textbook fashion to all the stimulus, it has powered ahead. In fact, arguably it has responded too well. First we have had high inflation for the past year. But as I made clear on my prior comments, this isnt won and done for inflation. We are in a cycle of inflation where higher prices lead to higher wage demands which leads to higher costs for businesses which leads to higher prices and so the cycle continues. So what can be done, there are two things. First, the Fed needs to stop buying government securities and move interest rates higher, that means beginning the process of raising short-term interest rates so that over time interest rates will normalize. After all, even though the current level of interest rates would ordinarily indicate that the economy is on life support, we're at the polar opposite. There is strong growth in the economy. It's long past time to correct this divergence. The second thing to do is to stop the fiscal stimulus. The pandemic stimulus so far has been highly successful. The economy has been growing well for the past few quarters and the 24-month average savings rate is 14%. That's the highest level well that statistic has ever been since the series was started in 1959. Think of this high savings rate as fuel that the consumer has in their tank, the power of consumption for the next several quarters. So there's no more need for stimulus with so much accumulated savings. Additional stimulus will only exacerbate the inflationary problems that now plague us. There you have it, we have a problem with inflation and the cure has come from simple implementation of basic monetary and fiscal policies that are well known to all. The time to act is now. The longer the inflation is allowed to fester and grow, the deeper will be our problems in the future. Neither the Fed nor the administration are doing us any favors in either way. Back to you Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you Jim. That concludes the Loews call for today. As always thank you for your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at mskafidas@loews.com. A replay will be available on our website loews.com in approximately two hours.
Operator: Thank you and this does conclude todays program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Crystal (ph), and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our Earnings Release, Earnings Supplement, and Company Overview may be found on our website loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch, and Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session with questions from Shareholder s. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the Company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they're made. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the Company's statutory Forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the Company's filing with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings with earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Tisch, our CEO. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Loews had a strong quarter across the board with good performances from each of our consolidated subsidiaries. CNA led the pack with great results and Boardwalk continues to benefit from strong natural gas flows. Loews Hotels, while still recovering from the effects of the pandemic, has bounced back smartly, especially on the resort markets, and we're starting to see some pick up from group business as well. I'm going to focus my remarks today on CNA and Loews Hotels. As for CNA, the company continues to be a success story for Loews. CNA had net income of almost $370 million in the second quarter of this year, the second highest quarterly net Income recorded by the Company in the past 20 years. And more importantly, record-high core income for the quarter. The Company's underlying combined ratio decreased by almost 2 points over the prior year's quarter, driven by improvement in the expense ratio. CNA's P&C business generated gross written premium growth of 8%, driven by new business growth of 10% and rate increases of 10% for the quarter. CNA had a net investment income of $591 million pre-tax, compared to $534 million in the prior year's quarter. Limited partnerships had a great quarter, and the fixed income portfolio continues to provide consistent earnings even with headwinds from the lower interest rate environment. In other words, CNA's results were truly strong. Loews Hotels also had a success story on its end within the context of its comeback from the global pandemic that devastated the hospitality industry. It's no secret that our hotel company was the subsidiary most affected by COVID-19. That being said, over the last few months, Loews Hotels has continued to see increased demand for leisure travel and is starting to see improving interest in group travel. For the second quarter, total occupancy rates for owned and joint venture hotels were almost 58% as opposed to about 35% during the first quarter of this year. While that is a big jump, obviously, we still have ways to go before we hit pre-pandemic occupancy rates. Our resort hotels considered to -- continue to do considerably better than our properties in urban settings. All-in-all, the good news is that by the end of the second quarter, each and every one of our hotels was open for business, albeit while facing challenges filling roles at the property level. As the U.S. economy and the hotel industry continue their recovery, we firmly believe that Loews Hotels will once again be a growth engine for Loews Corp. Our confidence in the Hotel Company is a reflection of our belief not only in its management but also in its long-term growth strategy. As a reminder, that growth strategy is built on two pillars. The first pillar is the core business of Loews Hotels. Hotels with 300 plus keys that have ample meeting space. This first pillar takes advantage of Loews ' well-earned reputation for operating hotels that cater to groups. These properties are equally attractive to leisure customers and offer unique local experiences. The second pillar of hotels' growth strategy is its concentration on developing and operating hotels associated with immersive destinations. Its partnership with Universal Orlando, which spans more than two decades, is a great example of the strength of this pillar. As of the end of the second quarter, Loews Hotels had 9,000 rooms in 8 hotels on the Orlan -- Universal Orlando Resort Campus. And all of the properties were open and performing well. Loews Hotels has concentrated on adding more immersive destinations where demand for hotel rooms is strong because of the presence of a built-in demand generator, such as an adjacent sports stadium or some other attractions. One such hotel that proved to be quite resilient during the Pandemic is the Live! By Loews in Arlington, Texas, which is located a stone's throw away from 2 professional sports stadiums as well as entertainment venues that draw customers throughout the year. Another significant differentiator for Loews Hotels is its ability to be both the owner and the operator of its properties. And when I say "owner," I generally mean owner and development partner. It's great when we can participate in the design phase in order to build a hotel to our exacting standards. Industry dynamics generally do not allow for companies in the hotel space to perform both the owner and the operator functions. And as a result, Loews Hotels is a leader within this niche of the market, playing to these strengths has served Loews Hotels well, and we believe it will continue to do so. Currently, there is very little financing available for most hotel developers in the full-service hotel space. As a result, being a well-capitalized owner-operator gives Loews Hotels a distinct advantage when competing for attractive development projects. As always, Loews Corporation invests alongside our subsidiaries, which is -- in the best interest of our shareholders. And we certainly believe that our investment in Loews Hotels ' growth strategy will create long-term value. Finally, let me update you briefly on share repurchases. From April 1 through last Friday, we repurchased 6.5 million shares of Loews common stock for just over $350 million. Year-to-date, we've bought back 4.5% of our outstanding shares for $630 million. As I've often said, we believe that Loews still trades at a significant discount to our view of its intrinsic value. So, we'll continue to let our share repurchase activity speak for itself. And with that, let me hand the call over to David.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter, Loews reported a Net Income of 754 million or $2.86 per share compared to a Net Loss of 835 million or $2.96 per share in last year's second quarter. As Jim commented, our second-quarter operating results were excellent, driven by CNA and Boardwalk, both of which had stellar quarters. While Loews Hotels did post a loss, its business has rebounded more strongly than expected, especially at its highly desirable resort properties. Our second quarter results both this year and last year were impacted by unusual items. Absent these unusual items, which I will describe in a moment, our Q2 Net Income rebounded to $316 million this year from $122 million last year. This year's second quarter included a net investment gain of $555 million before tax and $438 million after-tax on our sale of a 47% stake in Altium Packaging. The investment gain is essentially the sum of the realized gain on the shares sold and the unrealized appreciation on our retained 53% stake. Last year's second quarter included a net investment loss related to the bankruptcy and concurrent GAAP deconsolidation of Diamond Offshore. This loss totalled $1.2 billion before tax and $957 million after-tax. Setting aside these two unusual items, all three of our consolidated subsidiaries; CNA, Boardwalk, and Loews Hotels recorded materially higher year-over-year net income contributions with CNA leading the charge. CNA had its Earnings Call earlier this morning, and I would encourage you to review the transcript for more details on the quarter. In the meantime, let me highlight a few salient points. CNA contributed net income of $330 million, up from $135 million in Q2 '20. The two main drivers of the year-over-year increase were higher property-casualty underwriting income generated by lower catastrophe losses and higher underlying underwriting income as well as higher net investment income. The combination of an 11% year-over-year increase in net earned premium and an almost two point improvement in the underlying combined ratio to 91.4 led to a 41% increase in CNAs underlying underwriting gain, which excludes catastrophe losses and prior year development. Catastrophe losses were modest in the quarter at 54 million pre-tax, in contrast to the elevated level of catastrophe losses booked in Q2 2020. Last year's second-quarter catastrophe losses were 301 million pre-tax and included reserves for COVID, civil unrest, and weather-related events. CNA 's all-in combined ratio, which includes catastrophe losses and prior year development, improved by over 15 points from 109.2 in Q2 2020 to 94 this year. The year-over-year increase in CNAs net investment income was driven mainly by higher returns on its portfolio of limited partnership investments. In contrast, net investment gains were lower in Q2 2021 than in the prior-year quarter. A quick comment on CNAs second quarter net written premium. While net earned premium across all property-casualty segments rose 11%, CNAs net written premium declined 1% overall and 12% in a commercial. The year-over-year decline in written premium was attributable to a quota share treaty CNA added to its property reinsurance program during the second quarter. Because the treaty will cover property policies already enforced, as well as policies written during the treaty term, CNA recorded a one-time written premium catch-up that reduced the quarter's net written premium by $122 million predominantly in the commercial segment. CNA ended the quarter with total assets of $66 billion, Shareholder's equity of $12.7 billion, and a consolidated statutory surplus of approximately $10.9 billion. Turning to Boardwalk. Boardwalk contributed a Net Income of $47 million up from $34 million in Q2 '20. The main driver of the year-over-year increase was higher natural gas transportation revenue. Boardwalk's more than 5% increase in net operating revenue was driven by growth projects recently placed in service, and by higher system utilization caused largely by deliveries to LNG markets and power plants. Through 6 months, natural gas transportation throughput increased by 11% year-over-year. Turning to Loews Hotels. Loews Hotels contributed a net loss of 21 million, a dramatic improvement from the 72 million net loss posted in Q2 2020. Adjusted EBITDA, which is defined in our earnings supplement and excludes non-recurring items, rebounded from a $54 million loss last year to a positive $26 million in Q2 '21. The year-over-year improvement was driven by a dramatic revenue increase, as most properties were opened for the full quarter and all properties were operational by quarter-end. Business at resort properties benefited especially from increased leisure travel. Looking backward, the second quarter of 2020 was exceedingly difficult for Loews Hotels, as almost all these properties suspended operations for most of the quarter. GAAP net operating revenue plummeted 94% from the second quarter of 2019, and revenue at the Company's JV Properties, which is not included in GAAP net operating revenue, declined a similar percentage. For a good snapshot of Loews ' steady operational improvement, I would encourage you to review I believe it's Page 11 of our quarterly earnings supplement, which shows the meaningful increases since Q2 last year in available rooms, occupancy, and average daily rate. A quick comment regarding Diamond Offshore. We included Diamond Offshore as a reporting segment until its bankruptcy filing and deconsolidation in late April 2020. Our second quarter 2020 results included a net operating loss of 24 million attributable to Diamond. Turning to the corporate segment. Altium has been reported as part of the corporate segment since we acquired the Company in 2017. Following our sale of a 47% stake, it remains in the corporate segment but is now accounted for under the equity method. The corporate segment also includes the unusual items I mentioned earlier, namely a net investment gain this year related to our sale of a 47% stake in Altium, and a net investment loss last year stemming from the bankruptcy and deconsolidation of Diamond Offshore. I would note that this year's second-quarter results also reflect a 15 million pre-tax write-off of our equity investment in Diamond upon its emergence from bankruptcy. The parent Company's investment Portfolio generated a pre-tax net investment income of 24 million, as compared to 110 million last year. Last year's results benefited from the significant recovery of the equity markets in the second quarter, a quarter in which the S&P 500 returned almost 21%. The parent Company's Portfolio of cash and investments stood at 3.9 billion at quarter-end with about 80% in cash and equivalents. As Jim (ph) mentioned, during the quarter, we repurchased 3.9 million shares of our common stock for 219 million and we received about 92 million in Dividends from CNA. In addition, we received about 410 million in net proceeds from the Altium transaction during the second quarter. After quarter-end, we repurchased another 2.6 million shares of our common stock for 140 million. As of last Friday, there are approximately 257 million shares of Loews common stock outstanding, down more than 8% from June 30, 2020. I will now hand the call back to Mary (ph).
Q - Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. Moving on to the Q&A portion of the call, we have a number of questions from shareholders. Every quarter, we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance that they would like us to answer on our Earnings Call. The first question is to Jim. Jim, can you give us Loews ' outlook for CNA?
Jim Tisch: CNA's outlook is extremely bright. Let's take a step back and let's look at the insurance industry as a whole first. While interest rates are low, the P&C Industry continues to have disciplined capital management. Overall, P&C pricing continues to be healthy. CNA is attracting high-quality new business and it's improving underwriting margins through focused risk selection and pricing. Let's not forget, CNA's management team is top-notch and the Company continues to attract high-quality professionals. The Company also has a fortress Balance sheet even after paying almost $5 billion in dividends to its shareholders over the past 5 years. Additionally, CNA's long-term care exposure continues to decrease with active policies declining by about one third over the past 5 years. Given CNA's strong performance and future outlook, we believe the Company is greatly undervalued. And speaking of undervalued, when buying Loews ' shares, we're always cognizant of what we call the triple discount. Let me briefly explain what I mean. First, Loews shares trade below our view of their intrinsic value. Secondly, the P&C industry tends to be undervalued compared to the stock market. And third, CNA trades at a discount to the P&C industry. Some growth companies trade at 15 times revenue. Some value companies trade at 12 times to 15 times EBITDA. That's EBITDA and not net income. The S&P 500 trades at 20 -- greater than 20 times earnings, but some P&C companies trade at a measly 11 times to 12 times net income, actual net income, which could be distributed directly to shareholders in the form of dividends. Based on this fact, the undervaluation of the P&C industry seems crazy to me, and CNA's undervaluation even more so.
Mary Skafidas: Okay. Thank you, Jim. The next question is over to David. Can you give us an update on Loews Hotels? How much cash will the company require from Loews Corp. in 2021?
David Edelson: Thanks, Mary. During our first-quarter earnings call, we stated that before considering proceeds from divestitures or expenditures on new development projects, we expect it to contribute less than 80 million of cash to Loews Hotels in 2021. This revised estimate was materially lower than our earlier estimates given the better than anticipated outlook for Loews Hotels operating cash flow at the end of the first quarter. At that time, we had contributed 32 million to Loews Hotels year-to-date. We have made no further cash contributions since that time to Loews Hotels. Loews Hotels outlook continued to improve during the second quarter. We now anticipate that, again, before considering any proceeds from divestitures or expenditures on new development projects during the second half of the year, Loews Hotels would not require additional cash from the parent company in 2021. I would highlight, however, that if Loews Hotels does close on one or more significant development opportunities in the back half of this year, we would likely be required to contribute additional cash to the Company in 2021 and for all the right reasons. Thanks, Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. And a good segue into the next question, which is for Jim. Jim, how are you thinking about the hotel business going forward? Is it time to start looking at potential acquisitions?
Jim Tisch: Loews Hotels has never stopped looking at -- for potential acquisitions. Based on current market dynamics, however, acquiring a new hotel doesn't make economic sense, not when you compare the long-term favourable returns Loews Hotels receives by developing its own hotels. Many markets in the U.S. have older full-service hotels. By building a new hotel with modern spaces or significantly renovating an existing location, we immediately gain a competitive advantage by offering an attractive new product that appeals to both leisure guests and to meeting planners. Over the last 5 years, Loews Hotels has added valuable new properties to its portfolio by building to suit our own exacting standards, as opposed to buying already developed hotels. By building to suit, we developed hotels that focus on one or both of our growth strategy pillars, hotels with more than 300 keys to cater to groups and hotels that operate near built-in demand generators. The first pillar of Loews Hotels ' growth strategy is its well-earned reputation for excellence in the groups and meetings market. In locations attractive to groups as well as the leisure customers, guests are also attracted by the unique local experience these properties offer. The second pillar of growth is Loews Hotels ' focus on immersive destinations such as Universal Studios Orlando Campus, where Loews Hotels, as -- has eight hotels with 9,000 rooms. Loews Hotels has pursued additional immersive destinations where demand for hotel rooms is strong because of the precedence of our built-in demand generators, such as an adjacent sports stadium or other attractions. Live! by Loews in Arlington, Texas is one such hotel that is proven to be very resilient during the pandemic. The Arlington Hotel is located near numerous professional sports and entertainment venues. From 2015 to 2019, Loews Hotels grew adjusted EBITDA from just under $160 million to almost $230 million with a healthy margin. 2020 was clearly a very challenging year for our hotel subsidiary and for the industry. In 2021, Loews Hotels has certainly gained ground, and while we continue to monitor the effects of the pandemic on the hospitality industry, we believe that over the long term, the hotel Company will once again be a profitable growth engine for Loews Corp.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim. The next question is for David. David, can you give us what the status is of the Boardwalk trial?
David Edelson: Sure. Closing arguments took place on July 14, 2021, and the judge is now deliberating. We continue to believe that we have very strong legal and factual arguments and that the plaintiff's case is without merit, but as we all know, litigation is inherently unpredictable, and there's really nothing more we can report at this time.
Mary Skafidas: Okay. Thank you, David, for that update. Jim, the next question is for you. Can you give us your outlook for inflation in interest rates?
Jim Tisch: So the nice thing about getting questions before the earnings gall is that I can prepare a thoughtful response rather than just wing it. Such is the case with the answer to your question, Mary, about interest rates and inflation. Let's start with inflation. On the last Earnings Call, I talked about cost-push and demand-pull inflation. And I said that we are seeing both forms of inflation these days. Today, I want to speak about what used to be called the cycle of inflation. That was a common term in the '60s through the early '80s when inflation was much, much higher than it is today. As you can imagine, the cycle of inflation rates to a dynamic that takes hold in an economy. That relates to increasing prices and the expectation of ever-increasing prices, making it such that employees demand higher wages to maintain their purchasing power and their standard of living. Those higher wages then translate into higher costs for producers, which causes the producers to ask for higher prices for their products thus reinforcing the demand for higher wages from labor. And so the cycle begins and feeds upon itself. I believe that this cycle of inflation is what we are beginning to experience today. Talent is scarce. Just look at the number of Companies that can find employees for their businesses, including Loews for its Hotel and Packaging businesses. Certain goods are also scarce. Here are just a few whose prices have shot up a lot. Computer chips, coffee, polyethylene pellets, tin and aluminum, soybeans, oil, natural gas, and yes, jet fuel. The CRB Raw Industrials Index is up by more than 50% from a year ago. Dishwashers, washing machine driers, and refrigerators are all on long backorders. Housing prices are up approximately 25%, 25% percent in the past year. And of course, there is the shortage of labor in the late -- in the labor market, a very, very serious shortage. An esteemed economist friend of mine said that this year is the eleventh time that the core CPI has risen more than 3% in the first 6 months of the year. On nine of those 10 previous occasions, core CPI inflation for the full year was at least 6%. By that measure, we are on track for inflation of much more than 6% because for the first 6 months of this year, inflation is already at 5.4%. And so it's an easy bet that inflation for all of 2021 will greatly surpass 6%. I believe that our current labor shortage is not a temporary phenomenon and it will only be resolved with significantly higher levels of compensation, causing costs to increase leading to ever-higher inflation. I believe that we are now in a cycle of inflation rather than a spurt within an otherwise benign inflationary period. This year, we are moving from an extended era of less than 2% inflation to a year of more than 6% or 7% inflation. And due to increased labor costs, my expectation for inflation in '22 is for significantly higher inflation than the 2% level we have seen in the recent past. This inflation problem won't go away by simply wishing it away, especially with the Fed's proverbial foot still on the gas pedal. Which, of course, brings us to interest rates. The economist Rudi Dombusch, famously said in the '60s that in economics, things take longer to happen, than you think they will, and then they happen faster than you ever thought that they could. Such as the case, I believe with interest rates in the United States. They're too damn low. And the reason that they are so low is because, in the past year-and-a-half, the Fed has purchased over $4 trillion of government securities. That's $4 trillion of government securities that have been taken out of the market. Poof, they're gone. The Fed has created a squeeze of gargantuan proportions in these Securities that have rippled through all the fixed income markets. The only people that own U.S. fixed-income securities are people who need to own them, like banks and insurance companies, just to name a few. Traders may dabble in government Securities, but investors won't go near them because there isn't a bullish case to be made for investing in Government Securities. Today, the 10-year note yields less than 1.2%. If the rate on those notes goes up just 13 basis points, a little over 1/10th of 1% then the entire interest carries on the bond for the year will disappear. That sounds like a miserable investment to me. Getting back to inflation. If the inflation rate this year is 6% and that's a low number I believe, then the negative real return on a 10-year note will be -4.75%. That's -4.75%. Who would want to own security that guarantees you'll lose almost 5% of your purchasing power in a single year? Most people have already decided to either hold cash or move out the risk curve rather than lock in a real loss of such large proportions. The issuance of government securities will continue. For this year, the Federal deficit is forecasted to be $3 trillion, which means there is no end to the supply of government bonds that need to be issued to finance our government's activities. And with so much issuance of government securities on the way, and with a strong economy, and with inflation running so hot, and with the negative real yield so unattractive, the Fed may have little choice but to take their foot off the proverbial gas pedal and take away the punch bowl, finally allowing interest rates to rise. There's only so long that the Fed can delay the inevitable. And to me, and maybe to Ruby -- Rudi Dombusch, a blessed memory that time may soon be upon us.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Thank you for that perspective. And thank you, David (ph). That concludes the Loews call for today. As always, we want to thank you for your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at mskafidas@ loews.com A replay will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately 2 hours. That concludes Loews call for the day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Loews' Corporation First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Mary Skafidas Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications for Loews.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session with questions from shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements, due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. What a difference a year makes? 12 months ago, we were all facing tremendous uncertainty about the future. A year later, while the personal, social and economic effects of COVID-19 are still impacting each of us individually and collectively, the outlook at Loews has significantly improved. Each of our subsidiaries has been affected differently by the pandemic, but across the board, their responses have been extraordinary, and each business has found its footing in 2021. First, let's look at our largest subsidiary CNA. The company's operational strength and resilience is evident, not only in its underlying combined ratio and rate increases, but also in its ability to respond nimbly to ongoing challenges. In the first quarter, CNA did experience higher than usual cat losses from what I call the Texas freeze off, but its basic business continued to perform well. CNA's underlying combined ratio of 91.9 improved nearly 2 points over the prior year quarter of 93.7, with a 1.6 percentage point improvement in the expense ratio. Rate continues to be strong with an 11% increase in the quarter. CNA's investment portfolio ended the quarter with $4.3 billion in unrealized gains, down from a high of $5.7 billion last quarter, primarily due to higher interest rates. Over the long term, higher interest rates will be beneficial to CNA, allowing it to invest its cash flow at higher rates than today. Boardwalk Pipelines has substantial operations in Texas, but the February storm had little financial impact on the company. Boardwalk's revenues slightly increased due to higher system utilization during the freeze off, as was the case with other companies in the natural gas transportation industry. The company's solid performance during this crisis was not a lucky accident, rather, it was a result of significant preparation, planning and hard work by the Boardwalk team. The company's considerable efforts paid off and Boardwalk was able to deliver gas to its customer with minimal disruption. Boardwalks revenue increase to $370 million in the first quarter of 2021 was due to growth projects that have been placed into service and the colder winter weather. Of all our subsidiaries, Loews Hotels has been hit the hardest by the pandemic. However, as travel picks up across the country, we are seeing gradual progress at Loews Hotels, especially at the company's resort destinations. By the end of the first quarter of '21, 23 of the company's 27 hotels were open. And further good news, the company expects to have hotels open in all its markets by the end of the second quarter. Comparing the first quarter of 2021 to the final quarter of 2020, we saw continued improvement in trends. The average daily room rate of our owned and JV hotels that are open increased by 25% to $234. Leisure travel continues to improve at a faster pace than business travel, and while we expect that circumstances will vary by hotel property, occupancy at hotels should increase gradually as the economy recovers from the pandemic. Loews Hotels has an ownership interest in nearly 15,000 rooms, approximately 11,000 of which are located in resort destinations. So we think that Loews Hotels is well positioned to benefit from this leisure led recovery. When acquiring a subsidiary, our long-term goal is to have that subsidiary return capital to Loews when the time is appropriate. Loews acquired Altium in 2017 for $1.2 billion that was $600 million in equity and $600 million in debt at the Altium level. In February of 2021, Altium refinanced its term loans and replaced its roughly $850 million of debt with a new $1050 million, 7-year term loan, allowing the company to pay $200 million dividend to Loews. And a month later, on April 1, Loews sold a 47% stake in Altium to GIC, a Singapore Wealth Fund, for gross cash proceeds of $422 million. With these two transactions, Loews has recouped its entire initial investment in Altium, while still retaining a 53% ownership interest in the company. From a portfolio optimization standpoint, we felt the time was right for us to monetize a portion of Loews' ownership stake in Altium. We believe strongly in the long-term prospects of Altium's business, and it's our opinion that the Altium management team is second to none in the industry. By retaining a majority ownership position, Loews will be able to capitalize on the future growth trajectory of the company. Additionally, we have gained a strong and like-minded partner in GIC. Under the new ownership structure, Altium has increased its financial flexibility when it comes to larger acquisitions. Finally, so far in 2021, Loews has purchased more than 6,150,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $49.58 per share, for a total of $305 million, representing 2.3% of our outstanding shares. Many a time, you've heard me bemoan the discount at which Loews trades. So I'll spare you the rant this time and just let our repurchase activity speak for itself. David, over to you.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the first quarter, Loews reported net income of $261 million or $0.97 per share, a sharp rebound from last year's first quarter net loss of $632 million or $2.20 per share. As a reminder, last year's net loss had two main drivers. One, investment results at CNA and the Loews parent company, stemming from financial market disruptions as the pandemic spread; and second, rig impairments at our former consolidated subsidiary, Diamond Offshore. This year's first quarter benefited from dramatically improved investment results at CNA and the parent company, strong P&C underwriting income at CNA, before catastrophe losses and favorable results posted by Boardwalk Pipelines. Also, the year-over-year comparison benefited from the absence of losses from Diamond Offshore. Conversely, losses at Loews Hotels reduced quarterly results, as the pandemic continued to mute travel and thus, hotel demand. Additionally, earnings in the corporate segment were reduced by some items related to Altium, our packaging subsidiary. Let me get into more detail about the quarter. CNA contributed net income of $279 million, up dramatically from a $55 million net loss in Q1 2020. The year-over-year turnaround was driven primarily by investment results, both net investment income and net investment gains. But before I discuss investment results, I wanted to highlight CNA's continued solid property casualty underwriting performance. CNA's core property casualty business posted terrific underwriting results before catastrophe losses. Net earned premium was up almost 6% year-over-year and the combined ratio, excluding CAT losses, was 91.3%, 1.7 points better than last year's first quarter and 1.1 points better than full year 2020. The loss ratio, excluding CATs, was 59.5%, an excellent result that was in line with last year's first quarter and with full year 2020. I would note that prior development was comparable this year and last, with less than 1 point of favorable development in both periods. CNA's expense ratio, which, together with the loss ratio makes up the combined ratio, declined to 31.5%, which was 1.6 points better than in Q1, 2020. The company's expense ratio improvement is notable and results from both expense management and premium growth. As a historical footnote, the company's expense ratio in, say, 2017 was over 34%. So you can see how far CNA has come in a few short years. Catastrophe losses, however, were elevated during this year's first quarter thanks largely to winter storms Uri and Viola in Texas. CNA booked 6.8 points of CAT losses in Q1, up from 4.3 points in last year's first quarter. As a result, the company's overall combined ratio was up slightly to 98.1 from 97.3 last year. I would highlight that CNA's Q1 CAT losses were essentially in line with its market share in the affected areas. CNA's after-tax net investment income increased $133 million or 48% from last year, with common stocks and limited partnership investments accounting for the entire improvement. The S&P 500 returned 6.2% in this year's first quarter as compared to a negative 19.6% total return in Q1 of last year. The turnaround in CNA's net investment gains was substantial, swinging from net pretax investment losses of $216 million in Q1 '20 to investment gains of $57 million in Q1 '21. Last year's large losses were mainly attributable to market value declines of nonredeemable preferred stock as well as impairment losses on corporate bonds. Taken together, the uplift in CNA's net investment income and the turnaround in its net investment gains benefited Loews' year-over-year net income by $306 million. In summary, CNA's investment and non-CAT underwriting results were strong during the quarter with CNA and its peers, impacted by an unusually high level of natural catastrophes. Boardwalk posted an over 8% increase in net revenue and a net income contribution of $85 million, up from $65 million in last year's first quarter. Turning to Loews Hotels. While the company continues to suffer from the COVID-induced downturn in travel, business is gradually improving, as Jim described. The company posted a net loss of $43 million in the quarter versus a net loss of $25 million in Q1 '20. GAAP operating revenue was $39 million, down from $109 million last year, and the pretax equity loss from joint venture properties was $12 million as opposed to a $4 million loss last year. In last year's first quarter, business was quite strong during January and February and into the first week of March, only to decline precipitously thereafter. So precipitously, in fact, that most properties suspended operations between March 19 and the end of the quarter. To provide a comparative sense of the hotel company's results, let's look at adjusted EBITDA, which is defined and reconciled in our earnings supplement. It includes all properties and excludes nonrecurring items. Adjusted EBITDA was $61 million in Q1 of 2019, declined to $17 million in Q1 of 2020, and was a loss of $13 million in this year's first quarter. The low point for profitability was last year's second quarter when Loews Hotels posted an adjusted EBITDA loss of $54 million. Adjusted EBITDA has improved steadily since that low point as business has steadily come back. For a good snapshot of this operational improvement, I would encourage you to review Page 11 of our quarterly earnings supplement, which shows the increase in available rooms occupancy and average daily rate since Q2 last year. We currently expect absent any divestitures or development projects to make a net cash contribution to Loews Hotels of less than $80 million in 2021, down materially from our earlier estimates given better-than-anticipated cash flow. During the first quarter, we invested $32 million in Loews Hotels. Turning to the corporate segment. The parent company's investment portfolio generated net pretax income of $46 million as compared to a loss of $166 million last year. Like at CNA, equities and alternatives led the decline last year and the rebound this year. The remainder of the corporate sector generated a $75 million pretax and $106 million after-tax loss in the quarter. Two main factors, both connected to Altium, drove this larger-than-normal loss. One, Altium undertook a recapitalization during the quarter, refinancing its existing term loans with a single $1.05 billion term loan. The company booked a $14 million pretax debt extinguishment charge in connection with the recap. And second, the sale of a 47% stake in Altium to GIC, which was pending at quarter end, required Loews to book a $35 million deferred tax liability, which impacted net income, but not pretax income. Diamond Offshore materially affected our year-over-year earnings comparison, given Diamond's $452 million net loss in last year's first quarter, driven largely by rig impairments. Diamond was consolidated effective April 26, 2020, and had no impact on our results this past quarter. A few words about the parent company. As always, we remain determined to maintain a strong and liquid balance sheet. During the quarter, we repurchased 5.6 million shares of our common stock for $274 million, and we received about $274 million in dividends from CNA in the quarter, including the $0.38 regular quarterly dividend and the $0.75 special dividend. We also received, as Jim mentioned, a $199 million dividend from Altium, pursuant to its recapitalization. The parent company portfolio of cash and investments stood at $3.6 billion at quarter end, with about 80% in cash and equivalents. After quarter end, we received about $410 million in net proceeds from the sale of 47% of Altium, and have repurchased another 599,000 shares of common stock for about $32 million. Finally, let me clarify some details relating to the sale of a stake in Altium to GIC. The transaction price implied a total enterprise value of $2 billion for the company and a total equity value of about $900 million. As a reminder, we purchased the company for a total enterprise value of $1.2 billion in 2017 and have not invested any additional capital in Altium since the acquisition. In the second quarter, upon deconsolidation, we will book a net pretax gain of approximately $560 million, which reflects both the net realized gain on the stake sold to GIC and the unrealized gain on our retained 53% stake. The 53% stake will be held as an equity investment in a nonconsolidated subsidiary at approximately $475 million, reflecting the valuation implied by the price paid by GIC for its 47% stake. I will now hand the call back to Mary.
A - Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. Moving on to the Q&A portion of the call. We have a number of questions from shareholders. Every quarter, we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance, they would like us to address in our earnings call. The first question goes to Jim. Jim, would you please comment on CNA's recent cyber attack?
Jim Tisch: Sure, Mary. On CNA's earnings call earlier today, Dino Robusto, the CEO of CNA, mentioned that in March of 2021 that CNA had sustained, what he called, a sophisticated cybersecurity attack. The attack caused a network disruption and impacted some of CNA's systems. As soon as they detected the attack, CNA took steps to address the incident including, among other things, engaging a team of third-party forensic experts and notifying law enforcement and also key regulators. CNA has restored the network systems and resumed full normal operations. The company is continuing to assess the full extent of the impact from the incident, as well as determining any additional actions that it might take in order to improve its existing systems. Based on what CNA knows now, it does not appear, it's important, it does not appear that the cyberattack will have a material impact on CNA's business, either financially or operationally.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim. The next question is also for you. Can you tell us why Loews decided to sell a piece of Altium?
Jim Tisch: Sure. That's a reasonable question. There were a number of reasons, especially from a portfolio optimization standpoint, that we felt that the time was right for us to monetize a portion of our ownership in Altium. As I said in my remarks, our goal when acquiring a new subsidiary is to have it return capital to Loews when the time is right, and we thought the time was right now. Through Altium's dividend recap in February of this year, and then with the sale of a 47% stake of the company to GIC, the Singapore Wealth Fund, we have recouped our entire initial equity investment in Altium. And we still own 53% of the company, which allows us to be able to participate in the company's future growth. So we fully believe in Altium's long-term prospects. And I think the management team at Altium is truly top-notch. And we've also added a strong partner in GIC and the new ownership structure provides financial flexibility for Altium, especially if they pursue larger acquisitions.
Mary Skafidas: Okay. Great. Thank you. The next question is for David. David, can you please give us an update on the Boardwalk trial?
David Edelson: Sure, Mary. Not much to say here. The Boardwalk trial was held the week of February 22. Post-trial oral arguments are scheduled for July 14 this year, after which the judge will deliberate. And there's really nothing more to report at this time.
Mary Skafidas: Okay. Thanks for the update. Next question is for Jim, also Boardwalk related. Jim, can you talk to us about Boardwalk's performance during the Texas storms?
Jim Tisch: Or as I call it, the Texas freeze off. So the impact of February winter storm in Texas was devastating for the people of Texas, leaving many people without power or heat for the duration of the storm. The Boardwalk team did an incredible job, though, due in large part to many planning hours that were dedicated to the preparation for such an event. And as a result, the company was ready to deliver gas to customers on time during and after the storm. Through careful operational management and increased staffing in a number of key areas, Boardwalk was able to successfully meet their customers' need for gas despite low inflows into the Boardwalk Pipelines system. As was with the rest of the area, the Boardwalk system faced historically low temperatures and widespread power outages, but was able to continue operating on backup power when necessary. So they really performed admirably during that event.
Mary Skafidas: Great. The next question is for David, and this question has become almost standard since the beginning of the pandemic. David, can you please give us an update on Loews Hotels on its business as well as cash required from the parent company?
David Edelson: Sure, Mary. I'll be a bit redundant with some of my prepared remarks. Loews Hotels cash flow has improved materially since the onset of the pandemic. Properties have resumed operations, management company and property level expenses have been managed aggressively and capital spending has been rightsized for the current environment. The low point in Loews Hotels results was last year's second quarter, when GAAP revenue was just $9 million and adjusted EBITDA was a loss of $54 million. During this year's first quarter, GAAP revenue was $39 million, and the adjusted EBITDA loss had been shrunk to just $13 million. And as I noted in my remarks, the table on Page 11 of our earnings supplement does show how available rooms occupancy and average daily rate have all increased quite markedly from last year's second quarter. Now as a reminder, in terms of cash, during all of last year, the Loews parent company contributed net cash of just over $150 million to Loews Hotels. For 2021, the year we're currently in, we currently expect, absent any divestitures or development projects, to make a net cash contribution to Loews Hotels of less than $80 million. This is down materially, of course, from our earlier estimates given better-than-anticipated cash flow at Loews Hotels. And we've contributed in the first quarter, $32 million to the company. Overall, travel is picking up. Confidence is growing as vaccination rates increase both domestically and internationally. While business travel and group meetings have yet to gain real momentum, leisure travel to resort destinations, in particular, has picked up and is driving Loews Hotels' evolving rebound. And as Jim mentioned, with so many of its rooms located in resort destinations, such as Orlando and Miami Beach, Loews Hotels is well positioned to continue benefiting as we move through the spring into the summer. Thanks, Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. Our last question is for Jim. Jim, and this is kind of a broader question, not Lowes related necessarily, but can you give us an update on how you think the economy is doing? You don't like to look into your crystal ball, typically, but if we persuade you to what would it show you?
Jim Tisch: It reminds me of the old saying, he who lives by the crystal ball and must learn to eat ground glass, but I will persevere nonetheless. So in my opinion, the economy is doing very well, thank you. There's enormous pent-up consumer demand and with the combination of government stimulus and vaccines, that will add yet more fuel to this fire in the economy, this growth in the economy. For many in the middle and upper income classes, there was very little to spend on during the lockdowns. There was no travel. There were no restaurants. There was no entertainment other than Netflix. And the savings rates for the past year has been at all-time highs at close to 20%, which is extraordinary, considering that the norm is about 7.5%. In our hotel business, we're seeing the beginnings of the increase in travel. In some areas, one of the chief constraints to increasing our occupancy rate is staffing. Staffing is also a constraint in our packaging subsidiary, Altium. So what I can foresee are double-digit increases in GDP, driven by consumer demand, but I can also see significant inflation coming from two very distinct sources. The first source is cost push inflation. Especially at the lower end of the pay grade, I see significant increases in wages needed to get people back on to the job. As I said, we're having trouble finding people to work at Altium, and likewise, Loews Hotels, and to combat that, there's been serious increases in wages. The other thing that's adding to the cost push inflation is that commodities of all sorts are breaking out on the upside. There's copper, there's corn, iron ore, wood, lumber, you name it, commodities are rallying. So businesses are experiencing a lot of increases in their inputs into what they sell. The second part of the inflation story, in my mind, comes from the demand pull inflation. I see -- I foresee significant consumer inflation coming from the easing of the pandemic and people making up for a lost year last year of spending. So inflation that was 1.5% to 2%, in my opinion, could be significantly higher in the coming years, because of the dramatic increase in demand, combined with the dramatic increase in costs at businesses. So with this as my base, for the life of me, I don't understand what the Fed and what the Biden administration are doing. Let's start with the Fed. They've got their heads in the sand, in my opinion. The economy is starting to boom, yet we have 0% short-term interest rates, 0%, and inflation is moving up. And they're still managing -- the Fed is still managing both medium and long-term rates. So that 10-year notes are now under 160. Inflation is significantly over that and typically, 10-year notes traded at 200 basis points to 300 basis point premium to inflation. So as a result, no one wants to own term treasury securities. And in fact, the only people who are buying them are people who need to own them, for example, insurance companies that have to have fixed income securities. And the other major, major purchaser of those securities is the Fed itself. My fear -- my fear is that the Fed is keeping the proverbial punch ball out for the revelers for much too long. In fact, they've said that, that's exactly what they're doing. The Fed said that. And to me, it seems crazy. With respect to fiscal policy, there are so many trillion-dollar proposals out there that I can't keep them straight. In Washington, D.C., modern monetary theory is the new paradigm. Modern monetary theory says that basically, deficits don't matter. That the government can spend whatever it wants. My view, these politicians and economists are truly kidding themselves. We as a nation are in an extended sugar high that is being elongated by the Fed and the administration's policies, and I'm concerned that at some point down the road, we, as a nation, are going to have to pay a serious price for it. So just to sum up, as a result of increased consumer demand coming out of the pandemic and also the dramatically increasing government spending, and as I mentioned, the cost push pressures and also the demand pull pressures, as a result of all of these factors, I see very strong growth for at least the next several quarters, combined with relatively high inflation, which makes me bearish on intermediate and long-term interest rates. So Mary, that's a brief summary of my view of where we are in the economy and where I see it going.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. And thank you all for joining us today. That concludes Loews' call. As always, we appreciate your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at mskafidasloews.com. A replay will be available on our website of this call, lowes.com, in approximately two hours. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sia and I will be the conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Corporation Q4 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communication for Loews. Please go ahead ma'am.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Sia. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Loews Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. The copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and Company overview maybe found on our website loews.com. On the call this morning we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session with questions from our shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the Company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the Company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the Company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. 2020 was a year of extraordinary challenges. The coronavirus changed our lives with astonishing speed and what began as a promising year quickly and dramatically morphed into a global health and economic crisis. In addition to the harsh toll on human lives and livelihoods, the pandemic has brought about changes in society and business that are likely to be felt for years to come. Before I speak about Loews, I want to acknowledge and to thank everyone on the front lines of the fight against this pandemic, especially the medical professionals, the first responders, and people in every industry who are risking their own safety to provide essential products and safety. While we can never sufficiently express our gratitude for their bravery and their compassion, Loews and our subsidiaries have provided philanthropic support to various organizations supplying relief and aiding recovery efforts in their community. We also want to recognize our Loews corporate and subsidiary employees who rose to this ongoing challenge with determination, focus, and professionalism. Across the organization, our people have done their part to make sure that businesses had insurance and claims were paid that natural gas was available to heat homes, schools, and medical facilities, that packaging was available for water and medicine bottles, where that a meal was delivered to a family in a hotel room. Each of our subsidiaries went to impressive lengths to ensure the health and safety of their employees and customers. These efforts enabled us to meet the needs of our customers and communities at a critical time while continuing to move Loews forward. Let's look at the operational impact of COVID on each of our subsidiaries over the course of 2020 starting with CNA. Operationally, CNA's performance continues to be quite strong, while the events of 2020 were unprecedented including impacts not only from COVID, but also from civil unrest and hurricanes. The overall trend in the property casualty insurance industry has been upwards towards a hardening market. Not only did CNA have good growth in new business, the Company also benefited from higher P&C rates leading to higher overall premium growth. Throughout the year, CNA has continued to focus on underwriting discipline, partnerships, and talent. This focus has resulted in continued improvements in CNA's underlying performance which excludes catastrophe losses and prior-year development. In 2020, CNA had an underlying combined ratio of 93.1% compared to 94.8% in 2019 and 95.4% in 2018. That represents a more than 2-point improvement over two years reflecting progress in both the expense and loss ratios. Earlier today, CNA declared a special dividend of $0.75 in addition to raising its quarterly common dividend to $0.38 per share. The increase in the common dividend is reflective of the CNA Board's confidence in the ongoing operational improvements at CNA. CNA paid total dividends of around 90% of its 2020 earnings. CNA's ability to return capital to shareholders even after the extensive cat losses the Company absorbed this year underscores its financial strength and fortress balance sheet. At Boardwalk in 2020, the Company met the challenge of operating its pipelines without service interruptions to its customers not only during COVID-19, but also through the hurricanes that hit the Gulf Coast. Boardwalk has completed the re-contracting of its pipelines originally put into service between 2008 and 2010. While future growth projects could become more difficult to green light in the current environment, Boardwalk continues to benefit from its long-term fixed fee contracts. During 2020, the Company added approximately $1.3 billion of new contracts and the contractual backlog ended the year at over $9 billion or seven times Boardwalk's annual 2020 revenues. Boardwalk reported EBITDA of $819 million for the year, essentially flat from 2019. As for our packaging Company, Altium, demand for its products continues to be strong overall and even stronger for product segments such as household, household chemicals, and beverages. On the flip side, as a result of the pandemic, demand is somewhat weaker in segments such as automotive, commercial foodservice, and school dairy. Additionally, the Company's recycling business, Envision has been experiencing its best performance since it was acquired by Altium in 2014 driven by stronger demand for recycled products, also known as post-consumer resin. Altium's focus on new business is bearing fruit and should benefit results in future periods. The Company continues to be successful in gaining new accounts by demonstrating reliability, continued innovation, and customer focus during this difficult COVID period. Of all our subsidiaries, Loews Hotels has been the hardest hit by the pandemic. In February, the Company had occupancy rates of around 80% for its owned and joint venture hotels. By April, only three of these hotels were operational and occupancy rates had plummeted to about 9%. The Company responded quickly to the COVID-induced downturn in a number of ways. To better align to reduced level of demand, Loews Hotels aggressively cut expenses. They rightsized capital spending, worked with lenders to defer interest and principal paydowns, and reevaluated opening dates for new developments. Importantly, in the face of this crisis, Loews Hotels continues to look out for its team member's safety and well-being, putting programs in place to assist those negatively affected as well as implementing extensive COVID protocols in hotels as they resumed operations. During December 2020, occupancy rates for owned and JV hotels that were operational had risen to almost 38% with 22 out of 27 Loews Hotels once again welcoming guests. At this point in time, leisure travel is recovering at a somewhat faster pace than business travel, but it is still difficult to predict when Loews Hotels will resume normal operations. We expect that circumstances will vary by hotel property with the occupancy at hotels increasing gradually as the travel industry recovers from the pandemic. That being said, we believe properties such as those in Orlando, Miami Beach, and Arlington, Texas are well positioned to participate in the early stages of the travel resurgence. It bears mentioning that throughout the pandemic Loews and its subsidiaries continued to have ample access to the capital markets. Loews, CNA, and Boardwalk each issued $500 million in bonds between May and August of 2020, taking advantage of the low rates available in the credit markets. Altium Packaging completed a debt recapitalization in January 2021, which resulted in a $199 million payment to Loews, basically returning a third of our equity and we still own 100% of the business. This is our first dividend from Altium since acquiring the Company in 2017. The success of these offerings is a testament of the strength of Loews' corporate and subsidiary balance sheets and investors' confidence in our credit worthiness. Before I hand the call over to David, I want to talk about capital allocation. Throughout this year, I have emphatically stated my strong belief that the market has been significantly undervaluing Loews' shares. I also stated that while Loews plans to maintain a substantial liquidity position as our rainy day fund. We would still take advantage of the markets discount and continue to buyback our shares. With our stock trading considerably below our view of its intrinsic value, share repurchases have recently been our most attractive capital allocation option. That being said, our decision to buyback stock has not come at the expense of any of our subsidiaries. We provided about $150 million to Loews Hotels in 2020 to help it right out the effects of COVID on the hospitality industry. We will continue to support Loews Hotels in 2021 as it prepares for travel and tourism to come back with the expectation of a return to more normalized operations in 2022. During the fourth quarter, we purchased almost 6 million shares of Loews stock for about $244 million while preserving ample liquidity and ending the quarter with about $3.5 billion in cash. Over the course of the year, Loews repurchased nearly 22 million of our own shares for an average cost of below $42 per share, which is lower than Loews' current market price and considerably lower than what we believe to be the intrinsic value of the company. In my view that's a great use of capital in order to create value for all shareholders over the long-term. And now, David over to you.
David Edelson: Thank you very much, Jim and good morning, everyone. Today we reported fourth quarter net income of $397 million or $1.45 per share compared to $217 million or $0.73 per share in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, we reported a net loss of $931 million or $3.32 per share while in 2019 our net income was $932 million or $3.07 per share. I will briefly summarize our strong fourth quarter results and then turn to the full year. CNA drove the year-over-year increase in our fourth quarter income with an assist from Boardwalk. The absence of results from Diamond Offshore which last year posted a fourth quarter loss also helped. Let me share some highlights on CNA's fourth quarter. For more details, check out the transcript from today's CNA Investor Call. CNA's net income contribution to Loews rose 42% to $346 million making up the bulk of our consolidated fourth quarter net income of $398 million. The core P&C business performed extremely well. Net written premium grew 12% year-over-year. Thanks to robust new business together with rate increases averaging over 12%. The combined ratio improved 2.1 points to 93.5 driven by lower expense and underlying loss ratios as well as reduced cat losses. After tax P&C net investment income was down slightly, as higher returns on LP and common stock investments were not able to fully offset the impact of lower yields on the fixed income portfolio. Net investment gains, however, were greater than during the prior-year quarter. The Life & Group segment posted strong results. Thanks principally to favorable morbidity trends in the long-term care block. Boardwalk pipelines net income contribution rose from $48 million in last year's fourth quarter to $83 million which included $26 million after-tax of settlement proceeds related to a customer bankruptcy. Fourth quarter net revenues excluding these proceeds were up 4% driven by growth projects recently placed into service. Loews Hotels posted a net loss of $68 million in Q4 2020 versus a net loss last year of $59 million. This year's net loss was caused by the continuing revenue challenges stemming from the pandemic with operating revenue, down 81% year-over-year. In last year's fourth quarter, Loews Hotels incurred a $69 million after-tax charge from the impairment of two hotel properties as well as some pre-opening expenses on properties under development. Before turning to the full year, one last observation on the quarterly comparison. The fourth quarter of 2019 included a $38 million net loss from Diamond Offshore. Diamond is no longer one of our consolidated subsidiaries and thus did not affect our Q4 2020 earnings. Now for our full year results. We reported a net loss of $931 million or $3.32 per share. Let me start by recapping the drivers of the loss, which primarily relate to Diamond and Loews Hotels. Diamond filed for a Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on April 26, 2020. Through that date, Diamond had contributed net losses of $476 million to Loews mainly attributable to rig impairment charges. Further because of the bankruptcy filing, in the second quarter, we deconsolidated Diamond, wrote down the carrying value of our investment in the Company and booked a $957 million after-tax investment loss. In total, Diamond accounted for $1.43 billion of net losses to Loews in 2020. Loews Hotels has been severely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic with operating revenue, down 71% for the full year. Similarly, income in joint ventures swung from positive $69 million in 2019 to a $73 million loss in 2020. This dramatic change in Loews Hotels operating environment caused the Company to incur a net loss of $212 million for the year. Loews' net income declined even after entirely excluding the impact of Diamond in the Loews Hotels from our results in both years. This decline was entirely attributable to higher catastrophe losses at CNA and lower results from investment-related activities at CNA and the parent Company. CNA booked pretax catastrophe losses of $550 million in 2020, up from $179 million in 2019. Weather related events comprised 50% of the year's cat losses with COVID-19 and civil unrest making up the remainder. The negative year-over-year impact to Loews of CNA's unusually elevated catastrophe losses was $262 million after-tax. After-tax net investment income in CNA's P&C business fell year-over-year because of lower returns on fixed income securities and limited partnership in common stock investments. This accounted for $148 million decline in Loews' net income. Similarly, the Loews parent company's net investment income declined $141 million after-tax, driven mainly by lower returns on LP and equity investments. Finally, CNA swung from net investment gains in 2019 to net investment losses in 2020. This swing reduced our net income by $60 million. In total, these items, cat losses net investment income at CNA and Loews and CNA's net investment losses accounted for a year-over-year decline in Loews' net income of $611 million. Thankfully, there were numerous positives during 2020 worth highlighting. CNA's core P&C business excluding catastrophes performed extremely well. Net written premium increased 6% on the back of new business growth, solid retention and rate increases averaging 11%. The underlying combined ratio for the full year, which excludes cat losses and prior year development was $93.1 million down from $94.8 million in 2019, with improvement in both the loss and expense ratios. All of this led to a 38% increase in pretax underlying underwriting income. CNA's long-term care business continues to benefit from active, operational, and risk management of the block. Even including the impact of this year's active life and claim reserve reviews, the Life & Group business generated positive results driven by better than expected morbidity in long-term care. CNA's balance sheet remains rock solid. Its decision to pay a $0.75 special dividend which was announced this morning is further evidence of CNA's dedication to financial soundness. Moreover, it continues to reduce its risk profile, most recently with the agreement signed last week to cede a legacy portfolio of excess workers' compensation policies to a subsidiary of Enstar. Boardwalk had a good year operationally. Net operating revenues excluding the settlement proceeds from a customer bankruptcy in each year were down less than 1% reflecting the last vestiges of expirations and renewals at lower rates of long-term contracts put in place 10 plus years ago. The Company's growth projects together with a strong market for storage and park and loan services made up for most of the falloff, and Boardwalk continues to effectively manage its expenses. Altium Packaging, which is included in our corporate segment had a strong year operationally with revenues up almost 10% driven by organic growth, new business, exceptional results in its recycled plastics business, the full year impact of acquisitions made in 2019 and higher year-over-year resin prices. 2020 was a record year for new business awards for Altium, further highlighting its reputation for quality, reliability, innovation and customer service. As I've mentioned in the past, Altium's results have had little effect to-date on our net income, while Altium generate healthy EBITDA and free cash flow, its GAAP income has been weighed down by depreciation and amortization from recent acquisitions and accelerated trade name amortization. Last week, Altium completed a recapitalization, issuing a $1.05 billion seven-year secured term loan. The proceeds of which went to refinance its existing debt and pay Loews' a dividend of $199 million. As Jim mentioned, this is the first distribution Loews has received from Altium since we acquired the company in 2017. Importantly, this transaction in no way hamstrings Altium's ability to continue pursuing tuck-in acquisitions. As a reminder, our initial equity investment in Altium was slightly more than $600 million. Turning to the parent company. The parent company portfolio of cash and investments stood at $3.5 billion at year-end, with about 77% in cash and equivalents. During the fourth quarter, we received $192 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $90 million from CNA, and $102 million from Boardwalk, which represented Boardwalk's only dividend to Loews in 2020. For the full year, we received total dividends of $947 million from CNA and Boardwalk. Today, CNA declared a $0.75 per share special dividend and a regular quarterly dividend of $0.38 per share up a penny from $0.37. Combining the two, Loews will receive $275 million in dividends from CNA this quarter as well as the $199 million received from Altium last week. We repurchased 5.8 million shares in the fourth quarter for $244 million and 22 million shares during the full year for $917 million. Since year-end, we have repurchased an additional 2.2 million shares for a total of $100 million. I will now hand the call back to Mary.
A - Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, David. Moving on to the Q&A portion of the call. We have a number of questions from shareholders. Every quarter we encourage shareholders to send us questions in advance that they would like us to answer on our earnings call. Our first question is for Jim. And it's a topic that it is always of interest to Loews' shareholders. Jim, can you walk us through how you think of intrinsic value?
Jim Tisch: Sure. So, one of the good things about getting the questions in advance is, I can prepare thoughtful and detailed answers, as I have especially on this one. So, we assess Loews' some of the parts value based on our view of the intrinsic value of each of our subsidiaries. Intrinsic value is our view of what our subsidiaries are worth based on our medium to long range outlook. And the valuation can and often does differ from the current market value of those enterprises. Our outlook for each subsidiaries is informed by our view of the industry in which it operates and the competitive strengths and weaknesses of our subsidiaries. So, let's take a look at these subsidiary by subsidiary. Starting with CNA. The primary indicators that we look at our core earnings, the combined ratio, we look at earnings per share, dividend capacity, pricing, and loss trends. Based on these metrics, we believe CAN is undervalued compared to its peers and even more so compared to the overall markets. We are bullish on the commercially property and casualty insurance industry, and we also believe that CNA will be able to continue to take advantage of the current hard market. For Boardwalk, the factors that we consider for assessing intrinsic value are EBITDA, free cash flow, natural gas volumes, regulatory environment, industrial demand for both gas and gas liquids, the revenue backlog, organic growth potential along with several other measures and characteristics. We're positive on the natural gas industry and believe the gas will be an important transition fuel for a greener economy. When we think about Loews Hotels, we consider adjusted EBITDA, cash flow, comparable asset valuations and occupancy and room rates. Loews Hotels has a unique business model since it's both an owner and an operator of its hotel properties. This differentiator has enabled Loews Hotels to successfully compete for attractive projects over demand, near demand generators such as Orlando, Arlington, Texas. Although the hotel industry has been hard hit by COVID, we believe that Loews Hotels is uniquely positioned to succeed in a post-COVID world. And finally for Altium, we primarily look at organic volume growth, EBITDA and cash flow as well as the Company's ability to make accretive acquisitions in diversified end-markets. Since we purchased Altium, the Company has made seven accretive acquisitions of compelling multiples that have diversified our businesses into higher growth end-markets such as pharma. These factors are just the beginning of how we come to our assessment of each of our subsidiaries intrinsic value. Additionally, we assess the businesses, management teams, the Company's competitive position within its industry, and the long-term outlook for each of those industry.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim. Next question is on CNA's dividend. Jim, CNA's special dividend has been $2 for the last few years compared to the $0.75 special dividend declared today. Can you comment on the change?
Jim Tisch: Sure. So, I think the Board made the right call here. CNA's board declared a $0.75 special dividend and increased its common dividend by $0.01 to $0.38 per share. The increase in the common dividend is reflected of the CNA Board's confidence in the Company's ongoing operational improvements. The reduction in the special dividends reflects events of 2020 that reduced CNA's earnings. 2020 was a terrible year for the insurance industry. With the impact of COVID, hurricanes, with civil unrest, the industry experienced unprecedented cat losses. In spite of all that though, CNA came through the year very well. One of our highest priorities is for CNA to retain its rock-solid capital position. Heading into 2021, we think that CNA is setting up for a very good year. Operationally and financially, CNA ended 2020 very strong with the continuing hard market. Rate increases are robust, retentions are good, and there's solid new business generation. All this points to 2021 being a much more successful year for CNA than 2020.
Mary Skafidas: The next question is on capital allocation. Jim, you touched on this in your prepared remarks, but can you comment about how you're thinking about capital allocation at Loews going forward?
Jim Tisch: Sure. So when we think about how to best allocate capital, we traditionally think of it in four ways. And I think many people on the call have heard this before. We can invest in our existing subsidiaries. We can make an acquisition. We can repurchase our shares or as I like to say if there is nothing to do, we can do nothing. With our stock trading considerably below our view of its intrinsic value, share repurchases have been almost compelling capital allocation option. As I said in my remarks, our decision to buyback stock has not come at the expense of investing in any of our subsidiaries. For example, we've provided capital to Loews Hotels to help it write out the effects of COVID on its business. Our three other subsidiaries CNA, Boardwalk, and Altium Package have not recently required parent company capital, and in fact they've returned capital to the parent company. In terms of adding a new subsidiary, I think valuations are still too damn high. When buying a new business, there's no amount of due diligence that we can do that will result in the same knowledge that we have of our own businesses, and considering where valuations are today when you compare allocating capital towards a new business with buying in shares when our stock is trading so far below our view of its intrinsic value, well, it's really a no-brainer. When we think about allocating capital, we really think of it from the perspective of a shareholder. After all, management's interests are totally aligned with those of our shareholders since senior management has significant shareholdings and the Tisch family overall owns about one-third of the Company.
Mary Skafidas: Okay, thank you. The next question is for David and is on Loews Hotel. David, can you give us an update on the impact of COVID-19 on the subsidiary?
David Edelson: Sure, Mary. Happy to. The economic aftershocks of the pandemic have caused revenue of Loews Hotels to decline precipitously. Both Jim and I mentioned that in our prepared remarks. If one looks just at the last three quarters of 2020, operating revenue was down 86% from 2019. The three main drivers of Loews Hotels business, leisure travel, business travel and group meetings were all stopped in their tracks by COVID. Leisure travel is slowly returning mainly in drive-in markets for our resort properties. Loews Hotels responded to the sudden downturn by temporarily suspending operations at all four of its properties and taking tough actions to reduce property level and management Company expenses. Early on, the hotel company established programs to assist its affected team members, including a multimillion-dollar relief fund, and continuing to provide medical insurance benefits for furloughed team members for extended timeframes. Additionally, in solidarity with Loews Hotels team members, the three members of our Office of the President Jim, Jon and Andrew Tisch reduced their 2020 salaries by 50% and their 2020 bonuses by the same amount. As properties began resuming operations in May, the Company put in place significantly enhanced safety and well-being standards and protocols for team members and guests. Now let me comment on the hotel company's cash flow. On our first quarter earnings call, I noted that as long as operations, we're almost completely suspended. The hotel company would likely have negative cash flow of about $25 million monthly. I also noted that management intended to reopen properties only when doing so improved earnings and cash flow. As anticipated, cash flow has improved as properties have resumed operations, expenses have been aggressively managed and capital spending has been rightsized. Today 22 out of 27 properties are operating albeit at depressed occupancy rates. The Company continues to generate negative cash flow, although significantly better than the $25 million per month sited in early May. During 2020, the Loews parent company contributed $151 million of cash to Loews Hotels to fund working capital and other capital needs. We will contribute cash again in '21 for working capital to fund operations. Although, we expect such amounts to be less than in 2020. Because of the Company's improved cash flow, we also expect the contributions to be skewed towards the first half of the year. One last note. If financially attractive hotel development opportunities surfaced in 2021, we would certainly consider helping Loews Hotels fund them. Back to you, Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. Jim, going back to CNA for a moment. Loews manages CNA's portfolio. Can you talk a little bit about your philosophical approach to managing this portfolio?
Jim Tisch: Sure. At year-end 2020, the CNA portfolio had a market value of about $50 billion. It had an average credit rating of A and had net unrealized gain of about $5.7 billion. Additionally 89% of the portfolio is made up of fixed maturity securities and 94% of CNA's fixed maturity securities are investment grade. Loews maintains high coordination with CNA to align the management of the portfolio to CNA's broader strategy. Managing the investment portfolio internally rather than outsourcing its management gives us a better ability to act on dislocations in markets when they occur. Additionally, we can carefully focus on objectives and constraints including managing portfolio book yield as well as capital considerations. Almost every year we have met objectives as agreed upon with CNA with a focus on stability of income as well as outperforming indices across broad asset classes. Our goal is to create stable and growing investment income throughout a balanced risk return approach. We don't focus on hitting home runs. Our approach is more like Moneyball. We hit a lot of singles and don't strike out very often. We try to be opportunistic in the face of market volatility and fluctuations, seeking assets that fit within our risk profile. In the beginning of 2020, we took advantage of market dislocations to reallocate assets into corporate high grade securities when they were trading at a relatively widespread. In the spring of 2020, the muni market had a dislocation that lasted about a week or so, but we were able to actually put a lot of money into work and it paid off for CNA by being so quick on the trigger there. We have built parameters around volatility and risk with a focus on consistent returns. For example, we maintain single issue position limits by rating, which generally speaking keep us from being hurt by surprises in the credit world. These credit limits result in a diversified portfolio that has served CNA very well. I also want to comment briefly on the short squeeze of game stock and other stocks that resulted in losses for several hedge funds. In late 2018, we began to rebalance CNA's alternatives portfolio meaningfully reducing hedge fund investments. Over the last three years, CNA has reduced its investments in hedge funds by half and as of year-end 2020, the portfolio only had about $800 million invested in hedge funds. We expect these funds to report normal January returns.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim. David question on Boardwalk. What is the step [ph] of the shareholder litigation related to the purchase of the units previously owned by Loews?
David Edelson: Mary, the litigation is ongoing. Trial date in the Delaware Court of Chancery has been scheduled for late this month. Beyond that, we really can't comment.
Mary Skafidas: Okay. Thank you, David. Next one is also for you came in early this morning. Can you bring us up-to-date on Altium Packaging including the recent recapitalization?
David Edelson: Sure. Altium had an excellent year with record operating revenues of more than $1 billion, up almost 10% from 2019. The revenue increase came from several areas, mainly the full year impact of 2019 acquisitions, including Altium Healthcare. Stellar performance from the recycled plastics business, organic volume growth and new business and higher year-over-year resin prices passed through to customers on a lagged basis. The Company also posted record EBITDA and cash flow. When we acquired what was then Consolidated Container in 2017, a key plank of our thesis related to tuck-in acquisitions. We saw fragmented industry, numerous targets, and the opportunity for purchasing and expense synergies. In November, Altium completed its seventh acquisition under our ownership. A privately held company specializing in the blow molding of industrial containers. This acquisition had only a small impact on 2020 revenue, but will benefit all of 2021. Acquisitions completed in 2019 accounted for about 70% of Altium's 2020 revenue growth. Altium Healthcare, the company's pharmaceutical packaging business acquired in June of 2019 led the charge. Altium continues to look for accretive tuck-in acquisitions to add further scale and diversification. Altium had record new business awards in 2020 as the company's reputation for reliability, innovation, and customer service continued to differentiate Altium in the market. This new business will mainly benefit revenue in 2021 and beyond. Envision the Company's recycled plastics arm had its best performance in 2020 since Altium acquired the business in 2014. Demand for recycled plastic has been robust as Altium's end markets focus more and more on sustainability. In January, Altium recapitalized its debt structure, replacing its roughly $850 million of debt with a new $1.05 billion seven-year term loan. The deal price strongly at LIBOR plus 275 with a 50 basis point LIBOR floor. The recapitalization raises Altium's interest expense only very slightly and should not impair its ability to grow organically or execute tuck-in deals. Altium's key bank credit ratios are essentially in line with or slightly better than they were when Loews acquired the company. Loews received $199 million dividend last week out of the excess proceeds representing the return of about one-third of our initial equity investment. We posted on our website this morning, the lender presentation used in conjunction with Altium's term loan financing. The presentation includes both business and financial information about the Company and we hope you find it helpful. Thanks, Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, David. Our last question is for Jim. More of a big picture question. Jim, how do you think the Biden administration will affect Loews and its businesses going forward?
David Edelson: So we're looking at how the new administration will handle a number of issues over the long term. First off, the administration's climate agenda has created some new risks for the natural gas sector by implementing a pause on new natural gas leases on federal lands and also on offshore waters. In my view, natural gas is an important transition fuel to cleaner energy in the US and it is also a growing export opportunity to help the rest of the world meet their similar climate change goals. The recent executive orders, in my mind, are troubling sign of new federal restrictions that may make it more difficult to access this plentiful American resource. Additionally, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission that regulates Boardwalk is changing. While it's too early to know exactly what impact these changes will be, will have, we believe that there will continue to be increased pressure on the industry's ability to build pipelines. However, the administration is focused on the environment could be beneficial for Envision, Altium's Packaging, Recycled Resin business as well as for Dura-Lite, the plastic packaging Altium has designed that uses significantly less resin without compromising the strength of the container. Certainly, the Biden administration's focus on stemming the tide of the virus should be beneficial to Loews Hotels and help increase demand for the travel and tourism industry. While our largest subsidiary CNA is mostly regulated through the stage, the new administration and Congress pose some policy challenges and opportunities. For example, changes to the corporate tax code would affect Loews and our subsidiaries, but such changes aren't expected until later in the year when there is more evidence of economic recovery. And from what we understand corporate taxes probably will not go back to their pre-2017 levels. We're going to continue to watch these issues as they develop. It's only been a few weeks now and we've just got to wait and see what happens.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim, and thank you, David. That concludes the Loews call for today. As always, we thank you for your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at mskafidas@loews.com. A replay will be available on our website loews.com in approximately two hours. You may disconnect.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-02 09:40:00) =====
Disclaimer: *NEW* We are providing this transcript version in a raw, machine-assisted format and it is unaudited. Please reference the audio for any questions on the content. A standard transcript will be available later on the site per our normal procedure. Please enjoy this timely version in the interim.:
Operator: [00:00:00] Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Loews corporation third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen only mode. And the forum will be open for your questions following the presentation. If you would like to ask a question at that time, please press star one on your touchtone phone. If at any point your question has been answered, you may remove yourself from the queue by pressing the pound key. If you should require operator assistance, please. Press Star zero. Oh, now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, vice president of investor relations and corporate communications for Lowe's.
Mary Skafidas: [00:00:43] Thank you, Laurie, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to News Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be sound on our website. Lows dotcom on the call this morning, we have our chief executive officer, Jim Tisch, and our chief financial officer, David Edelstein, following our prepared remarks. We will have a question and answer session with questions from shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements. This disclaimers only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward looking statements, disclaimers which is included in the company's filings with the FCC during the call today. We might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable gap measures. There has been a slight modification to our earnings call format that was made in response to shareholder feedback. For a number of years now, we have taken questions from shareholders on an earnings call, either by incorporating the answers into our prepared remarks or answering them directly during our Q&A session. Recently, we've heard from shareholders that they prefer that we answer questions in the Q&A portion of the call instead of moving them into the prepared remarks. And we're happy to comply with this request. As a result, we will have a longer Q&A session. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our CEO, Jim. Jim, over to.
Jim Tisch: [00:02:43] Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Let me start by focusing on capital allocation, specifically share buybacks. During our second quarter conference call, I emphatically stated my strong belief that the market was significantly undervaluing the shares. I also stated that while those plans to maintain a substantial liquidity position as our rainy day fund, we also would take advantage of the market's discount and continue to buy back our stock during the third quarter. We did just that, purchasing over five point four million shares of loans for about one hundred ninety five million dollars, while preserving ample liquidity and ending the quarter with about three and a half billion dollars in cash and investments. Maintaining high levels of liquidity is fundamental to our business model because it lets us both capture opportunity and withstand uncertainty and it's like any portfolio manager. We have to balance, retaining our liquidity with taking advantage of investment opportunities as they arise. Buying back shares is one of Lowes three capital allocation tools, with the other two being investing in our subsidiaries and buying another business with our stock trading considerably below our view of its intrinsic value, share repurchases have recently been our most attractive capital allocation option. That being said, our decision to buy back stock has not come at the expense of any of our subsidiaries. For example, we have provided capital to Lowes Hotels to help but ride out the effects of cozied on the hospitality industry. [00:04:33] All three other subsidiaries, you know, Boardwalk and Altium and Packaging have not recently required parent company capital. Instead, Boardwalk and Altium have largely used their free cash flow to finance growth opportunities. And CNN has chosen to pay dividends since it hasn't had a need for additional capital, as Mary mentioned during the Q&A. We will be discussing topics submitted by our shareholders. However, I did want to highlight two key items up front CNN long term care business and the situation that most hotels. Starting with CNN before he got into long term care, let me emphasize that CNN is under the underlying property casualty underwriting performance for the quarter was stellar. The company had an underlying combined ratio of ninety two point six, compared with ninety four point six in last year's third quarter due to improve loss and expense ratios. Property and casualty pricing momentum continues with rates increasing over 12 percent in the third quarter, compared to an increase of just under six percent for the same period last year. With respect to long term care, my guess is that is long term care exposure is a significant reason why CNN's valuation wise, its peers. We are closer comfortable with the reserves that CNN has set up for long term care. The company has been proactive in managing the long term care business and prudent in their approach to setting LTC reserves. [00:06:21] In the third quarter, FEMA took an LTC net reserve charge of thirty seven million dollars before tax, comprising a 74 million dollar active life reserve deficiency offset by a thirty seven million dollar claim reserve release. The active life reserve deficiency resulted from the continued low interest rate environment and its impact on future assumed reimbursement rates. In my opinion. CNN is taking a conservative view on future interest rates, which hopefully means that they will not have to adjust for lower interest rates again going forward. Since the end of 2015, Sienna's overall exposure to long term care has been reduced by 31 percent, with the number of active policies declining from four hundred and nineteen thousand to two hundred and eighty eight thousand. So why are we so confident in Sienna's management of long term care, even in the face of the market skepticism? Because we know that over the past seven years, CNN has been laser focused and immersed in their long term care book of business. For the six years prior to becoming Funi, chief financial officer, Amaral's was head of long term care at the company and did an outstanding job mitigating the LTC risk for CMA. And the team in place today continues to do so. CNN has managed more than 100000 long term care claims today, providing CNN with reliable claims experience across all policy types and age cohorts. [00:08:10] CNA reviews its long term care reserves in the third quarter of every year, and they post significant information regarding their review on the CNN website. If you have not already done so, please take a look at the information that they make available. Now for the second topic, I want to cover those hotels. The fallout from the current pandemic continues to negatively affect the travel and tourism industry, and Loews Hotels is no exception. We believe and hope that the second quarter was a bottom for the hotel industry and we have seen business pick up and Loews Hotels since then, while occupancy rates are still low by any historical standard. Twenty one of those hotels, twenty seven properties had resumed operations by the end of the third quarter. The resumption of operations, combined with significant expense controls enacted by Loews Hotels Management, have improved the company's cash flow situation. When the pandemic struck and Loews Hotels substantially suspended operations, we estimated that the company would generate negative cash flow of approximately twenty five million dollars per month while still negative. Those hotels with cash flow is much improved going forward. We do not expect Loews Hotels as cash needs to be material to those corporations balance sheet. And with that, let me turn the call over to David.
David Edelson: [00:09:50] Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the third quarter, Lowe's reported net income of one hundred and thirty nine million, or 50 cents per share, up from seventy seventy two million or twenty four cents per share in last year's third quarter. The quarterly increase was driven by Sant, whose net income contribution doubled to one hundred and ninety two million. Let me provide some brief highlights on Sienna's quarter for more details. We encourage you to review the transcript from the company's investor call earlier this morning. The year over year earnings increase that Seanna was driven by two main factors. One, lower net reserve charges, Encinas life and group business associated with the long term care and structured settlement businesses and to higher net investment income and net investment gains. As Jim mentioned, Sienna's core property casualty business posted robust premium growth and strong underlying profitability in the quarter. However, total PNC underwriting results declined from Q3 2019 because of higher weather related catastrophe losses. [00:11:08] Catastrophe losses for the entire U.S. property casualty industry were elevated during the quarter led by three hurricanes. And the Midwest during the Western wildfires were also an industry event, but had little impact on CNN. Before leaving Sant, I would draw your attention to the company's rock solid investment portfolio, which at quarter end had a market value of forty nine billion, an average credit rating of single AA and a net unrealized gain of five billion dollars. About 94 percent of CNN fixed maturity investment portfolio is investment grade. [00:11:52] Again, please see CNRS transcript and shareholder materials for more details. Even though Diamond Offshore ceased being a consolidated subsidiary of Lowe's in this year's second quarter, it helped drive our third quarter year over year earnings increase during last year's third quarter. Diamond contributed a net loss of forty eight million, while this year Diamond's results were no longer included in our consolidated net income. Let me now turn to our wholly owned subsidiaries, Boardwalk, those hotels and Altium packaging. Boardwalk's net income contribution decline declined from twenty nine million in the prior year to 20 million. The company generated quarterly EBITDA of one hundred and sixty seven million versus one hundred and seventy five million last year. Net operating revenues were down, slightly expiring, natural gas transportation contracts were recontracted at lower rates, which was expected and planned for revenues from growth projects recently placed in service together with storage and parking and lending revenues offset much, but not all of the decline. As a reminder, Boardwalk has experienced contract expirations and restructurings over the past two years related to pipelines placed into service 10 to 12 years ago, this recontracting activity essentially concluded by year end twenty nineteen. Boardwalk's increased asset base from its growth projects led to an increase in expenses, especially higher depreciation and property taxes. Additionally, the expiration of property tax abatements contributed to the year over year increase in expenses. [00:13:52] Despite the covid-19 pandemic and significant hurricane activity along the Gulf Coast, boardwalk's operations were minimally disrupted during the quarter and the overall financial impact was negligible. The hurricanes and resulting power disruptions did impact certain customers, but the revenue impact of these disruptions on Boardwalk was immaterial. Let me highlight that both CNN and Boardwalk took advantage of the robust fixed income market in Q3 to raise money at attractive rates. Both companies issued 500 million of 10 year notes, with Sienna's yielding 2.8 percent and Boardwalk's three four one percent. Both deals were vastly oversubscribed and reflected investors confidence in their respective credit. Jim already spoke about Loews Hotel, so I will be brief. The business reported a net loss of 47 million in the quarter, excluding unusual items. The net loss was fifty five million adjusted EBITDA, which excludes unusual items and includes Loews Hotels. Pro rata share of it in properties was a loss of 38 million. Loews Hotels Management is focused on two interrelated objectives, one, reducing the cash flow drag and two, resuming operations judiciously and effectively. The company has aggressively reduced expenses, rightsize its capital, spend and worked with lenders to defer interest in principal pay downs. It is reopening properties when management projects that doing so will improve cash flow. As Jim mentioned, we believe that those hotels turn the corner in Q2 and is on an upward trajectory, the average monthly cash flow drag is well below the 25 million we estimated during our Q1 earnings call. [00:16:01] The exact timing of a return to profitability and positive operating cash flow, however, depends on the overall travel environment. But we believe those hotels properties such as those in Orlando, Arlington, Texas and Miami Beach are especially well positioned to participate in the travel upswing that has already begun. Altium packaging, which is included in corporate another, had another good quarter demand for the company's products continue to be strong overall, higher on covid-19 related product segments such as household chemicals, beverages and personal care, and somewhat weaker in segments such as automotive, commercial foodservice and school dairy. Moreover, Invision, which is the company's recycling business, has been experiencing its best performance since it was acquired by Altium in 2014, driving this performance has been stronger demand for recycled plastic, also known as post consumer resin. Altium contributed a slight net loss despite its robust EBITDA. I would highlight three factors depressing net income, one significant depreciation and amortization expense attributable to the company's recent acquisitions to accelerated amortization of the consolidated container trade name, which will be fully amortized by the end of the year. And three the effect of rising resin prices in Q3. Since there is a contractual lag in old Sam's ability to pass through these costs to customers, the company absorbed the cost in the quarter without recognizing the offsetting revenue. [00:17:56] This large is temporary and will reverse as the costs are passed through to customers. All teams focus on new businesses bearing fruit and should benefit results in future periods. The company has been very successful over the past months in gaining new accounts by demonstrating reliability, continued and innovation and customer focus during this difficult covid period. Turning to the parent company, pretax net investment income was twenty three million, down from thirty six million last year and 110 million last quarter. The year over year and linked quarter declines were driven by returns on equities and LP investments. During Q3 2020, we received 90 million in dividends from CNN. We expect to receive dividends from both Seanna and Boardwalk during the fourth quarter. We repurchased five point four million shares of Loews Common stock during the quarter at an aggregate cost of one hundred and ninety five million. We purchased an additional six hundred and sixty seven thousand shares since quarter end. Those ended the quarter with three and a half billion in parent company cash investments with cash and equivalents accounting for over 80 percent of the portfolio. Let me now turn the call back to Mary Skafidas.
A - Mary Skafidas: [00:19:28] Thank you, David. Let's move on to the Q&A section of the call. We have a number of questions to respond to from shareholders. The first one is from for Jim. Jim, have you considered buying in the outstanding shares of CNN to take advantage of the discount in stock?
Jim Tisch: [00:19:50] So what was this always believed by having a public valuation marker for Ciena? It's really important, especially to our shareholders, on a very rough basis. CNN comprises about half of the value of loans, with the other half being our net cash. The are our assessment of the value of Boardwalk of Altium and our total business impact and maybe even beyond just being a marker. There are other reasons to keep CNN as a public company first, and being public is important to attracting top talent the top executives want and top executives in any company want at least a portion of their compensation to be based on the performance of the shares of their company and by being public and able is to provide that incentive to its top talent. Secondly, we think this is very important. The transparency that comes from being public is important to Sienna's regulators as well as the rating agencies. As everybody knows, I think the TNA trades at a ridiculously low valuation, and yet the P and C industry stocks likewise traded a crazy valuation. And finally, our share repurchases of low stock allows us to take advantage of the discount valuation that CNN is trading at, as well as the discount in those shares for its non C.M.A assets. Not our job, but to what we like to call a very significant double discount in our share repurchases.
Mary Skafidas: [00:21:48] Great, thank you, Jim. The next question has to do with the exceptional year for catastrophe losses in the insurance business. Jim, would you please discuss housing and the insurance industry are managing through these challenges?
Jim Tisch: [00:22:04] Well, Mary, you're certainly right, this has certainly been a banner year for cats and cat losses, not only for CNN but for the industry overall. There have been only four quarters over the past 40, 40 quarters where CNN has experienced net cuts coming in at or above one hundred and sixty million dollars, and two of those four quarters over the past 10 years occurred in 2020. FEMA through the through the third quarter are pretax cut losses were more than five hundred and thirty dollars million compared to just one hundred twenty eight million dollars last year. Even if you exclude the losses from covid and from civil unrest, which were roughly about two hundred and fifty million dollars, Sienna's year to date cut losses would still be running at more than twice last year's level and of course, well ahead of their plan. But despite these, these are really exceptional events and catastrophes, I'm impressed by how the PMC industry and also CNN are managing through it all. If someone had told me in January that 2020 would be filled with storms, fires, civil unrest and the pandemic, I would have told you that CNN would have a miserable year as a result. However, despite this litany of events, CNN is still quite profitable, with 400 million dollars of corporate income and 300 million dollars of net income through the third quarter. [00:23:54] And it continues to find profitable avenues for growth all the more so thanks to the hard rate market that the insurance industry is currently experiencing. Count losses come with the territory in the property tax to industry, and we believe that CMA is effectively managing its current exposure while also getting strong rate increases on CAD exposed businesses. So let me end this by adding one stray thought, the insurance industry has not hasn't always been financially prudent, and this is the advantage of being associated with a particular industry for over 40 years. I have a little historical perspective here. There were years back in the 70s, 80s and 90s when the industry did not have true capital discipline and they would write business at just about any price. Today, the industry is reacting to catastrophic events and low interest rates by getting rate increases where they are justified. In my view, this change is a result of an increased demand from equity investors for profitability, which has led to insurance manager management's increased focus on capital efficiency.
Mary Skafidas: [00:25:27] Great, thank you, Jim. Next question also has to do with DNA focusing on seniors long term business, Jim. Could you tell us if you your assessment of seniors, long term care business and the risks that it poses to CMA antelopes?
Jim Tisch: [00:25:45] Sure, as I said in my prepared remarks, CNN is long term care exposure is likely the biggest reason why CNN's valuation lags its peers. And as I also said, for the past seven years, CNN has been actively managing its long term care book of business in order to reduce risk and also in order to optimize results. Since 2015, Sienna's exposure to long term care has been materially reduced with the number of active policies declining by over 30 percent. Additionally, over the past few years, CNN has been able to further reduce its risk profile of its long term care block of business by achieving meaningful premium rate increases and also offering policyholders attractive options to reduce benefits in return for reduced future premiums being over Bustillo. Now, Moralez, on their call today focused on long term care. And I suggest that everyone review their remarks and look at the significant information on long term care that's posted on Sienna's website. Let me make two additional comments on the net reserve charge that CNN took in the third quarter. First, and really very significantly, a thirty seven million dollar net charge on a block this size is actually quite modest. And secondly, the charge was attributable to the historically low level of interest rates that we're currently experiencing with these latest estimated changes going forward. CNN is assuming that a 10 year Treasury note will trade at slightly over one percent three years from now and likely likewise in 2013. CNN is assuming that the 10 year note will yield what historically is a paltry two and three quarter percent, in my opinion. FEMA is taking a very, very conservative view on future interest rates, which hopefully means that they won't have to adjust for lower interest rates again going forward.
Mary Skafidas: [00:28:17] Thank you, Jim. The next question also staying on the CNN topic, dazzlers expect to get a special dividend from CNN.
Jim Tisch: [00:28:28] So we still have a quarter to go in 2020. So it's really too early to be making any specific comments about whether or not CNN will pay a special dividend. It's been an extraordinary year for cattle losses, that's for sure. I can't speak for the CNN board, which hasn't had a discussion about special dividends. And we still have four months to go until the board actually makes a decision on special dividend. So I guess we'll just have to wait and see what happens.
Mary Skafidas: [00:29:07] Ok, we're switching to Boardwalk, the shareholder would like to know our growth projects slowing in the midstream space. Can you comment on that, Jim?
Jim Tisch: [00:29:20] Yeah, from everything the boardwalk is saying, it's very likely that there will be a slowdown. In fact, I would say we're in the middle of a slowdown for larger scale projects because our customers are moving out their final investment decisions. However, Boardwalk expects to continue seeing smaller growth opportunities with power and industrial customers, primarily due to a boardwalk pipeline's proximity to some of our industrial gas customers.
Mary Skafidas: [00:30:03] Thank you. The next question is for David. David, there have been several recent bankruptcies of exploration production companies. Can you please comment on the financial strength of Boardwalk's customers?
David Edelson: [00:30:16] Sure. Mary, thanks. Over the past several years, Boardwalk has focused on diversifying its customer base to include more end users such as power plants, industrial customers and LNG off takers, a strategy that proved beneficial this year. By diversifying in this way, Boardwalk's has been able to strengthen the overall credit profile of its customer base. More than 70 percent of boardwalk's revenue backlog is derived from investment grade companies and boardwalk at letters of credit or other types of collateral from some of its customers that are not investment grade or are unrated, which provide an additional measure of security. In 2020 and this year, one of Boardwalk's customers declared bankruptcy and another seems to be on the verge because of the credit protections in place for these customers and importantly, the ability to remarket any return capacity. These bankruptcies will not have a material financial impact on the company. Stepping back since the pandemic hit in mid-March, Boardwalk has maintained uninterrupted service to its customers while simultaneously taking measures to ensure the safety of its employees and its operations. At the end of the third quarter, Boardwalk had well over nine billion in contracted revenues, with over 600 million of net new contracts added to backlog during 2020.
Mary Skafidas: [00:32:04] Right, we have another question for our CFO, David. Can you provide an update on the cash needs of those hotels?
David Edelson: [00:32:13] Absolutely. And Jim already commented on it. But let me just provide a little more detail. When Lozado suspended operations at almost all its properties in the early spring. We estimated that negative cash flow would average around 25 million per month. We went on to say that Masra would reopen a property if doing so was expected to improve that property's cash flow. [00:32:44] Loews Hotels has responded to the pandemic induced sudden downturn by transforming its operating model, including dramatically reducing property level and management company expenses. As we all know, properties began coming back online during the second quarter. 13 properties resumed operations during Q2, another six during Q3 and one more hotel last week. As anticipated, Loews Hotels cash flow has improved as properties have resumed, operations expenses have been managed aggressively and capital spending has been right sized for the current environment. While the company continues to generate negative cash flow, it is significantly less than the 25 million per month cited in April. I'd be remiss in not mentioning how difficult the past eight months have been for those hotels, team members, thousands of employees were furloughed when the pandemic struck and less than half of the furloughed team members have returned to active duty. Early on, those hotels put programs in place to assist this affected team members, including a multi-million dollar relief fund as well as King, as well as continuing to provide medical insurance for furloughed employees for several months. Additionally, Loews Hotels has instituted enhanced safety and well-being standards and protocols for team members and guests. And as a reminder, in solidarity with all those hotels, team members being financially impacted by this crisis, all three members of our office of the president, Jim, John and Andrew Tisch, reduced their salaries by 50 percent as of April 1st and their bonuses by 50 percent for the entire year. Back to you, Mary.
Mary Skafidas: [00:34:51] Thank you, David. Staying with those hotels, Jim, this next question is for you. It's about hotels looking to buy or sell any hotels and how had covid impacted its development projects?
Jim Tisch: [00:35:05] So first, let me talk about those hotels with long term growth strategy. The company, as we've said before, is focused on growth in two ways. The first one, by investing in and developing hotels with built in demand drivers like it has done so successfully with Universal Studios and also in Arlington, Texas. And secondly, the company is focused on developing and operating hotels for the group business while the hotel recovery is currently powered by leisure travel. We really do believe that the corporate travel, along with meetings and events, will come back as a pandemic wave. But before the pandemic hits, most hotels have begun to evaluate their portfolio and to sell a few hotels that didn't align with the current growth strategy. And they continue to do so opportunistically, including one hotel that was sold earlier this year in Canada. At the start of this year, those hotels had three projects under development and scheduled for opening this week, this year. Two of those hotels, the line by Loews in St. Louis and the Kansas City Hotel have already opened in. The hotels are doing just fine in light of the current environment for hotels. The third hotel under development is the 2000 room and summer dockside in Suites, which is located in Universal Universal's Orlando theme park. This property is in the final stage of development and its opening date will be announced very soon. The hotel will be our Ace Hotel on the universal campus, and we'll bring our Universal Room down to nearly 9000 rooms or just about half of the total rooms in the Rose Hotel system alone. Hotels, they continue to remain focused on its strategy of developing hotels in markets that have unique built in demand generators and potential for group business.
Mary Skafidas: [00:37:41] Thank you, Jim. The next one is for you as well. Can you please comment on when you expect to see the hotel industry recover from the effects of the pandemic with Lozes? Would Loews Hotels this recovery lead or lag the industry's recovery?
Jim Tisch: [00:37:57] And I'm reminded of the old saying he who lives by the crystal ball, the fall to the ground glass, but all Sally forth anyway. Industry analysts believe that a full recovery is anywhere from two to five years in the future. But the truth is, a recovery in hospitality is highly dependent upon how and when the pandemic is contained at the end of the third quarter. As we said before, Loews Hotels had 21 hotels that had already resumed operations. Although there's been a steady increase in demand, occupancy rates still remain considerably below historic Norm. That's really important. Occupancy rates are still below historic norms. The recovery is currently being led by Lesia business and more than half of Loews Hotels assets that well into that category, such as our properties, the Universal Orlando campus, as well as other assets like the Lowes Miami Beach Hotel and a lot of biros in Arlington, Texas, which just hosted the World Series. We're seeing, in fact, a lot more driving business than we really ever seen before. Urban center properties are still lagging due to a reduction in corporate travel, but we believe a lot of hotels, properties with unique demand generators will recover more quickly than our urban properties.
Mary Skafidas: [00:39:39] Ok, thank you, Jim. And our last question is for David. David, how has covid-19 affected your packaging business? Altium, can you please give us an update?
David Edelson: [00:39:50] Sure. I mentioned this in my remarks, but let me go over it again. Demand for the company's products has been strong overall. There are certain products that benefited from covid actually product segments such as household chemicals, beverages and personal care. And there were others that were somewhat weakened by covid. Those would include automotive, commercial foodservice and school dairy, although I would point out that the weaker segments began to rebound in the third quarter. Two bright spots this year for Altium, our Invision, the company's recycling business, and Altium health care, a business created from recent acquisitions that diversifies Altmans with a growing pharmaceutical packaging market. And as I mentioned earlier, Invision has been experiencing its best performance since 2014. And as for Altium health care, it's exceeding expectations due to strong synergies, as well as continued progress on operational efficiencies and other savings initiatives. As a result, Altium health care is ahead of plan for the year despite covid-19. So I would say net. The company's overall results are running modestly above plan, a plan that was finalized pre pandemic. And I would go on to say that commercially, all Temes new business efforts have been very successful over the past few months. I think the company is winning new accounts by differentiating itself, by demonstrating reliability, continued innovation and customer focus during this difficult covid period. So we hope that this focus on new business in the new business wins should benefit financial results in future periods. Back to you, Mary.
Mary Skafidas: [00:41:57] Thanks, David. Thank you, David and Jim, this concludes the close call. As always, thanks to all of you for your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at M Scafidi settler's dot com. A replay will be available on our website WLOS dot com in approximately two hours. Over to you to and the call.
Operator: [00:42:21] Thank you for participating in the Loews Corporation, third quarter, 2020 earnings conference call you now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Loews Corporations Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas to begin. Please go ahead, maam.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone. And as Maria said, welcome to Loews Corporations second quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview maybe found on our website, loews.com. On this call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session from that has questions from our shareholders. Before we begin however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the companys filings with the SEC. During the call today, you may also discuss  we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson, will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. But before he does, Jim Tisch, CEO will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary and good morning everyone. Rather than get into specifics about the quarter, I want to use this call today as an opportunity to get something off my chest. I am beyond frustrated with where the low  where the stock market has been pricing Loews and CNA and I cant believe how undervalued the stocks are. Loews market capitalization, as of this morning, is about $9.8 billion and our stake in CNA plus net cash alone, account for more than $9.4 billion of that number. That leaves the markets valuation of our non-publicly traded subsidiaries, Boardwalk, Loews Hotels and Altium at less than $500 million, which to my mind is patently absurd. I also think CANs value is patently absurd, but more on that later. Lets look at each of Loews privately held subsidiaries to see if I can demonstrate to you that collectively, they are worth dramatically more than $500 million. First, lets look at Boardwalk pipelines. In July of 2018, Loews purchased the outstanding common units of Boardwalk that we didnt already own for $1.5 billion, putting the total equity value of Loews ownership stake in Boardwalk at $3 billion. Keep in mind that Loews is in litigation over Boardwalk with a trial date set for January of 2021, so we cant get into too much detail. However, since the time of our purchase of Boardwalks remaining public float, nothing has occurred with the performance of the company that would lead us to reconsider that purchase. Boardwalk has successfully made it through the challenge of re-contracting and since going private has reinvested a majority of its distributable cash flow in order to reduce the risk and volatility of future earnings. And since July of 2018, EBITDA for the business is essentially flat despite the significant re-contracting headwinds the company has experienced. While future growth projects have become more difficult to complete in the current regulatory environment, Boardwalk benefits from its base of 14,000 miles of pipe in the ground. Boardwalk also benefits from stable fixed fee contracts. The company has over $9 billion of contractual backlog or 7x Boardwalks annual revenues. Essentially, I am comfortable with the guidance I gave last quarter for Boardwalk. The company is currently tracking slightly better than forecast for the first half of the year. Its flow volumes are up, the pipes are doing well and storage revenues are strong. At the end of 2020, Boardwalk should continue to have a debt to EBITDA ratio below 5x. For all the reasons Ive just outlined, I am very disappointed by the markets implied value of Boardwalk. Clearly, the company is worth much more than the market gives us credit for. Lets take a look at Loews Hotels. At the risk of stating the obvious, this year will be a washout for the entire hotel and travel industry and Loews Hotels is no exception to the rule. During my first quarter remarks, I made note of the fact that there were only 4 Loews Hotels open at the time. Today, many more of our hotels are operational, but occupancy rates remain abysmally low, especially for our properties located in city centers. Our resort hotels are doing a bit better, but since many of them are located in COVID hotspots, there is plenty of room for improvement. I believe that over time, whether through a vaccine or other mitigants, the travel industry will recover. And Loews Hotels will once again be a growth engine for Loews. One last thought on hotels. As I mentioned, the market currently values our privately held subsidiaries at about $500 million. We make available on the parent company website, Loews Hotels adjusted EBITDA and adjusted mortgage debt. When looking at these numbers, however, keep in mind that the hotel company has invested equity in projects that have recently opened or have yet to open and the true earning power of these hotels has never been reflected in Loews Hotels historical EBITDA. Its clear that even if you did a back of the envelope valuation for Loews Hotels, you would see that in any sort of hotel industry recovery, the equity we have in Loews Hotels would be measured in the billions of dollars. Before getting to CNA, let me address our privately held subsidiary Altium. Altium became a Loews subsidiary in 2017. At the time, Loews paid $1.2 billion for Altium, consisting of $600 million in equity and $600 million in subsidiary debt. When we acquired the company, Altiums net sales were about $800 million, now Altiums net sales have grown to about $1 billion, driven mostly by six accretive acquisitions funded with internally generated cash flow and additional debt at the subsidiary level. With everything we are seeing, we think this will be a good year for Altium as year-to-date organic EBITDA has grown by about 13% and total EBITDA has grown about 35%. Judging from the increase in sales and improved earnings, its clear that our equity value in Altium is worth more than what we paid for it a few years ago. After the survey of our privately held subsidiaries and the description of how we think about each of them, hopefully, you will understand why I feel the market is asleep at the switch when it comes to Loews stock. Last but certainly not least, I want to talk about our publicly held subsidiary, CNA. So far, I have focused my remarks on how wrong the market has been in valuing our privately held subsidiaries. But that doesnt mean the market has gotten CNA's valuation right. CNA trades at a substantial discount to its peers despite its stellar underwriting performance. And while CNA trades at a discount, I believe the commercial property and casualty insurance industry itself is undervalued by the market. While the S&P trades at around 20x next years earnings, the commercial P&C industry trades in the high single to low double-digits. And a show of support for CNA and its management team and to signal our displeasure with the markets valuation of the company, Loews bought about $0.5 million shares of CNA in the second quarter. And speaking of the second quarter, I want to take a moment to commend CNA's management team on delivering strong underlying results, especially considering the challenging economic environment. When you strip out all the noise in the quarter, the companys underlying combined ratio was 93.4%. CNA continues to benefit from a strong premium rate environment. Rates increased by 3 percentage points from the first quarter of 2020 to about 11% in the second quarter and the company is actively managing its long-term care business taking actions to reduce risk now and into the future. CNA's investment portfolio also had a good quarter, reflecting the markets rebound. The CNA investment portfolio had $4.4 billion in unrealized gains. At the end of the second quarter, the portfolio has bounced back nicely and its unrealized gain was near its prior high. The downside of such large unrealized gains is that the market yields are low. The yield on 10-year Treasury notes is currently below 60 basis points for entities like insurance companies that make money on float, such low rates can become a drag on earnings. All else being equal, a 100 basis point increase in market yields would reduce CNA's unrealized gains by about $2.7 billion. However, investment income would go up dramatically. In short, CNA would have lower unrealized gains or would have higher earnings in the intermediate to long-term. Finally, I want to talk about capital allocation at Loews. Over the last quarter, we bought a little under 1 million shares of Loews stock and as I mentioned, about 0.5 million shares of CNA. We bought the CNA shares because we wanted to send a signal to the market that we think the company is trading at too steep the discount, with over $3.6 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet. We are willing to continue to highlight how egregiously our shares and CNA's shares are being priced. That means that share repurchase purchases are certainly not off the table, but we wont be buying in shares at the pace set over the last 2 years. Right now, as we experienced so much uncertainty in the world and the financial markets, our focus is on maintaining a substantial cash position as our rainy day fund. At Loews, we are constantly reevaluating our capital allocation strategy and making adjustments accordingly. And 2020 is no different. And now, I would like to hand the call over to our CFO, David Edelson.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. For the second quarter, Loews reported a net loss of 835 million or $2.96 per share compared to net income of $249 million or $0.82 per share in last years second quarter. This years second quarter included a net investment loss related to the deconsolidation of Diamond Offshore caused by its bankruptcy filing in late April. This loss totaled $957 million after-tax. Two other items furthered the year over year decline, catastrophe losses at CNA and losses at Loews Hotels stemming from the severe impact of the pandemic on travel. On a positive note, CNA's underlying underwriting results were excellent. Investment results were favorable at both CNA and the parent company and operations at both Boardwalk Pipelines and Altium Packaging were strong. Before I jump into the quarter and the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, let me remind you what gave rise to the Diamond related net investment loss. Up to the bankruptcy filing date of April 26, we accounted for Diamond on a consolidated basis, just as we have historically. These results are shown on Page 4 of our earnings release on the Diamond Offshore line. Once Diamond filed for bankruptcy, Loews no longer control Diamond for GAAP purposes. As such, we seized consolidating Diamond and began accounting for Diamond at fair value. Our net GAAP carrying value of Diamond was $988 million as of the bankruptcy date. At quarter end, the carrying value of our stake was $31 million based on the fair value of our shares and a related deferred tax asset. The difference between these two values, are $957 million is included in the corporate segment as the net investment loss. Now, let me turn to the performance of CNA, Boardwalk, Loews Hotels and Altium Packaging. CNA's contribution to our net income declined 46% year-over-year to $135 million. The P&C business performed well, posting an underlying combined ratio of 93.4% and an average rate increase of almost 11%. As a reminder, CNAs underlying combined ratio for full year 2019 was 1.4 points higher at 94.8%. However, as pre-announced on July 15, CNA booked $300 million of pre-tax  $301 million of pre-tax catastrophe losses in Q2, up from $38 million in last years second quarter, 60% of these cat losses related to the COVID-19 pandemic, with civil unrest and weather related events accounting for about 20% each. CNA's $182 million of Q2 COVID related cat losses, combined with a $13 million booked in Q1, represent the companys current best estimate of its ultimate insurance losses and loss adjustment expenses, including defense costs resulting from the pandemic in the consequent economic crisis. Second quarter cat losses in total added 17.5 points to CNA's loss ratio and reduced our net income by $212 million. Last quarter, we discussed how COVID induced volatility in the financial markets reduced CNA's net investment income, caused significant net investment losses and materially shrunk the unrealized gain in the companys investment portfolio. In Q2, net investment income benefited from a strong quarter for equities and alternatives and net investment gains were significant, largely thanks to the market appreciation on CNAs holdings of non-redeemable preferred stock. Moreover, as Jim described, CNAs net unrealized gain increased more than 100% from March 31 to $4.4 billion, surpassing the year end level of $4.1 billion. Moving on to Boardwalk, the company contributed $34 million to our net income in Q2, down from $53 million last year. Last years second quarter included a $19 million net benefit from a customer bankruptcy and related contract cancellation. Excluding this non-recurring item, Boardwalks net income contribution was flat year-over-year. As we have discussed previously, Boardwalk has experienced contract expirations and restructurings over the past few years related to pipelines placed into service between 2008 and 2010. The net effect has been for contracts to be renewed or replaced at lower rates. This re-contracting activity essentially concluded by year end 2019. This years second quarter results fully reflect the re-contracting activity. Net operating revenue in Q2, excluding last years non-recurring item, was down less than 2% year-over-year with pipeline growth projects, park and loan and storage and other items almost fully offsetting the revenue loss from contract expirations and restructurings. Natural gas throughput and liquid volumes increased more than 7% year-to-date in 2020 versus 2019. Boardwalk management is actively monitoring the credit quality of its customers, given the declines in crude oil and natural gas prices. Thus far, the impact has been de minimis. Boardwalk will have spent approximately $2 billion on growth projects during the 2016 to 2020 period. These investments have helped the company compensate for the re-contracting pressures faced over the last 2 years. These investments have also allowed the company to execute on its strategy to diversify its revenue stream by increasing the percent of revenues coming from end user demand pull customers. Now, turning to Loews Hotels. The second quarter was tough for Loews Hotels, as almost all its rooms were out of service for most of the quarter. Operations were not suspended at only 4 properties. The company posted a net loss of $72 million in Q2 as compared to net income of $12 million last year. GAAP operating revenue was just $9 million, down 94% from last years second quarter. Revenue at the companys JV properties, which is not included in GAAP consolidated operating revenue, declined a similar percentage. Adjusted EBITDA, which is defined in our earnings supplement and excludes non-recurring items decreased $122 million year-over-year to a loss of $54 million. 13 properties resumed operations in Q2, spread out from May 29 through June 26 and the Loews Kansas City opened on June 1, after its grand opening was delayed by COVID. 5 more properties resumed operations during July. As of today, 4 properties plus the yet to be opened Endless Summer Dockside property in Orlando, are not operational. We stated last quarter that during each month of suspended operation  of fully suspended operations, the hotel company was expected to generate negative cash flow of about $25 million. We explained that this amount should decline as properties resume operations since Loews Hotels management intended to restart operations of properties only when doing so improve cash flow. This has thus far proven to be the case as the hotel company is effectively and aggressively managing property level and management company expenses. Turning to Altium Packaging, Altium continued to experience strong revenue and EBITDA growth as it benefited from its recent acquisitions, namely its pharmaceutical packaging business as well as increased demand for such core products as household chemicals, water and beverages. Conversely, demand weakened somewhat in segments, including automotive, commercial foodservice, and institutional dairy. Altium contributed a slight net loss despite its robust EBITDA increase. Depreciation and amortization were up from their prior year driven by the recent acquisitions and by the accelerated amortization of the CCC trade name. All-in-all, Altium is performing above plan and has been very successful in winning new business by demonstrating reliability and customer focus. Across the board, we remain focused on ensuring that our subsidiaries implement effective policies and procedures to protect the safety and health of their employees. Loews long-term success rests on the success of our subsidiaries. So the well-being of their employees is our foremost concern. Finally, a few words about the parent company. As always, we are focused on maintaining a strong and highly liquid balance sheet. At quarter end, the parent company portfolio of cash and investments totalled $3.6 billion, with about 80% in cash and equivalents and the remainder mainly in marketable equity securities and a small portfolio of limited partnership investments. The parent company investment portfolio generated pre-tax income of $110 million in Q2, up from $33 million in Q2 2019 and well ahead of the $166 million loss in Q1. Equities drove the parent company investment results. We received $90 million in dividends from CNA during the second quarter. As a reminder, Boardwalk has adopted an annual dividend policy and we expect to receive a dividend in the fourth quarter approximating last years $100 million. I will now hand the call back to Mary.
A - Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. As is our practice, we have received several questions from shareholders that we will answer. Every quarter we encourage shareholders to send us questions that they would like us to answer and we have received several for this quarter. First question has to do with CNA. Loews has more privately held subsidiaries and publicly held subsidiaries. What is the benefit of CNA as a public company?
Jim Tisch: So, we have always believed that having a public marker for CNA is beneficial for Loews, especially for our shareholders. And I dare say that if CNA wasnt public, there would be clamoring for us to take it public. However, its really rare for CNA to be trading as drastically undervalued as it is now. The public  my sense is that the public market today doesnt make much sense and is certainly not an accurate reflection of the value of CNA. Also, all P&C companies, as I said in my remarks, are undervalued. Of course, there are lots of good reasons for keeping CNA as a public company and those outweigh what I consider to be the short-term problem of the undervaluation. Number one, its important to regulators and credit rating agencies. Its important for attracting talent to be able to give them long-term incentive that is based on the stock and its also important just for transparency. And as for the added expense of keeping CNA public in the context of the size of Loews and of CNA there really arent any significant expenses that could be saved.
Mary Skafidas: Okay, great. The next question has to do with the deal environment. Jim, is Loews is looking to add another subsidiary right now?
Jim Tisch: No, we are not. We are not actively looking at any deals right now in these uncertain times. As I said in my remarks, our focus is on conserving cash. Both CNA and Loews are so cheap that when we think the time is right, we will continue to buy in Loews shares. But as I say all the time, we like to keep an open mind. And if the relative values of Loews and the deal markets change, then it is very possible that we could switch from repurchasing our own shares to hunting for new businesses to buy.
Mary Skafidas: Jim, you said in your remarks that this year is probably a washout for the hotel travel industry can you talk a little bit about what recovery in the hotel industry looks like?
Jim Tisch: Washout, it certainly is. First, let me start by saying something that was told to me when I was in college, its an old expression. He who lives by the crystal ball must learn to eat ground glass. And with that as a caveat, let me add that I think 2020 will be the bottom of the hotel industry in terms of the effects of the pandemic and I believe that 2021 will be dramatically better than 2020 and if I am going to forecast longer than that, I think that 22 will even be better than 21. Currently, we are seeing more of a pickup in driving leisure type travel at our resorts destinations. The business travel and hotels and city centers are lagging the resorts at this point in time. My guess is that this will persist for some time as companies weigh employee safety and security as well as reassess their travel budgets. But I believe that in the fullness of time, those  that travel and those budgets will be come back at similar levels to where they were before this all began. Keep in mind that we are seeing a pickup in occupancy from a few months ago, but occupancy is still very, very low measured at 10%, 20%, 30% or 40% most of the time. We opened the hotels, because we found that we lose less cash by keeping the hotel hotels open rather than keeping them closed, but we are still losing money in those hotels.
Mary Skafidas: Okay. The next question has to do with capital allocation. Loews has plenty have cash on its balance sheet. And with Loews stock trading where it is, why not use $1 billion or $2 billion towards share repurchases?
Jim Tisch: So, thats a very good question. We keep  as you all know, we keep our level of cash and investments above our debt levels, because its important for the company to maintain its bond ratings and the rating agencies like to see us have more cash and investments than debt. The Loews rating provides an uplift to some of our subsidiary ratings giving them among other things, access to cheaper debt. So under exceptional circumstances, we would certainly consider allowing our cash and our investment balances to go below our debt levels, but buying in Loews shares at an exceptional price isnt yet included in my definition of an exceptional circumstance. Currently, given the ongoing uncertainty in the world, we think it makes a lot of sense to be cautious and maintain ample liquidity. But as Loews shares continue to be remarkably undervalued, my calculus on this is very possible to change.
Mary Skafidas: Okay. And the last question we have is we just received this question even though you answered this topic earlier in the call, we wanted to ask it again. The question is the market is giving Loews almost no value for its privately held subsidiaries. How should investors think of Loews debt value?
Jim Tisch: Well, you are right, I did cover it in my opening remarks and for people that are just reading a transcript, Id recommend that you go back  sorry, just reading the Q&A of the transcript, I recommend that you go back and read those remarks. But I will just go over this briefly. Over the  our purchase say 2 years ago of the outstanding common units of Boardwalk, not placed an equity valuation of about $3 billion on Boardwalk. And as I said previously, nothing has occurred in the performance of the company that would lead us to reconsider that purchase at all. Prior to the COVID pandemic devaluation of our hotel business was measured in the billions of dollars and I still feel comfortable that in the recovery from the pandemic, which I see coming, certainly in the next year or so, we will see that valuation again. And finally, our equity check for Altium was $600 million, as we said in my remarks. And due to the good results and the good investments at Altium, I believe the valuation should be higher now. So, when you add all that up, in my mind, the market valuation of $500 million for all of our non-publicly traded subsidiaries is to me ludicrous when they are clearly worth dramatically more than that.
Mary Skafidas: Okay, great. Thank you, Jim. Thank you, David and thank you everyone for listening. That concludes the Loews call. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at mskafidas@loews.com and a replay will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately 2 hours.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Loews Corporation's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas to begin. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Maria, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Questions that have been submitted by shareholders will be addressed during this call. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, you may also discuss - we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. Now let me hand the call over to Jim Tisch, our CEO, who will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
James Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Before we discuss how Loews is addressing the many challenges presented by the coronavirus, I want to take a moment to acknowledge everyone on the front lines of the fight against this pandemic. They are true heroes. I speak for all of us at Loews' Corporation when I thank them for their bravery, for their selflessness and for everything they are doing to save lives. To express our thanks a bit more concretely, I'm proud to announce that Loews has donated $1 million that has been allocated between several different funds that provide direct support to these frontline health care heroes. I'm glad we're able to help these individuals who are risking their own lives to help others. It's astonishing how quickly the coronavirus has altered our lives. Loews' 2019 letter to shareholders is dated February 11 of this year. In it, we described the dramatic changes brought about over the last decade by disruptive technologies, shifting trade relations and an array of market and geopolitical forces. Little did I know when we completed our letter that the most dramatic change was directly ahead. What started out as a promising year has quickly and dramatically morphed into a global economic free fall. Like so many other companies, Loews and its subsidiaries started operating remotely overnight as travel restrictions and shelter-in-place orders were issued by governments around the world. Since Loews and our subsidiaries have already put into place the enhanced IT infrastructure required for a quick and efficient transition to remote operations, our company's move to working from home went even more smoothly than I would have expected. Our employees rose to the challenge with resilience and focus. I want to thank them all for their dedication, which has enabled Loews' to move forward. So back to our operations. The coronavirus has impacted each of Loews' businesses in different ways. Some of our subsidiaries have been hard hit, and others have not. Specifically, Diamond Offshore and Loews Hotels have felt the most pain. Let me lead off with Diamond Offshore and the sequence of events that resulted in the company's Chapter 11 announcement on April 26. It's no secret that the offshore drilling industry has been experiencing a protracted downturn since 2014. It's been a long, hard road for the offshore drillers, plagued by an oversupply of rigs, coupled with persistently low oil prices. Earlier this year, however, we thought we saw the Sun start to break through the clouds. At the beginning of January, oil was priced at $60 a barrel and global oil demand was expected to grow. Unfortunately, that sunny moment was short-lived. Over the first quarter, Saudi Arabia and Russia failed to reach a production agreement, and global demand experienced a sudden and cataclysmic decline due to the spread of COVID-19. These factors caused oil prices to drop to about $20 per barrel. That's a 2/3 decline in price in a 3-month period. In response, oil companies significantly reduced their capital budgets. Travel bans further complicated offshore drillers' ability to staff their rigs, and E&P companies used every opportunity they could to cancel or renegotiate contracts. Talk about impeccably bad timing. Keep in mind that even before this unfortunate confluence of events, Loews' exposure to Diamond was limited to our equity stake, which by mid-March, had a market value of between $100 million and $200 million. Later in this call, our CFO, David Edelson, will walk you through the GAAP impact to Loews of the Diamond Chapter 11 filing. But it's important to remember that while the GAAP deconsolidation loss is significant, it's a noncash loss. Loews' balance sheet remains strong ending the quarter with $3.1 billion in cash and investments. While we are incredibly disappointed about the sequence of world events that led Diamond to make its April 26 announcement. I am very proud of the work that Diamond offshore has done over the years. Diamond has been a leader in the offshore drilling industry. The company's CEO, Marc Edwards, has been outstanding, and his team has worked hard in a very tough environment. Diamond is comprised of talented and resilient individuals facing extraordinary circumstances. We hope for a brighter future for the company in the years to come. Moving on to the rest of the Loews portfolio, I'd like to do a quick review of our businesses and their operations today, how they are faring and functioning in this ever changing new normal world. As you know, for the last couple of years, it has been our practice to take questions from shareholders. Since the questions we have received over the last month have been very consistent, I'm going to address them as part of my prepared remarks and in the context of this review. First up is CNA. Operationally, CNA's performance has been quite strong. The company's underlying combined ratio for the quarter was slightly better than in the first quarter of 2019, driven primarily by a reduction in the expense ratio. CNA also had solid rate increases of 8% as the hard market continued. All in all, CNA has the balance sheet, the business mix, management team and infrastructure to manage adeptly through this crisis. In terms of the pandemic's impact on CNA's future earnings, it's too early to make concrete statements. But we imagine that the P&C industry will face some headwinds. These will include low interest rates and lower premium levels as a result of the decline in GDP. CNA is monitoring the situation closely as it unfolds, and we have a lot of confidence in the expertise and judgment of CNA's CEO, Dino Robusto, and his senior management team. Our shareholders' questions for CNA focused on 2 topics: business interruption insurance and the effects of the turbulent markets on CNA's investment portfolio. Let me address each one of these. On their call earlier this morning, Dino made some very clear statements regarding business interruption insurance, which I will reiterate here. Dino said, and I quote, "CNA's property policies require direct physical damage to the property from a covered peril for coverage to attach. Additionally, the property policies, whether issued in the United States or internationally, have exclusion borrowing coverage for viruses. There are very few policies where coverage may exist on small participations in our Lloyd's operations, but the total limits exposed are de minimis. So with respect to property business interruption insurance, CNA's policy language does not cover COVID-19 in virtually all cases, and the company never collected premiums for it." In terms of CNA's investment portfolio, in the first quarter, CNA's unrealized gain position declined from $4 billion at the end of 2019 to $2 billion at the end of the first quarter. To put this in context, CNA's unrealized gain position has typically varied between $2 billion and $4 billion since 2011, with $4 billion being the high watermark. Since the end of this year's first quarter, the unrealized gain in CNA's portfolio has rebounded off its lows and is now about $3 billion. Interest rates across asset classes other than treasuries went up at the end of the first quarter due to spread widening that provided CNA with a rare opportunity to add high-quality assets at attractive yields. This opportunity has since diminished somewhat as the fixed income markets have come roaring back. Over the last several years, CNA has been reducing its exposure to risk assets. Including equities, hedge funds and below investment-grade securities to the lowest level in over a decade. Next up is Boardwalk Pipelines. The company is operationally sound and benefiting from growth projects coming online. While revenue declined slightly in the first quarter, the decline was due to the now completed recontracting of Boardwalk's expansion projects placed in service in the 2008 to 2010 time frame. Shareholders have asked us about the effect of lower oil prices on Boardwalk. Additionally, we've gotten questions about the financial stability of Boardwalk's customers. Let me address both of these queries. Boardwalk's business has not been significantly impacted by the drop in oil prices. In the first quarter of 2020, Boardwalk's natural gas throughput and liquids volume increased slightly from the comparable period last year. Since the crisis hit in mid-March, Boardwalk has maintained uninterrupted service to its customers while also taking measures to ensure the safety of its employees and to maintain efficient operations. At the end of the first quarter, Boardwalk had a backlog of well over $9 billion in contracted revenues with about $370 million of new contracts added in the first quarter. More than 70% of Boardwalk's revenue backlog is derived from investment-grade companies. Boardwalk has letters of credit from some of its customers that are not investment-grade or not rated, which provide an additional measure of security. To reiterate, so far, Boardwalk's operations and financial performance have not been materially impacted by the coronavirus or the drop in oil prices. Boardwalk anticipates another solid year of financial performance. Almost 90% of Boardwalk's revenues are backed by fixed fee take-or-pay agreements. Revenue in 2020 is expected to be about $60 million lower than 2019, due primarily to the expiration of the legacy contracts. At the end of 2020, Boardwalk should have a debt-to-EBITDA ratio below 5x leverage. With industry veteran, Stan Horton, at the helm leading a seasoned team of senior managers, the company expects to finance its capital needs this year, primarily, by using internally-generated cash flow. Let's move on to Altium, our plastic packaging manufacturer. Altium is actually benefiting from the ongoing surge in their consumer retail segment, primarily due to increased purchases of beverage and cleaning products. Under the top-notch leadership of the company's CEO, Sean Fallman, Altium has taken a number of precautions to ensure the safety of its employees and its manufacturing plants. These precautions include making sure employees comply with social distancing protocols, installing sanitizing stations, distributing masks and gloves, taking temperatures pre-shift and increasing employee sick days. These new measures have helped Altium's manufacturing plants operate smoothly, even with the increase in volume. We expect Altium's EBITDA to be up nicely this year, with a good portion coming from completed acquisitions as well as from organic growth. Finally, let me comment on Loews Hotels. We had great expectations for our hotel business in 2020. But today's reality couldn't be further from what we had envisioned. Travel bans, shelter-in-place orders and social distancing protocols have had a profound effect on Loews Hotels as well as on all of its competitors. The company went from being in growth mode to being forced to do everything it could to contain costs. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting government mandates to halt the spread of the virus, most of Loews Hotels - most of Loews' hotels have temporarily suspended operations. Only 4 hotels remain operational, and those have very limited occupancy. Unfortunately, the catastrophic loss of business made it necessary to furlough nearly 90% of Loews Hotels' employees. This was a painful decision made in order to ensure that the company could continue to operate over the long term. Having taken this tough step, Loews Hotels then followed up with significant assistance for its furloughed team members. The company has set up a multimillion-dollar relief fund for affected employees and has also continued to cover medical insurance costs for up to 3 months for employees enrolled in company benefits. Additionally, in solidarity with all Loews Hotels team members who are being impacted financially by the crisis, the members of the office of the President; me, Andrew Tisch, and Loews Hotel CEO, John Kish, reduced our salaries by 50% as of April 1 and reduced our bonuses by 50% for the entire year. At this point in time, it's difficult to predict when Loews Hotels will resume normal operations. We expect that circumstances will vary by hotel property, with occupancy at hotels increasing gradually as the industry recovers from the effects of the pandemic. Before turning the call over to David, I want to comment on the parent company and our current view of the world. We have always said that we like to sleep at night, and that is still true today. In our current circumstances as we experience so much uncertainty, we plan to maintain a substantial cash position as our rainy day fund. With over $3 billion in cash and investments and no significant calls on those resources, Loews remains strong. We will reevaluate our capital allocation strategies once we have more clarity as to the path forward for our company, our subsidiaries and our country. And now I'd like to hand the call over to our CFO, David Edelson.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the first quarter, Loews reported a net loss of $632 million or $2.20 per share, compared to net income of $394 million or $1.27 per share in last year's first quarter. This year's first quarter loss and the substantial year-over-year decline had 2 main causes: investment losses at CNA and the parent company, which were caused by financial market disruptions as the COVID-19 pandemic spread; and rig impairments at Diamond Offshore. Also worth noting, as Jim did, is the dramatic falloff in results at Loews Hotels caused by the pandemic. Let me start by providing more details about the quarter, focusing on these three items. I will also discuss the accounting implications of Diamond's recent Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing as well as some of the issues we are monitoring as the pandemic impacts our businesses. The financial markets experienced tremendous volatility in March in response to the spreading coronavirus pandemic and its economic fallout. Equity markets plummeted and credit spreads widened. Both CNA and the parent company suffered investment losses as a result. At CNA, after-tax net investment income declined $186 million from last year, with common stocks and limited partnership investments accounting for almost 95% of that amount. Common stocks and LPs earned $96 million pretax in Q1 2019, but lost $125 million in this year's first quarter. Additionally, CNA swung from net investment gains of $24 million, after-tax last year to losses of $169 million this year. This year's losses were mainly attributable to the decline in market value of nonredeemable preferred stock, as well as impairment losses on corporate bonds. The parent company's investment portfolio generated net after-tax loss of $130 million in the quarter versus income of $67 million last year, driven by declines in public equities. In total, investment activities at CNA and the parent company were responsible for $536 million of the year-over-year decline in our first quarter net income. I would hasten to point out that some of these losses were recouped in April as financial markets became more favorable. Diamond's financial outlook deteriorated as the quarter progressed, ultimately causing Diamond to impair 4 of its drilling rigs and take a $774 million pretax impairment charge. The steep and rapid decline in oil prices during the quarter, especially since early March, has pushed Diamond's customers to slash their capital budgets, including their offshore drilling programs. This chain of events caused Diamond management to take a more pessimistic view of the prospects for these 4 rigs. Diamond's impairment charge reduced our first quarter net income by $408 million. There were no rig impairments during last year's first quarter. Loews Hotels business was strong during January and February and into the first week of March, only to decline precipitously thereafter. So precipitously in fact, that most of their properties temporarily suspended operations between March 19 and the end of the quarter. By way of example, the Universal Orlando Theme park closed on March 15, and our hotels on that campus suspended operations on March 20. The Loews Miami Beach hotel suspended operations on March 23, pursuant to a requirement to close issued by the county and city. After outperforming its plan during the first 2 months of the quarter, Loews Hotels posted a quarterly net loss of $25 million, compared to net income of $13 million last year, for a negative swing of $38 million. The hotel company's adjusted EBITDA, which is defined in our earnings supplement, decreased $44 million year-over-year to $17 million. Stepping back, these 3 items, investment results at CNA and the parent company, rig impairments at Diamond and Loews Hotels, comprised 96% of the sizable year-over-year decline in our first quarter net income. Turning to Diamond's Chapter 11 filing. Diamond and certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. bankruptcy code on April 26. Loews has determined that as of that date, we no longer control Diamond, and thus, we will no longer consolidate Diamond for GAAP purposes. Going forward, we will account for Diamond on the cost method and hold our stake in Diamond at fair value. Our Diamond stake will be included in parent company cash and investments just as we do with all our non-control equity holdings. Our second quarter results will include a significant loss related to Diamond. Let me briefly explain the main moving pieces in the second quarter. We will consolidate our share of Diamond's losses through the bankruptcy filing date. We will then deconsolidate Diamond effective April 26. At which time, we will record a loss equal to the difference between our then carrying value of Diamond, and the fair value of our interest in Diamond immediately following the bankruptcy filing. Our GAAP carrying value of Diamond at quarter end was approximately $1 billion. The fair value of our stake immediately after the filing was about $15 million. If the fair value remains the same through June 30, our net loss in Q2 attributable to Diamond will be around $1 billion. Importantly, this will be a noncash loss. Jim previously highlighted several bright spots in the quarter. Let me reiterate just a few. P&C underwriting results at CNA continued their positive momentum. Rates increased an average of 8% across the book. The underlying combined ratio was 93.9%, which was better than full year 2019, and new business was robust. At Boardwalk, natural gas throughput and liquid volumes increased more than 10% from the first quarter of 2019. While revenues were down slightly due largely to expiring contracts being recontracted at lower rates, the company has essentially completed the process of recontracting its pipeline projects placed in service 10 to 12 years ago. Boardwalk's EBITDA and income were slightly ahead of management's expectations and its debt metrics improved during the quarter. And Altium experienced strong growth in EBITDA as it benefited from its recent acquisitions, namely its pharmaceutical packaging business as well as increased demand for such core products as water, milk, household products and specialty chemicals. Volume was robust at Altium, rising about 8% in the quarter over the prior year period. Before I conclude my remarks, I wanted to add briefly to Jim's comments about the COVID-19 pandemic. All our subsidiaries have been and will continue to be affected by COVID-19 and the related economic impacts. We are focused on ensuring that our subsidiaries implement effective policies and procedures to protect the safety and health of their employees. Loews' long-term success rests on the success of our subsidiaries. So the well-being of their employees is our foremost concern. We are also focused on ensuring that our subsidiaries identify and manage the risks and opportunities caused by this terrible pandemic. On its call today, CNA discussed many risks, including risks to the investment portfolio and underwriting risks, including pressure on premiums and COVID-related losses. Of course, CNA is also looking for opportunities to better service clients to its clients in this changed world. As Jim mentioned, Boardwalk's business has thus far been relatively unaffected by the pandemic. Yet management is actively monitoring such risks as the credit quality of its customers, as the declines in crude oil and natural gas prices could cause the financial condition of 1 or more of its producer customers to deteriorate. Loews Hotels took dramatic action to temporarily suspend operations at most of its properties in response to the pandemic. Going forward, the critical decisions for Loews Hotels will be when to reopen those properties and how to refine its operations to ensure the continued health and safety of its employees and guests while meeting guests' expectations. Decisions to reopen properties will be made case by case, considering such factors as governmental public health restrictions and when management believes enough demand exists to resume operations rather than remain suspended. Even though Loews Hotels has aggressively reduced its cost structure, the huge revenue decline has caused the company to begin generating negative cash flow. As such, we will invest cash in Loews Hotels this year, although the exact amount is uncertain, given the unknowns around property reopening and ramp up schedules. What we do know is this, during each month, operations are almost completely suspended, as they are now. Management forecasts that the hotel company will generate negative cash flow of about $25 million. Once properties begin reopening, however, that monthly amount should decline as management intends to reopen properties only when doing so improves cash flow. So while the COVID-related negative cash flow situation at Loews Hotels is unfortunate, it is entirely manageable given our parent company liquidity. Altium has on that, benefited from increased demand for certain of its products as the pandemic reached North America. The company is focused on serving its customers with packaging solutions so its customers can meet today's demand while also being prepared for an uncertain future. Finally, a few words about the state of the parent company. As always, and as Jim mentioned, we are focused on maintaining a strong and highly liquid balance sheet. At quarter end, the parent company portfolio of cash and investments totaled $3.1 billion, with about 80% in cash and equivalents, and the remainder mainly in marketable equity securities and a small portfolio of limited partnership investments. We received $575 million in dividends from CNA during the first quarter, which includes the $0.37 regular quarterly dividend and the $2 special dividend. As a reminder, Boardwalk has adopted an annual dividend policy. We repurchased 9.7 million shares of our common stock during the first quarter for a total of $445 million. We repurchased no shares following quarter end. As Jim mentioned, we are prioritizing liquidity during these uncertain times. I will now hand the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. We want to thank all of you for your continued interest. Please feel free to reach out to me with any additional questions at mskafidas@loews.com. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately 2 hours. With no questions waiting in queue, we conclude the Loews call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's Loews Corporation First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.
Q - :

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-10 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews Corporation Q4 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to Loews Corporation's fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement, and company overview, may be found on our Web site, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session with question committed by shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through key drivers for the quarter. Before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Before we get into the details of the quarter and our year end results, I want to mention share repurchases. For those of you who follow Loews closely, I must sound like a broken record. I've been saying for a while that we believe Loews stock looks cheap and trades at a deep discount to our view of its intrinsic value. Rather than complain, we have acted. From January 1st of 2018 through Friday, we repurchased more than 45 million shares of Loews common stock for total cost of just under $2.25 billion. That represents more than 15% of our currently outstanding shares. Typically, most of the funds weve used to repurchase our shares have come from dividends paid to Loews from our subsidiaries. And in recent years, most of those dividends have come from CNA. However, dividends paid to Loews represent only a portion of the free cash flows generated by our subsidiaries. Our businesses may also decide to use their free cash flow, either to fund growth or to pay down debt. And to the extent that they have the opportunity to profitably reinvest their cash flow into their businesses, we encourage them to do so. However, if there is no other productive use for their free cash flow, more often than not, they'll distribute that cash. To pull back the curtain a bit on this process, in 2019, Loews received more than $180 million from Loews hotels. This cash came both from the sale of hotels and free cash flow from operations, both after Loews hotels invested around $70 million into construction of new properties, we expect Loews hotels to return capital again in 2020 but the amount will likely be smaller because the hotel companies will continue to invest in its own development and we expect fewer proceeds from the sale of hotel properties. No matter what, to the extent that the hotel company has economically attractive projects in which to invest, we want them to do so. This year, we have three new hotels opening in St. Louis, Orlando and Kansas City. These hotels represent more than 3,000 new keys for our company. These properties will either be focused on transients and group business like the new Loews Kansas City, which is attached to the Kansas City Convention Center, or they will have built-in demand generators like the Endless Summer Hotel in Orlando. Additionally, in late December of 2019, most hotels received the necessary approvals from the Arlington Texas City Council to build $550 million 888 room hotel that will be connected to a new Convention Center. The Arlington Convention Center complex, which will be at the base of AT&T Stadium and Globe Life Field will offer 216,000 square feet of meeting and outdoor function space. As part of an overall effort by the city to increase convention and tourism business in Arlington, which is nestled between Dallas and Fort Worth and 15 minutes from the DFW Airport. Since 2013, Loews hotels have more than tripled its adjusted EBITDA, going from $68 million back then to $227 million last year. We believe the company's future is bright and that it will be a strong growth engine for the parent company. In other subsidiary news, those of you who look at our earnings supplement may notice that CCC, our packaging subsidiary recently changed its name to Altium. The rationale for the change is that CCC had been well known with the industry as the water and milk container company, but their product lines and capabilities are much broader. With Altiums recent acquisitions, the company has expanded even further the number of segments of the packaging industry it can service. The new name is meant to underscore the company's diverse capabilities and help to continue to grow its customer base. Before turning the call over to David, I want to briefly talk about our results for 2019. Loews had a good year driven by stellar results at CNA, as well as good investment income at the parent company level. CNAs underlying combined ratio continue to improve in 2019 despite a competitive environment. In 2016, CNAs underlying combined ratio improved by more than three points. Additionally, CNA grew net written premiums by 5% for 2019, driven by particularly strong growth in commercial lines, rate increased 5% for CNAs and P&C operation last year. It goes without saying that we remain very bullish on CAN, both on the fundamentals of the insurance industry and on CANs growth trajectory within the industry. CNA will continue to focus on maintaining and improving its strong underwriting culture and building on its expertise in areas of deep specialization. These steps will help CNA reach its goal of sustaining top quartile underwriting performance. CNA represents a significant portion of Loews some of the parts and as such, our lead purchases underscore our confidence in our insurance business. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim and good morning. Today, we reported fourth quarter net income of $217 million or $0.73 per share compared to a net loss of $165 million or $0.53 per share in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, we reported net income of $932 million or $3.07 per share, up from $636 million or $1.99 per share in 2018. I will start by summarizing our much improved fourth quarter results, and then turn to the full year. The earnings turnaround in Q4 was driven mainly by investment results at both CNA and the parent company, as well as higher P&C underwriting income at CNA. CNA's net income contribution swung from the $75 million loss in Q4 2018 to income of $244 million, an improvement of $319 million. Returns on CNA's holdings of LPs and common stocks accounted for $146 million of the improvement, and a pivot from net investment losses to net investment gains accounted for another $61 million. P&C underwriting income at CNA accounted for $119 million of our year-over-year net income increase, driven by lower cat losses and stronger underlying underwriting results. CNA's overall combined ratio declined almost 10 points from Q4 2018 to 95.6, and its underlying combined ratio, which excludes cats and prior year development, improved 3.1 points to 94.9. Like CAN, Loews parent company investment results benefited from more favorable equity market conditions, as they swung from the $57 million after-tax loss to income of $67 million in Q4. Loews Hotels and CNA's corporate segment were the main year-over-year negatives. Loews Hotels incurred a $69 million after-tax charge from the impairment of two hotel properties in Q4. Absent this charge and other nonrecurring items, such as pre-opening expenses and properties under development, Loews Hotels contribution to our net income would have been up around 20%, as operating results continued to be robust. CNA booked a $48 million after-tax charge in Q4 related to its legacy asbestos and environmental pollution reserves, which reduced our net income by $43 million. In last year's fourth quarter, CNA incurred a net retroactive reinsurance charge that reduced our net income by $24 million. As a reminder, in 2010, CNA exceeded substantially all its legacy asbestos and environmental pollution liabilities to national indemnity, pursuant to a loss portfolio transfer. Before turning to the full, one year one last observation on the quarter. Average shares outstanding declined about 6% from last year's fourth quarter, reflecting our ongoing share repurchase activity. Now for our full year results, we reported net income of $932 million, up 47% over 2018. CNA, Boardwalk and the parent company investment portfolio, drove the increase with Diamond and Loews Hotels posting year-over-year declines. Let me start with CNA whose net income contribution rose 23% in 2019 to $894 million, as CNA itself, posted net income of $1 billion. Favorable investment performance propelled the increase. Net investment income rose, thanks to LPs and common stock investments, while net investment gains swung from losses in 2018 to gains in 2019. The swing in net investment gains was dominated by the change in market value of CNA's holdings of non redeemable preferred stock. P&C underwriting income was essentially flat year-over-year as better underlying underwriting income and lower catastrophe losses were offset by lower level of favorable net prior development in 2019 than in the prior year. For the year, CNA posted an underlying combined ratio of 94.8, marking its third consecutive year of improvement. This result included an underline loss ratio of 61. While CNA has already made great strides in enhancing its underwriting profitability, it remains laser focused on further reducing both its loss and expense ratios. The long-term care reserve charge taken in the third quarter was the main detractor from CNA's 2019 results. During 2019, CNA unlocked and strengthened its long-term care active life reserves and action it hadn't taken since year-end 2015. This charge reduced Loews' net income by $151 million. When factoring in long-term care claims reserve releases in both years, however, LTC reserve actions accounted for $133 million year-over-year reduction in CNA's contribution to our net income. The bottom line is this, CNA's balance sheet is strong, its underwriting performance continues to improve with opportunities for further premium growth and combined ratio reduction. And its long-term care business continues to be aggressively and prudently managed to reduce risk and improve results. Boardwalk also had a good year as reflected by the significant increases in ts contribution to our pre-tax and net income. Since the increase in net income contribution is due in large part to increasing our ownership from 51% to 100% in July of 2018, I will focus my comments on pre-tax income. Pre-tax income was up $50 million in 2019 to $281 million as revenues generated by growth projects more than offset net revenue losses from contract restructurings, expirations and renewals. Also, about half of the year-over-year increase was from proceeds received when a customer filed for bankruptcy. The parent company portfolio of cash and investments was the final driver of our year-over-year improvement. This portfolio generated $188 million of after tax income in 2019 versus an $8 million loss in 2018. The beat was almost entirely attributable to returns on equity holdings. The parent company portfolio of cash and investments averaged $3.9 billion in 2018 and $3.4 billion in 2019. On the flip side, Diamond and Loews hotels, both showed year-to-year income declines. Diamond had a tough year with its pre-tax loss growing from $226 million in 2018 to $402 million in 2019. Diamonds 2019 can be summarized by two statistics, revenue earning days up 4% but average daily rate down 17%. As a result, contract drilling revenues were down 12% and contract drilling margin declined from 32% to 15%. Contract drilling expenses were up almost 10%, largely due to the mix of rigs working in 2019 versus 2018, as well as the accelerated amortization of contract preparation costs on several rigs. In 2019, Diamond invested approximately $325 million in its fleet to ensure its raise continue to be considered top tier by customers. The company expects significantly reduced capital spending in 2020. Diamond ended the year with an undrawn revolver of almost $1.2 billion. Revolver capacity will decline to $950 million later this year. Loews hotels had a strong year operationally, but its contribution to our reported income was impacted by impairment charges and non-recurring pre-opening expenses. The company reported an annual net loss of $31 million versus net income last year of $48 million. Excluding impairments and other nonrecurring items, Loews hotels net income increased 8% from $49 million to $53 million. Loews hotels adjusted EBITDA, which is defined and disclosed in our quarterly earnings supplement, was essentially flat from 2018 to 2019 at $227 million. However, when properties that Loews hotels no longer owns are excluded in both years, adjusted EBITDA was up about 2%. Turning to the parent company. We continue to maintain an extremely strong and liquid balance sheet. At year end, the parent company portfolio totaled $3.3 billion with 77% in cash and equivalents and 22% in LP investments and marketable equity securities. During the fourth quarter, we received $110 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $85 million from CNA and $25 million from Boardwalk. For the full year, we received total dividends of $927 million from CNA and Boardwalk with CNA contributing $825 million of that amount. Today, CNA declared a $2 per share special dividend and an increased regular quarterly dividend of $0.37. Combining the two, Loews will receive $575 million in dividends from CNA this quarter. Please note that since Boardwalk is now wholly owned, it will no longer pay Loews a fixed quarterly dividend and will likely pay an annual dividend toward the end of the year. We currently expect Boardwalks dividend to Loews in 2020 to approximate 2019s $100 million. I would highlight that we have worked diligently over the past couple of years to streamline the parent company. Net corporate operating expenses, which include investment expenses, now netted against investment income and exclude corporate interest expense, dropped about 20% from 2018 to 2019. While some of this decrease relates to slightly higher allocations to our subsidiaries, much of it relates to parent company efficiencies. We repurchased 8.3 million shares in the fourth quarter for $417 million and 21.5 million shares during all of 2019 for $1 billion. Since year end, we have repurchased an additional 3.3 million shares for a total of $172 million. I will now hand the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. We'd like to move to our question and answer portion of the call. Laurie, would you please take us through the prompt?
Operator:
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurie. Our first question is why doesn't Loews purchase the outstanding public shares of CNA? What is the benefit of maintaining CNA as a public company?
Jim Tisch: So right now, we believe that the public floating CNA while small is very important for a number of reasons. First of all, it provides transparency. Transparency for credit agencies and regulators, which I think they value very much and they like seeing a public start for CNA. Number two, it's a barometer for all Loews shareholders just what the market is valuing CNA. And I dare say if CNA went public, then a lot of people would be asking why don't we take it public so that they can actually see what the value of CNA is in the free market. Additionally, in order to attract the best talent, it's important to have public shares so that it can be, those shares can be used for employee compensation plans. And I dare say if CNA weren't public, if we didn't have those shares directly reflecting the value of CNA it might be more difficult to attract the best and the top talent. One other thing that I'd add is that as long as Loews owns over 80% of CNA, and right now it owns close to 90%. But as long as we own over 80%, we can do a tax consolidation and get all the benefits of owning 100% of the stock. So there's absolutely no penalty vis--vis cash income taxes, resulting from Loews owning 90% instead of 80% of the stock -- 90% I'm sorry instead of 100% of the stock.
Mary Skafidas: Jim, second question is, what has been the impact of the corona virus on Loews hotels business?
Jim Tisch: So at this point in time, it hasn't had much of an impact at all. Yes, the virus is affecting areas like China and Asia dramatically, but we haven't seen so much of an impact here in the United States. Our hotel people are continuing to monitor the situation. In terms of inbound travel to Loews hotels from China represents less than 1% of our business. So if the status quo continues to hold, I don't see there being much effect of corona virus on our hotel business.
Mary Skafidas: Next question relates to Diamond. What's the role of Diamond in the Loews portfolio?
Jim Tisch: So Diamond may have a big impact in a GAAP sense on Loews results. But our downside is really limited to our stake in the company, which today represents less than $1 per Loews corporation share. I would say that the current share price Diamond is really trading more like an option than it is like a stock. Regarding the offshore drilling industry in '89, knowing that it was highly cyclical when the current downturn started in '14, we thought we've seen this movie before having weathered a number of drilling cycles downside. However, this downturn now has lasted much longer than we are, I dare say anyone could have anticipated. Nevertheless, Diamond, the management continues to focus managing its cost and maximizing earnings potential on the assets through diversification and good operating performance. One other thing, I think the bearishness in Diamond is really -- has been around just since the beginning of the year. At the end of last year, oil prices West Texas Intermediate was $61 a barrel, it traded up to $63 a barrel in early January and now as you all know it's down to $50. And I think that move down to $50, which was due in large part to the corona virus and also a sense that the world production capacity would be a bit higher than demand this year, but not in the future. So those two factors have caused a dark bearishness to overcome the whole offshore drilling industry. I could easily foresee at some point oil prices getting back to the $60 and $65 barrel level. I think that, shale oil cannot be -- the growth will not -- in shale oil production, will not grow significant at those prices. And I ultimately say next year could see oil prices at the $65 to $70 a barrel level, which would I believe lead to significant improvement in the offshore drilling industry. What happened now is that this is an industry-wide phenomenon. What's going on is not just accessing Diamond offshore. The low day rates are going to affect all companies and in order for day rates to improve, I think we need to see an increase in oil prices, which as I said I think is coming in as we say the fullness of time.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. We want to thank all of you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our Web site loews.com in approximately two hours. This concludes Loews call for today.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Loews Corporation Q4 2019 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Loews Corporation Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement, and company overview, may be found on our Web site, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include questions from shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through key drivers for the quarter, but before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Loews had much better quarter than the numbers might indicate with our largest subsidiary CNA contributing positively to our results. CNA is continuing to see solid growth in rate which increased about 6% across the P&C business. Even as rate increased retention remained in line with past quarters at 83%. New business also increased 10% over last year's third quarter. While higher rates and new business growth are already forming through net return premiums, which are up about 8% compared to the prior year, the full positive impact will take time to be reflected in earned premium. Additionally, the third quarter is the time when CNA reviews its long-term care book of business. For the first time since 2015, CNA's assumptions were unlocked resulting in a third quarter after tax charge at CNA of $170 million. The charge predominantly relates to expectations for lower interest rate in both the short and long-term. As a reminder, this is a GAAP charge that as no impact on statutory capital. Also, this charge was partially offset by a $44 million after tax release from CNA's long-term care claims reserves. As is my custom, every quarter I pick a few key topics to talk about. This quarter, I would like to focus on capital allocation and the growth prospects for several of our subsidiaries. Loews typically allocates capital at the holding company in three ways; share repurchases, investing in our subsidiaries and acquiring the new subsidiary. Over the past five years, we have allocated capital using all three of these levers. As anyone who follows us knows stock buybacks are a primary capital allocation tool and a significant means of creating shareholder value at Loews. In 2014, Loews had 30% more shares outstanding than at the end of this quarter. In 2018, Loews spent a little over $1 billion to repurchase about $20 million of its shares. So, far in 2019, we have spent about $725 million to repurchase approximately 14.5 million. That means at over the past 22 months we have repurchased over 10% of our outstanding float. As you might imagine, we believe these purchases will prove to be accretive for long-term Loews shareholders. Our second capital allocation lever is investing in our subsidiaries, the businesses and industries we know best. Loews Corporation's recent investments in Loews hotels provide a good illustration of this lever. Since 2014, the parent company has supported Loews hotels growth with an investment of $820 million and as received over 80% back from the hotel company for a net investment of nearly $140 million through the end of the third quarter of 2019. During this period of expansion and development, Loews hotels have grown its adjusted EBITDA from a $123 million in 2014 to $228 million in 2018. Loews hotels continues to focus on its strategy of attracting group business as well as developing properties near demand generators such as sports stadiums and the universal Orlando theme parks. In pursuing this strategy, the hotel company has found its niche as a developer, owner and operator. Since most of its competitors are not able to fulfill all three of these functions, Loews hotels has a unique sweet spot as a partner for municipalities and developers, it has the capacity to co-invest and provide meaningful input on the design and development of new construction and to manage the hotels operations upon completion. As the portfolio of hotels continues to grow through ground up development, it will take time for these investments to produce a noticeable return as development costs, pre-opening expenses and ramp up periods for each new hotel somewhat obscure initial results. Our third level for capital allocation is adding another leg to the proverbial stool. In 2017, we acquired Consolidated Container Company for approximately $1.2 billion consisting of $600 million in cash and $600 million of debt at the CCC level. This acquisition gave Loews our total hold in the packaging industry. Over the past two years, CCC has added six tuck-in acquisitions, all of which were funded at the CCC level. These acquisitions added scale at extremely attractive post synergy multiples and increased CCCs presence in higher growth pharmaceutical segments. It's worth noting that Loews does not frequently acquire subsidiaries and given the sky-high valuations in today's market, I don't see that changing. Multiples have moved higher as the private equity world has become accustomed to easy money, low interest rates leading to cheap and readily available debt financing, make levered acquisitions possible even at these precipitous multiples again that we are unwilling to play. Now I want to talk briefly about growth prospects of CNA and Diamond. At CNA, we remain very bullish both on the fundamentals of the insurance industry and on CNA's growth trajectory which is fueled by the strength of the team that they have put together. CNA will continue to focus on maintaining and improving its strong underwriting culture, recruiting and retaining top talent, leveraging technology and expanding distribution. These steps will enable CNA to capitalize on its organic growth opportunities. If you talk to Dino Robusto, CNA CEO, he'll tell you that there was plenty of room for organic growth. The focus for Diamond Offshore is quite different. The company is less occupied with growth and more occupied with managing its liquidity. Diamond continues to concentrate on controlling its cost structure, strengthening its balance sheet and building its revenue backlog. Even as Diamond has kept its foundation solid, it continues to develop process innovations then make it more efficient and a value added partner for its customers. Finally, last year we began making more detailed information available on our websites about our subsidiary strategies and mid to long-term prospects for growth. In response to your request, we have updated and reposted these presentations for CCC, CNA, Diamond Offshore, and Loews hotels all narrated by their respective CEOs and leadership teams. We're happy to provide these virtual Investor Day style presentations and we encourage you to listen to them and reach out to us if you have any questions. And without any further ado, I'll hand the call over to David Edelson. Loews' CFO.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim. Good morning everyone. For the third quarter, Loews reported net income of $72 million or $0.24 per share down from $278 million or $0.88 per share in last year's third quarter. Page 13 of our earnings supplements sets forth the key quarterly drivers. A quick summary of the quarter, CNA accounted for most of the year-over-year decline in net income, largely due to the strengthening of its long-term care active life reserves. CNA's property casualty results also reflected a modest reserve charge this year compared to a meaningful reserve release in Q3 last year. Importantly, however, underlying P&C underwriting results at CNA continue to show improvement. Boardwalk's earnings contribution was essentially flat with the prior year, whereas contributions from Diamond and Loews hotels were down for reasons I'll explain shortly. Parent company investment income showed a nice year-over-year quarterly increase, driven namely by better returns on equities and short-term investments. Now for more detail, CNA is after tax earnings contribution was $96 million down from $300 million in Q3 2018. Let me start by focusing on the positive, which is continued progress in CNA's core P&C business. The underlying combined ratio was 94.6, the same as the last quarter and almost 1 point better than full year 2018. Net written premium was up 8% in the quarter and rate was up almost 6% and what is typically a heavy quarter for catastrophe losses, CNA incurred only 1.8 points of cat losses compared to 2.6 points in last year's third quarter and 3.7 points for full year 2018. The year-over-year comparison for P&C, however, was hurt by modest adverse prior year development compared to meaningful favorable prior development in last year's third quarter. This adverse development was driven by legacy [indiscernible] exposures in commercial and health care and specialty. Several other lines in commercial and specialty, however, including surety and management liability posted reserve releases during the quarter. Absent the impact of prior year development in both periods, CNA's after tax PNC underwriting income increased 33% from Q3 2018 to Q3 2019. CNA completed its review of its long-term care reserves this past quarter. As a reminder, CNA's GAAP long-term care reserves have two components, future policy benefit reserves commonly referred to as active life reserves as well as claims and claims adjustment expense reserves. During the quarter, CNA strengthened his active life reserves by 216 million pretax and released 56 million pretax from its claims and claims adjustment expense reserves. To put these numbers in perspective, at June 30, 2019, CNA had over $9 billion of GAAP active life reserves and almost $3 billion of GAAP claims reserves. CNA assesses the adequacy of its GAAP long-term care active life reserves annually by performing what's known as a gross premium valuation or GPV. In the GPV, management uses its current best estimate actuarial assumptions to calculate required reserves. If the required reserves exceed recorded reserves and unlocking occurs and active life reserves are increased based on the current best estimate assumptions. CNA as Jim said, CNA last unlocked its LTC active life reserves at year end 2015. The company subsequently conducted reviews of these reserves in each of 2016, 2017 and 2018 and concluded that no unlocking was necessary. In this year's third quarter, when CNA applied its current best estimate actuarial assumptions towards LTC active life reserves, the result was an approximate 400 million increase in required reserves. The interest rate environment caused CNA to lower; it's assumed future new money rates and thus its discount rate. While there were gives and takes with respect to other actuarial assumptions such as morbidity, persistency, and premium rate actions lowering the discount rate drove the unlocking. Given that CNA had $182 million of margin in its active life reserves before the review, this 400 million reserve increase resulted in a $216 million pretax strengthening of CNA's active life reserves. Note that this is a GAAP reserve charge and does not impact CNA statutory long-term care reserves. The strengthening of the active life reserves and the release from the claims and claims adjustment expense reserves taken together reduce Loews' net income by 112 million in Q3. Recall that in last year's third quarter, CNA booked a claims reserve release that added 21 million to our net income. CNA has disclosed more information about its long-term care business in its quarterly investor presentation, which can be found on its IR Web site. In summary, CNA's underlying P&C results were healthy, but its contribution to our Q3 results was hurt by the interest rate driven LTC active life reserve charge and the modest adverse prior year development in P&C. Turning to Diamond Offshore. Diamond contributed a net loss of $48 million in Q3 2019 as compared to a net loss of $27 million last year reflecting the continued difficult conditions in the offshore drilling market. Contract drilling revenues declined 14% while Diamond's contract drilling expenses increased 7%, revenue earning days were actually up 14%, but this was more than offset by a 24% decline in average daily revenue earned. The drivers of the revenue decline were rigs working at lower day rates as well as shipyard time for two of the company's high [spectro] [ph] ships which had previously been earning day rates well above current market. As a reminder, Diamond incurred the cost of illegal settlement in last year's third quarter which reduced our net income in that quarter by $8 million. Boardwalk's contribution to our net income was basically flat year-over-year at $29 million. As revenue declines from contract expirations and restructuring were more than offset by revenues from growth projects recently placed into service. Operating margins declined somewhat, however, in part due to the timing of maintenance expenses. Loews hotels had a noisy third quarter as it contributed 3 million to our net income in Q3 down from 11 million in last year's third quarter. There were two main reasons for the year-over-year decline in net income contribution. The first was the substantial disruption caused by the threat of Hurricane Dorian, which caused widespread cancellations at the company's properties in Orlando and Miami Beach. And the second were pre-opening expenses occurred in connection with properties under development including properties in Orlando, Kansas City and Arlington, Texas. As Jim said, and I'd remind you that was so much hotel development activity taking place, the company's underlying earnings will continue to be massed by pre-opening and startup costs. Loews hotels adjusted EBITDA which is disclosed in our quarterly earnings supplement also declined year-over-year. The hurricane related disruption at the company's Florida properties was a major factor. Additionally, three properties were divested since last year's third quarter with one property leaving the chain altogether and two becoming managed only hotels. Despite what appears to be a weak quarter, Loews hotels continues to expand its footprint and post improved results at many of its properties. Turning to the parent company, pretax investment income was $36 million up $31 million from the prior year's third quarter driven by returns on equities and short-term investments. During Q3 2019, we received $111 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $85 million from CNA and $26 million from Boardwalk. We repurchased 3.4 million shares during the third quarter at an aggregate cost of $168 million. We purchased an additional 1.8 million shares since quarter-end for about $90 million. We have repurchased 15 million shares during 2019 for just over $730 million representing almost 5% of our shares outstanding at year-end 2018. Loews ended the quarter with $3.5 billion in parent company cash and investments with cash and equivalent accounting for over 75% of the portfolio. Let me now turn it back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call for questions, we have a couple of questions submitted from our shareholders. First question deals with CNA. Jim, how do you feel about CNA's management of their long-term care business, especially in light of their Q3 unlocking?
Jim Tisch: So, all of us at Loews, we're extremely comfortable with how the CNA management team is managing the long-term care business. We're impressed by the operational discipline that they've brought to the business and we're also impressed by their efforts to mitigate the risks of this business. For quarter's reserve unlocking, which was caused by the current interest rate outlook, it doesn't change our view in any way. Let me step back and give you a bit of history. About a dozen years ago, the CNA management team decided that one of the long-term care block of business is in runoff. It still needs to be vigorously and strategically managed. So CNA selected some of the best and the brightest within the company to run the business as a business, actively managing it from every angle. They looked at it from an operations, claims actuarial and more. The goal was to aggressively mitigate the risk and to manage the liability. Changing the mindset from it being a runoff business to an active business has been critical in this whole process. So, the new team set about gaining a deeper understanding of the business, not just actuarially, but every facet of the business. This understanding has led the team to identify opportunities to mitigate the risks such as more supportable rate increase filings and offerings to policy holders that benefit them, while also enabling CNA to reduce risk. I truly believe that CNA's actuarial understanding of its block of business is much deeper than it has ever been. Just two years ago, CNA moved to what's called first principles reserving and that gave us the ability to slice and dice the block much more deeply than they previously could. One huge advantage of the company's actuarial advances has been the ability to support ratings increases with much more targeted and credible data, including data from over a 100,000 claims that the company has already processed. When I take a look at the assumptions made in the company's last unlocking in 2015 compared to the current unlocking what I see on net is a business that is actually pretty reasonably predictable in the medium term. I don't want to diminish the long-term tail risk, but over the medium term, our block of businesses performed basically in line with our expectations with a major exception of interest rates. Here are some stats that I find compelling. So, since the end of 2015, total claims paid are 2% lower than expected. Our active policy count is 5% lower than expected and the total claim count during that period is slightly lower than expected. These broad measures help to define the risk in the block and they were all predicted quite accurately in the context of a five-year timeframe. So, what CNA got wrong was the interest rate and the spread environment, a problem that's being addressed this quarter. So, while I understand there's a lot of noise around the various long-term care blocks, what I have seen first-hand at CNA is that with the right data, with the management focus and with the appropriate resources thrown at the problem of these blocks are more predictable than I think most outsiders have come to believe.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Next question submitted by shareholder, it has to do with Diamond. With the prolonged downturn in offshore drilling continuing, do you feel Diamond is well managed from a cost perspective?
Jim Tisch: Absolutely. I think that Diamond has done a really good job of managing its costs. It's cut expenses by about 50%. That's at the home office and also across the company. I would say that the head count is as low as possible while also operating efficiently and safely. No expense categories have been spared; there has been cuts in just about everything including employee benefits as well as free coffee within -- at the home office. So, they're aggressively, aggressively managing their expenses and the company is doing its best to manage in what is a very difficult environment.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Laurie, we'd like to turn the call back over to you for questions in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Good morning everybody.
Jim Tisch: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Shanker: Good morning. When the third quarter began on July 1. I know this isn't necessarily how you value the company, but if I take the value of Loews described by the market and subtract out the public values of CNA and Diamond, what I call the stub value was trading at about $5 billion. Two months later, given the decline in Loews price, but the relative stability of CNA's price, the stub value had fallen 45% over those two months. When you think about buying back Loews stock, are you thinking that the parts that are not publicly valued are dramatically undervalued by the market or you thinking that CNA is dramatically undervalued? I know the answer is both, but on a relative basis, there are difference between buying the stock on July 1st and buying the stock on August 30th?
Jim Tisch: Not really. I think of it that both CNA is undervalued and the stub is undervalued. So, and we've talked about this an awful lot. And that's what makes me so bullish on the stock.
Josh Shanker: Is there anything that we can detect in your repurchase appetite that at certain points there's certain valuation studies that you're doing that make you more or less anxious to buy stock over a short period of time?
Jim Tisch: You have to look at is how much stock we buy in a particular quarter. And that will give you a pretty good insight into what our appetite is.
Josh Shanker: So, if I look back over, let's say on the last 18 months, I don't know. I mean, I don't know has your appetite changed over the past 18 months or has it been steady the whole time?
Jim Tisch: It's generally been steady. We bought $1 billion of stock in 2018 and in 2019, through now we're just about at three quarters of $1 billion. So, yes, look, I'm frustrated. I think the stock has a lot of value. We haven't been shy about saying that and notwithstanding that to me, the stock still looks very cheap, but markets are markets.
Josh Shanker: And so, then I'm going to ask you [indiscernible] question I asked you last quarter, I was talking about where interest rates were and talked about if you would be willing to issue more debt simply because the markets were attractive. With your appetite in mind for your own stock. Isn't that a good trade right now to issue debt for the purpose of accelerating your repurchase?
Jim Tisch: Yes. I don't think so. First of all, if we issued debt, if you read the rating agency reports, they want us to hold as much cash as we have debt. So, there is nothing so exciting about issuing debt. Secondly, there isn't enormous volume in low shares, so there's just a limit to how much you can buy. So, I don't know that issuing debt would really do us any good. Additionally, we have about $3.5 billion of cash now, if we wanted to -- and if the opportunity presented itself, we could use a good portion of that to repurchase more shares.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then on another trek, you've talked many, many times on many calls about the market being overvalued for the purpose of buying both public companies and buying private companies competing with private equity. I haven't heard you say too often, which might be the same answer, is hotel starts right now. If you want to build a hotel or buy a hotel, has private equity inflated those values to the point where they're generally unattractive as well?
Jim Tisch: First things first, I don't think the public equities are expensive. I think that valuations in private equity land are expensive.
Josh Shanker: It didn't take out prices of public equity. I mean, if you wanted to take buy the whole thing, yes.
Jim Tisch: Okay. Yes. No, that I agree. With respect to hotels, we are operating in a very discrete, niche in the hotel industry. So, we're -- let's put aside Orlando for a second. We're not developing motels. We're not developing low service hotels. We're developing what we call and what the market calls upper upscale hotels. And generally we're marketing, we're building those hotels with significant meeting space to fit into the core competencies that we have. So, we're building hotels with meeting space near demand drivers. And, we're also doing it generally with help of one sort or another from the local municipalities, to make it so that, our hotels without that help just would not be economic to one that is economic without help. In order to do that, you have to have a long-term view because it's not a matter of just putting a shovel in the ground. It's a matter of working with the community and negotiating a transaction that's both good for the hotel company as well as the community. And so, this is not an area where we've seen private equity participate. So, no, they're not a factor in this.
David Edelson: And if I could just add Josh, we're not, as you see, we're not going out and just buying existing hotels. We are developing hotels frequently, as Jim said, in conjunction with a municipality or with other partners. So, and what we bring is the ability to manage that hotel and our own capital. So, it's a very different thing than just going out and buying the existing hotel in some sort of option.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Those are all very complete and thorough answers. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Josh. And thank you everyone for listening. That concludes Loews' third quarter 2019 earnings call. A replay will be available on our Web site, loews.com at approximately two hours.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Loews Corporation Q3 2019 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Loews Corporation Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning everyone, and welcome to Loews call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement, and company overview, may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include questions from our shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson will walk you through key drivers for the quarter, but before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Loews had another good quarter with strong results from our largest subsidiary CNA. In the quarter, CNA's domestic property and casualty net written premium was up by 8% and rate was up by about 4%. The sizable increase over last year and last quarter reflect significant new business development, as well as sustained improvement in pricing across a number of business lines. Since our CFO, David Edelson will do a deeper dive into CNA's numbers, I want to focus my remarks today, primarily on CNA's strategic direction over the mid to long term, our confidence in their strategy and the state of the P&C industry. Reflecting our confidence in CNA through last Friday, Loews spent nearly $0.5 billion on share repurchases and CNA currently accounts for more than 70% of the value of each Loews share. Now that I've told you how much we believe in their strategy, let me walk you through some of the reasoning for this confidence. CNA's management team has done the work to enhance profitability by establishing a highly disciplined expert underwriting culture. Additionally, the company has strengthened its talent pool and built mechanisms to share expertise across the organization through critical investments in technology and analytics. At the same time, CNA has embedded a disciplined awareness of expense management throughout the company. The CNA team has worked diligently and successfully to deliver improved growth and profitability with the goal of remaining a consistent top quartile underwriter. CNA's underlying loss ratio continues to be in line with the loss ratios of the company's peers. In terms of the expense ratio, there is still a few points of improvement to be had and the CNA team has plans to achieve that improvement. Adding to my confidence in CNA and without diminishing the company's achievements and what is still a competitive marketplace, in my 40 years of experience in the insurance industry, I have never known it to be more financially disciplined than it has been for the past five years. Since CNA and its peer companies are allocating almost all of the earnings to dividends and share buybacks, there is less appetite to underwrite unprofitable risk. With the continual return of capital to shareholders over that five-year period, management's are loath to disappoint their investors with strategies to increase volume at the expense of profitability. Turning to Diamond Offshore. The company continues to be affected by a longer than expected downturn in the offshore drilling market. As I mentioned last quarter, while Diamond may add a lot of noise to Loews' quarterly results, our downside is limited to the value of our equity stake, which comes to less than $2 per Loews share. And although we offshore drilling market continues to be challenging, there is a positive side to the ledger, since 2015, diamond has restructured its fleet to focus on its most competitive assets and has selectively invested in several assets that operate in attractive niche markets. Furthermore, Diamond has differentiated itself from the competition through value-added innovations that enhanced drilling efficiency and save customers time and money. Diamond has accomplished all of this while maintaining its focus on operational excellence and continuous improvements in safety. We believe that these actions coupled with prudent financial management have positioned Diamond to capitalize on an eventual recovery. We also have some news from our packaging subsidiary CCC, which made an exciting acquisition at June of this year. It bought Tri State Distribution which expanded CCC's footprint in the pharmaceutical packaging space, a specialty growth segment in the industry. Pharmaceutical packaging now accounts for more than 11% of CCC's total sales. A way of background, Loews acquired CCC a little over two years ago. Since then the company has made six tuck-in acquisitions for a total purchase price of $300 million, all of which were funded at the CCC level. These acquisitions either added scale at extremely attractive post synergy multiples or increased CCC's presence in specialty segments. The management team continues to evaluate other possible targets that could add size and scale or diversify CCC into segments, with strong growth potential. Finally, it wouldn't be a Loews earning call without a mention of share repurchases. Fun fact, 10 years ago, Loews had about 40% more shares outstanding than it does today. As for this year, to date, we've repurchased just over 10 million shares. And in the second quarter of this year, we repurchased a little over 3 million shares. We've continued to buy low stock because in our view, it's still trading below its intrinsic value, not to mention the fact, that share repurchases remain an important way that we create long-term value for all Loews shareholders. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David Edelson, Loews' CFO, who will explain key drivers for the quarter.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For the second quarter, Loews reported net income of $249 million or $0.82 per share compared to $230 million or $0.72 per share in last year's second quarter. Our net income was up 8% over the prior year, while our earnings per share increased 14%. As average shares outstanding declined almost 5% from Q2 2018, given our share repurchase activity CNA continues to be by far the largest contributor to our net income and it posted a slight year-over-year increase. The bulk of the quarterly increase, however, was driven by Boardwalk Pipelines as its net income contribution more than tripled mainly due to two factors; number one, our ownership increase from 51% last year to the current 100%; and two, Boardwalk booked a net benefit of $19 million resulting from a customer bankruptcy and related contract cancellation. Offsetting the increases from Boardwalk and CNA were lower year-over-year contributions by Diamond Offshore and Loews Hotels. Despite the fact that Loews Hotels had an excellent quarter operationally. Let me now delve into the results in more depth. CNA contributed net income of $249 million, up from $240 million last year. This modest increase resulted from several nearly offsetting factors, underlying underwriting income, which excludes catastrophe losses and prior year development improved with CNA posting an underlying combined ratio of 94.6%, which was 0.7 points better than last year's second quarter. Despite the increase in underlying underwriting income, however, total underwriting income declined because of a lower level of favorable prior year development and marginally higher cat losses. CNA's calendar year combined ratio was 95.7%, which was 1.9 points above last year's second quarter result, but still highly respectable. CNA's after-tax investment income in its P&C segment was essentially identical to Q2 2018. The Corporate and Life & Group segments both had significant favorable variances. In last year's second quarter, CNA incurred one-time costs from transitioning to a new IT infrastructure service provider. These non-recurring costs were booked in CNA's Corporate segment. And in Life & Group, results improved largely from continuing favorable persistency and long-term care as many policyholders chose to lapse coverage or reduce benefits in lieu of premium rate increases. Finally, an early redemption charge on the retirement of debt reduced CNA's contribution to our net income by $15 million. In summary CNA posted strong P&C underwriting and investment results and improved results in its non-P&C segments. Turning to Diamond Offshore. Diamond contributed a $52 million net loss compared to a $37 million net loss in last year's second quarter. Diamond's results continue to be negatively affected by the challenging conditions in the global offshore drilling market, while numerous factors impacted Diamond's quarterly results and comparison, let me highlight three of them. Number one, contract drilling revenues were down 22% year-over-year as revenue earning days declined 8%, and average daily revenue per working rig was down 14%. Downtime, contract timing and lower day rates drove these declines. Number two, contract drilling expenses were up 19%, with the increase largely attributable to the adverse impact of the amortization of deferred contract prep and more costs incurred to ready certain rigs for their current contracts. And number three, Diamond booked a rig impairment charge last year which reduced Diamond's contribution to our Q2 2018 net income by $12 million and a gain on sale this year, which increased our net income by $5 million. As we have highlighted for the past several quarters, Diamond remains focused on maintaining a healthy liquidity position while investing in its fleet to ensure its rigs are considered top tier by customers. Boardwalk's net income contribution was $53 million, up from $16 million in Q2 2018, mainly due to the increase in our ownership from 51% to 100% and the contract cancellation payment referenced earlier. Operationally Boardwalk had a good quarter, absent the contract cancellation payment, net revenues were up 5.7%, EBITDA margins expanded by about 50 basis points and EBITDA rose 6.3%. The underlying revenue increase was propelled by growth projects recently placed in service, revenue offsets included the net impact of contract restructurings, expirations and renewals. Let's turn to Loews Hotels, which contributed $12 million to our net income, down from $17 million last year. Loews Hotels underlying year-over-year earnings gains were obscured this quarter by pre-opening expenses on properties under development and by the write-off of capitalized costs related to our terminated development project. These items totaled $7 million after-tax in Q2 versus almost no such expenses last year. Revenues declined mainly due to the sale of two owned hotel properties during the past 12 months as well as renovations at a few owned hotels. As a reminder, Loews Hotels uses the equity method of accounting for its joint venture properties meaning the revenues for those properties, which include the hotels at the Universal Orlando Resort are not shown as revenue in our GAAP financial results. Loews Hotels adjusted EBITDA which excludes non-recurring items and is reported and defined in our quarterly earnings summary was $68 million in the quarter, up from $67 million in last year's second quarter. Year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA is $129 million versus $123 million last year. I would note that the renovation activity cited above and the sale of three properties over the last 12 months, two owned in one JV, held back the year-over-year adjusted EBITDA comparison. The opening of almost 4,100 rooms in Kansas City, Orlando, St, Louis, and Arlington, Texas from Q2 2019 through Q4 2020 should provide a boost to adjusted EBITDA. Turning to the parent company. Investment income was down modestly. Contributing to the decline was a lower level of invested assets including a much smaller portfolio of limited partnership investments. At June 30, the parent company portfolio of cash and investments totaled $3.5 billion with 80% in cash and equivalents and the remainder, mainly in marketable equity securities and a portfolio of limited partnership investments. The LP portfolio has declined from about $950 million at June 30, 2018 to $250 million at quarter end, consistent with our decision to shrink the size of this portfolio. As a reminder, the parent company portfolio totaled $4.7 billion on June 30, 2018, which was just prior to the July 2018 purchase for $1.5 billion of the Boardwalk LP units not previously owned by Loews. Consolidated Container, which is reported as part of other corporate results completed the acquisition of Tri State distribution late in the second quarter. Non-recurring expenses connected to the acquisition negatively affected other corporate results in Q2. We received $110 million in dividends from our subsidiaries during the past quarter, $25 million from Boardwalk and $85 million from CNA. Dividends received year-to-date totaled just over $700 million. We repurchased 3 million shares of our common stock during the second quarter for a total of $151 million. After quarter end, we repurchased an additional 421,000 shares for just under $23 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 0.4 million shares or 3.3% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. I will now hand the call back to Mary.
A - Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. We have three questions submitted from shareholders. Our first question is, a few months ago, a few months back, Jim you talked about moving Loews cash out of hedge funds. Can you give us an update on that?
Jim Tisch: Sure. So as David said, a year ago, we had about $4.7 billion in cash and liquid investments and today that number is about $3.5 billion. The reason the cash and liquid investments has declined is because offsetting the close to $1 billion of cash inflow that we had from dividends over the past year from our subsidiaries, we spent $1.5 billion acquiring the minority interest in Boardwalk, we also spent approximately $1 billion on share repurchases. So with $3.5 billion rather than close to $5 billion, we decided that we needed to make some adjustments in our investment portfolio. And one of the areas where we especially wanted to make an adjustment was in our hedge funds. We've decided that the returns that we've received on the hedge funds haven't been sufficient for the risk. My guess for why that's been the case, is that, the hedge fund space, as I think everybody knows is very, very crowded and returns have been competed away. So we still retain about $250 million in hedge funds, and we also have approximately $600 million in equities and other than that, our investments are primarily in treasury bills, treasury notes and other short-term money market instruments.
Mary Skafidas: Next question is recent capital allocation at Loews has primarily focused on share buybacks. Is Loews actively looking to add another business at the holding company level?
Jim Tisch: So what I find so amazing is that dry powder within the private equity world continues to move upwards and the leverage markets have also been very accommodating to highly levered transactions. So in my mind this has created a massive supply demand imbalance between assets that are for sale and buyers that are equal - that are eager to buy them. So what's happened is that multiples have moved up rather significantly and they've moved up in just about every sub-sector of the market. Making matters worse, investment bankers and sellers have found adjustments to earnings with which to market their assets. There is now a term called adjusted EBITDA, and as you might imagine, when someone is selling a business, adjusted EBITDA is higher oftentimes, significantly higher than the stated EBITDA. Those adjustments reflect what sellers considered to be one-time cost that should be excluded and future benefits, that should be included. So as a result, while the fancy charts may show private asset multiples approaching their 07 peaks. It's my estimation that in fact, they far surpass it. And as I would like to say, welcome to the world of low interest rates. My guess is that what we've seen going on will persist for some time and while we remain dutifully on watch for any potential opportunities, I'm basically pretty skeptical that we'll be adding a new leg in this environment. What I'm seeing today is that you really need synergies in order to make the math on any corporate acquisition work. So for all of these reasons, we continue to acquire assets where we currently have strong businesses that can make use of the synergies, but it seems to me, highly unlikely that we'll get into any new industry or business at this point in time.
Mary Skafidas: Last question from shareholder is, can you talk about CCC and what the company is doing to differentiate itself and add value to its customer base? Can you also address, how CCC is addressing the impact of its products on the environment?
Jim Tisch: So let me start with an update on our investment thesis in CCC, a reminder for you. We were attracted to CCC because it was a good size player in a highly, highly fragmented market that we felt could serve as a platform for growth for Loews in the packaging industry. As I mentioned on the call, in the past several years, Loews - since Loews acquired CCC, we've made six tuck-in acquisitions. These acquisitions have helped us to diversify CCC away from the dairy and water packaging business which has been declining and it's also these acquisitions have also added very significant post acquisitions synergies. These tuck-ins were all financed self funded by CCC. But all is not entirely sunshine in those, there are headwinds on the - in the industry, including increased labor costs and also a steeper decline in the dairy and water volumes than we had previously expected. But overall, the original investment thesis still holds. Now in terms of adding value to their customers, CCC's first step with any customer is to try to understand what their priorities are and to develop our customized packaging solution for them. So one example of providing value added is our recent CCC innovation that adds value not only by helping customers meet their needs, but also by reducing the impact of plastic packaging on the environment, and specifically, what I'm talking about is a product from CCC called Dura-Lite, it's a - in the packaging world, it really is a major leap forward. Dura-Lite was introduced in 2016, and it's a technology that creates a plastic container that is as strong or stronger than the original, but using the 10% to 20% less resin. So Dura-Lite bottles now make up more than 50% of all the dairy and water gallon bottles that CCC ships. And a side effect of that is that the Dura-Lite product has translated into 9 million fewer pounds of resin being used by CCC which gets us to the environmental part of the question. CCC is also, I'm proud to say, the second largest producer in United States of recycled high-density polyethylene, which is the major resin that CCC uses. In the past, manufacturers have been reticent to use recycled resin in packaging, because it was more expensive per unit than virgin resin. But more recently, do I believe to the focus on sustainability, that picture has started to change and we're seeing that more companies are taking an interest in using this greener somewhat more expensive packaging material. I'd like to add that CCC takes very seriously the impact the plastic packaging has on the earth and it continues to develop solutions that are better for the world and better for CCC's customers. Thanks.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Stephanie, over to you for questions on the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Now, Jim, I'm not trying to putting words in your mouth, but I did hear something that I was surprised in the prepared remarks. You said that given the valuation currently at Diamond if the - your downside was maximum $2 of value and overall low shares today, typically when people talk like that, it presents sort of a view that you think there is a possibility that maybe Diamond - the equity Diamond isn't worth anything. I don't think that's what you said. But I'd like to hear, why you share that data with us and what your outlook is?
Jim Tisch: So my outlook is that the offshore drilling business is going to come back at some point in time. What I'm pleased about with respect to Diamond is that it has a fleet that is very strong and capable and when the recovery comes which eventually will, I believe that Diamond will be able to do well in that environment. I think that a big problem for offshore drilling has been the price of oil, which has been not only volatile, but relatively low, it's competing with Shale production, which offshore drilling has been competing with Shale production and right now that is the flavor du jour for the oil markets. But while all this time has passed and while the offshore drilling market has been weak, what we've seen is a large amount of scrapping in the offshore drilling space. I've been through this movie once before in the supertanker business, in the early to mid '80s and there are two things that are going on simultaneously. Number one, we're seeing that demand is going down and we're also seeing that rigs are being laid up, and as they get laid up and those companies don't have the funds to maintain and invest in those rigs, they deteriorate sitting on the water as they do a highly corrosive environment and after a few years of that rigs become more and more expensive to reactivate. So my guess is that over the next several years, we're going to - if oil prices don't improve and if activity doesn't increase - does not increase significantly, we will see more rigs scrapped no longer in the market. And then at some point in time, the supply and the demand curve will change, there will be more demand for rigs and bingo, there won't be enough supply and before you know it, rates will go up again. So my view is that there will be at some point in time a change in the marketplace. Going back to my $2 comment, I mentioned that because Diamond Offshore is consolidated with Loews. And so it's earnings show up in our net income numbers and the mention of $2 was simply a reflection of the fact that even though those profit and loss numbers may be significant within Loews that the total value of our investment according to Mr. Market is less than $2 per Loews share.
Josh Shanker: And if the cost of financing Diamond outlast it is greater than this drought can support with Loews be willing to bridge finance Diamond to get it through the drought and your ownership stake would change of course in that situation?
Jim Tisch: So Diamond has added 4.5 years of backlog at attractive rates. We believe the Diamond based on the way it's financed has a very strong runway. And we believe that Diamond can do well in an improving environment which I think is coming. As for additional investments, we'll have to wait and see just what the opportunities are, and we will do whatever is in the best interest of the Loews shareholders.
Josh Shanker: I might be wrong in my timing a little bit, Jim, but I think, four years ago you raised some debt, I think at about a 2% yield. My numbers might not be completely right, mostly the reason was, as you couldn't believe the opportunity in the market to raise cheap financing. And so you issued some paper. Obviously, we are going into another trough period for interest rates, does Loews have any interest in expanding its balance sheet just because the timing makes sense?
Jim Tisch: No, not really. The - we have - the coupons that we have are Loews debt range from 2% and 5% ways to 6%. We don't feel that additional debt at the Loews level will make a significant difference for how we operate the business. So notwithstanding the low rates, Loews is now looking to raise any more debt. For our subsidiaries, they're using the opportunity to refinance some of their debts, but we're not borrowing speculatively at this point in time, and have no intention to do so.
Josh Shanker: And I understand that you want all of the businesses to be freestanding and supporting themselves, but at some point, does it make any economic sense for Loews to be an intermediate lender to the subsidiaries because Loews' cost of capitals much lower than theirs and they would take a loan from you and you would take a loan from the public?
Jim Tisch: So as you know from time to time, we have provided financing for our subsidiaries. But as a general principle, we want our subsidiaries to finance themselves and they all know and understand that and have structured the finances in such a way that they can get that outside financing.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Well, thank you for the answers to all my questions.
Jim Tisch: My pleasure.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Josh. And that concludes the Loews call for today. As always, thank you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on the Loews website in approximately two hours. Again, that concludes the Loews call for today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Loews Corporation Q1 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Christie, and good morning everyone. And welcome to Loews Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement, and company overview, may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include questions from shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to those comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson, will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. But before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Loews is off to a good start in 2019, due primarily to CNA, our largest subsidiary. Building on its momentum over the last several years, CNA had strong quarterly results. Since Dino Robusto became the CEO at the end of 2016, CNA's key financial metrics have been steadily improving. In comparing full-year 2016 results with first quarter 2019 results, the progress is clear. The underlying combined ratio improved by 3 points with the loss ratio decreasing by 2 points, and the expense ratio decreasing by 1 point. Notwithstanding this solid progress, CNA is still not satisfied. The company remains committed to further improving its underwriting performance, continuing to strengthen relationships with distributors to grow its book of business, and managing its expenses diligently. CNA continues to mitigate risk in its long-term care book of business by carefully managing claims and obtaining rate increases from state regulators when justified. CNA is also exploring new strategies that would simultaneously lessen the effects of rate increases on policyholders and meaningfully reduce CNA's exposure. As CNA moves forward, we are confident that the company will continue to grow its business profitably and responsibly, and that it can and will deliver even stronger operating results in the future. CNA's financial stability and strength as well as this continually improving operational performance is a major reason why Loews has recently purchased so many of its own shares. Through last Friday, we've bought 7.8 million shares or about 2.5% of the outstanding shares spending about $370 million so far in 2019. But this is nothing new for us. In 2018, we repurchased more than 20 million shares of Loews common stock representing about 6.1% of our outstanding shares at a cost of just over $1 billion. In our view, these share repurchases benefit from what Id call a triple discount. First, we believe Loews is trading at a discount to its intrinsic value; second, CNA is a high yielding stock with great prospects yet it's trading at a PE discount to its peers; and third, CNA's peer companies in the P&C insurance industry are trading at a notable discount to the S&P 500. In my view, this triple discount makes repurchasing our shares an attractive value creation lever for us. I feel like the stock market is giving us a gift, and to the extent that our shares continue to trade at what we consider to be an extraordinary discount, we are comfortable buying them in. Before I turn the call over to Dave, I want to mention some good news from Diamond Offshore. Earlier this morning, the company announced new contracts for two of its drillships with Woodside Petroleum, a major Australian E&P company. These contracts would add more than four years of backlog at attractive market rates with potential for follow-on work. The first rig is expected to start drilling in late 2020. While the day rate is not disclosed, the growth in Diamond's backlog suggests that this charter with Woodside represents a significant uptick in charter rates, due in large part I believe to Diamond's stellar operating record. David, over to you?
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For the first quarter, Loews reported net income of $394 million or $1.27 per share compared to $293 million or $0.89 per share in last year's first quarter. This healthy increase was driven by two main factors. Number one, strong investment results at both CNA and the parent company stoked by the first quarter's robust equity market performance; and number two, Boardwalk Pipeline whose contribution to our net income more than doubled year-over-year mainly due to the increase in our ownership from 51% to the current 100%. While our net income was up 34% over the prior year, earnings per share increased 43% as average shares outstanding declined 5.6% from last year's first quarter. Now let me walk through the ins and outs of the quarter, starting with CNA which accounted for over 75% of our net income in Q1 2019. CNA contributed net income of $305 million. This 17% increase was driven by three main factors. Number one, higher net investment income; number two, a higher level of investment gains; and number three, improved performance in CNA's corporate segment. Before describing these three drivers, I'd highlight that CNA continues to successfully execute on its strategy of profitable premium growth. P&C underwriting income was down, however, year-over-year as CNA posted an all-in combined ratio in the quarter of 97.8% versus 93.1% in Q1 2018. The increase in the combined ratio was attributable to higher year-over-year cat losses, a lower level of favorable prior-year development, and a slightly higher underlying combined ratio. Importantly, the underlying combined ratio, which excludes cat losses in prior year development came in at 94.9%. While this is higher than last year's first quarter, it is below CNA's full-year 2018 underlying combined ratio of 95.4%. CNA's underlying loss ratio in the quarter was extremely strong coming in below 61%, about one point better than the underlying loss ratio for full-year 2018. On the CNA earnings call earlier today, CFO James Anderson highlighted why it makes sense to compare this quarter's underlying underwriting results to full-year 2018. Let me return to the three things that drove CNA's year-over-year earnings increase. Number one, CNA reported after-tax net investment income of $465 million, up $60 million over last year's first quarter and $186 million better than fourth quarter results. The fourth quarter was negatively impacted by the sell-off in the equity markets. The year-over-year improvement in NII was attributable almost entirely to returns on CNA's portfolio of limited partnership in equity investments. This portfolio returned 4.5% in Q1 2019 versus 1.3% last year and a negative 5.7% last quarter. Number two, CNA reported after-tax investment gains of $24 million versus $10 million last year. CNA records the mark-to-market on its non-redeemable preferred stock holdings in investment gains and losses. And number three, the after-tax loss in CNA's corporate segment declined to $6 million in Q1 2019 compared to a $60 million loss last year as the company recorded a net retroactive reinsurance benefit this year as compared to a net charge in Q1 2018. As a reminder, the retroactive reinsurance results relate to the 2010 loss portfolio transfer with National Indemnity involving CNA's asbestos and environmental pollution reserves. CNA conducted an LPT reserve review in last year's first quarter. Subsequently, however, the company decided to conduct these reviews in the fourth quarter going forward. As such there was no review or charge in Q1 2019. In fact, results benefited from the amortization of the deferred gain associated with the LPT. Taken together, the year-over-year favorable variances in CNA's investment income, investment gains, and corporate segment amounted to $114 million after-tax for Loews. Turning to Diamond Offshore. Diamond contributed $37 million net loss in the first quarter compared to a $10 million positive contribution in last year's first quarter. As a reminder, Diamond's after-tax contribution last year would have been a $13 million loss if not for the favorable impact of the reversal of an uncertain tax position in the quarter. The increase to year-over-year loss was an outgrowth of the challenging conditions in the global offshore drilling market. Diamond experienced a 21% year-over-year decline in contract drilling revenues as revenue earning days were down 9% and average daily revenue per working rig was down 12%. Contract drilling margins declined 10 points from 36% to 26%. Diamond remains focused on maintaining a healthy liquidity position, while investing in its fleet to ensure its rigs are considered top tier by customers. Boardwalk's net income contribution more than doubled to $79 million predominantly due to the increase in our ownership from 51% to 100% in the third quarter of 2018. Operationally, Boardwalk had a good quarter. Net revenues were up 3.6% and EBITDA margins expanded by about two points. Pre-tax income at Boardwalk rose 11% over Q1 2018. The revenue increase was propelled by growth projects and the transportation storage of natural gas liquids. Revenue offsets included a decline in parking and lending and natural gas storage and the net impact of contract restructurings, expirations, and renewals. Moving on to Loews Hotels which contributed $13 million to our net income in Q1 2019 the same amount as last year. Those hotels underlying year-over-year earnings gains from ongoing operational improvements were obscured by strategic repositioning activity as the company both develops new hotels and selectively divests properties that no longer fit its strategy. The company booked unusual charges of $3.6 million after-tax in Q1 made up largely of an impairment charge on a property held-for-sale and pre-opening expenses on properties under development. Such charges were negligible in last year's first quarter. Those hotels adjusted EBITDA which excludes non-recurring items and as reported and defined in our quarterly earnings summary was $61 million in the quarter, up from $57 million in last year's first quarter. Turning to the Parent company, investment income was up markedly with higher returns on equities driving the year-to-year increase. At March 31, the Parent company portfolio of cash and investments totaled $3.4 billion with over 70% in cash and equivalents and the remainder mainly in marketable equity securities and a portfolio of limited partnership investments. As a reminder, the Parent company portfolio totaled close to $4.9 billion on March 31, 2018. The decline over the past 12 months resulted primarily from share repurchase activity together with the purchase last summer of the Boardwalk LP units not previously owned by Loews. Importantly, over the past year, we have kept our focus on liquidity by reducing our holdings of non-cash assets in favor of maintaining a high-level of cash and equivalents. We received $596 million in dividends from our subsidiaries during the first quarter, $26 million from Boardwalk, and $570 million from CNA which includes the $0.35 regular quarterly dividend and the $2 special dividend. As Jim mentioned, we repurchased 6.8 million shares of our common stock during the first quarter for a total of $322 million. After quarter-end, we repurchased an additional 960,000 shares for $47 million. Let me now hand the call back to Jim.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions, I want to quickly talk about Loews investment portfolio. You may recall that in the fourth quarter of 2018, our portfolio, the Loews investment portfolio had a $71 million loss leading to a pre-tax investment loss of $10 million for the year of 2018. Fast forward to the end of the first quarter in 2019 and we have recouped that fourth quarter loss and then some having ended the quarter with net investment income of about $84 million. The stock market declined 14% in the fourth quarter and has increased 13% in the first quarter. In other words, the volatility in the stock market over that time period was the driver of the volatility in our portfolio. Mary, back over to you.
A - Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Before we open up the call for questions, we have four questions submitted to us from shareholders. We encourage shareholders to send us questions that they would like us to answer, and we hope that they continue to do so. Our first question is to Jim. Jim since the P&C industry has always traded at a discount to the market, why is today's discount significant as you think about share repurchases?
JimTisch: I believe that the insurance industry, the property and casualty insurance industry, the commercial property and casualty insurance industry where CNA is dramatically less cyclical today than it was previously. 10, 20 or 30 years ago in the insurance industry, companies would earn money, they would accumulate on their balance sheet as capital, and with increasing levels of capital, they would feel they had to write more business. They would write that business, they would compete rates down significantly, and then things would get bad in the industry and they would stop writing so much business because capital had dried up and then things would move up again. The industry today is no longer cyclical like that. And the reason is I believe that Jay Fishman of blessed [ph] memory who is the CEO of Travelers for more than a decade started to buy, started to use his earnings to pay dividends and repurchase shares. And if you look at Travelers over his time as CEO, you see that statutory capital which is an index of how much business you can write never increased. But the stock price went up dramatically and that was a lesson to a lot of other companies in our sector of the market, so you see today that there is dramatically less price competition. I believe to the fact that capital, unnecessary capital is not accumulating on the balance sheets of insurance companies but rather it's being used to pay dividends and repurchase shares? So, I think that going back to the question, the property and cas, our sector of the P&C industry trades my guess at about a 25% discount to the S&P 500. I think in view of the dynamics today in the market such an enormous discount is just not warranted anymore.
Mary Skafidas: Okay, thank you, Jim. Our next question is from a shareholder who wants to know about CCC Loews' recent acquisition or most recent acquisition. So they ask, its been about two years since you acquired CCC. Can you please give us an update?
Jim Tisch: Sure. So just as a reminder, we got into -- when we got into CCC, weve been studying the packaging industry for a few years, and then when we had the opportunity to buy CCC, it was just the right company in just the right sector of the market. Its sector of the market is fragmented meaning that there are opportunities for roll-ups. There are significant economies of scale to be had by buying smaller mom and pop businesses in this industry. And the other thing, there are really good cash on cash returns to be had especially in an environment where short-term interest rates are 0%, 1%, 2% or 3%. So that was why we got into CCC in the first place. Now let's fast forward. We've had approximately the cash on cash returns that we've expected. We have the platform for growth which has been I think very compelling for us. We're able to buy businesses to the seller at say a nine times EBITDA multiple but in our hands because of our economies of scale; we're able to own them at a six multiple. We have what I think is a really defensive business that in good times and bad is going to do reasonably well. And I think most important now that we've lived with them for two years, we have a really, really strong management team who knows how to manage their business, knows how to acquire other businesses, are interested in profitable growth not growth at any cost. So from my perspective, the thesis on CCC is really playing out and we see more opportunities for acquisition, we see opportunities for organic growth, and we're very pleased with how this is working out for Loews and its shareholders.
Mary Skafidas: Excellent, thank you. Our next question is about Diamond. How does Loews feel about Diamond especially in this protracted down cycle?
Jim Tisch: So my guess is we feel much better about Diamond than the market does. Diamond reported excellent earnings -- excellent prospects today yet the stock is down significantly. My view is that at $10 a share, Diamond is trading more like a stock option than it is a stock. Weve got into Diamond now over 30 years ago and the thing that I've seen about offshore drilling it is highly cyclical. Let me take you on a short trip down memory lane. When we bought into Diamond, before it went public, we had invested a total of about $300 million. It went public; we got all of our cash back. And then, nothing really happened for a while. I forget what price the stock went public at. As such, come 2007 when the drilling business was really good, the stock got to $140 a share, $140 a share. Diamond used those good times to pay dividends to shareholders. And as I think you all know paid in excess of $40 per Diamond share in dividends. So now let's fast forward from 2007 to today. Today, Diamond trades just above $10 and just if I couldn't believe that Diamond could get to $140, likewise I can't believe that Diamond has gotten to $10. For what it's worth, I see the seeds of change in the industry. Since 2014, 120 floater rigs have been scrapped. When you also take out as a fleet, the cold stacked rigs most of which will never come back to work, there are about 200 floating rigs left in the market, and they're operating at about 65% or 70% operating rate. So, I saw this in the shipping industry in the early 80s, and I've seen this in the offshore drilling business. As long as the market stays at the level that it's at, there will continue to be scrapping from the fleet. And additionally, I believe that with oil prices at these levels, $65 on WTI and $70 on Brent, there is more than enough opportunity for our customers to have good operating profits on drilling prospects. So I think that there will be increases in demand for rigs. I think the size of the fleet will continue to come down, and then one day bam, it's going to happen, supply will have come down, demand will go up. Demand is highly, highly, highly inelastic, and it would not be surprising at all for me -- for all of us to see day rate increases of $50,000, $100,000, $200,000 a day. There's no doubt in my mind that over the next four to five years that can happen. And the thing, I like about Diamond's position in this industry is that it's got a lot of runway for that to happen. So I actually feel pretty good about where Diamond is. One additional thing, Diamond has for us an $800 million market value. Yet as you can see from the earnings, it has an oversized effect on Loews Corp.'s overall earnings. So it's one of the reasons, I looked at some of the parts for Loews as a value measure as opposed to earnings per share.
Mary Skafidas: Okay, thank you, Jim. Our last question from shareholders has to do with CNA, Jim obviously you think CNA is trading cheap to its peers. What do you think about that valuations of Loews other subsidiaries?
JimTisch: I love all my children both in family and at work. And I've spent a lot of time talking about CNA this morning and in the past because CNA represents a significant portion of the value of Loews. But I also think that all of our other subsidiaries have very good prospects. I just talked about Diamond Offshore and the upside potential, I see for offshore drilling. I see that in our hotel business where we have lots of opportunities to build hotels at what we consider to be very, very attractive rates of return for us. I see it in Boardwalk Pipelines where we've had down EBITDA and chances are -- sorry flat EBITDA and the possibility of down EBITDA going forward. But over the past year, I think there are up -- we've also seen some opportunities for some upside. Likewise, CCC has opportunities in front of it. And so when I put it all together, I see overall lots of opportunity for Loews. The other thing, as I said before, is we're happy buying in our shares. Last year we bought in billion dollars of our shares, we're on a similar pace this year and to the extent that Loews shares are like Rodney Dangerfield and not getting any respect, we're happy to buy them in.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you. Okay. Christie we'd like to turn it --
Jim Tisch: This is not Christie.
Mary Skafidas: Clearly. Christie, we'd like to turn the call over to you and open up the call for additional questions from conference call participants.
Operator: Sure. [Operator Instructions]. And your first question is from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Good morning. So I don't mean to be reductive but I call Loews a multiline investment conglomerate. I hope you won't be too disappointed.
Jim Tisch: I call it -- we are -- I call it unabashedly a conglomerate. So no we're not upset with that.
Josh Shanker: Okay. So one of your not early competitor, but one of your peers who was a very established company said recently that he would expect to warn your shareholders over the long run that he doesn't think you can much outperform the S&P 500. And is that a function of -- you don't have to speak about his company. But when you think about Loews, is Loews ability, I'm thinking long-term, do so a function of size and does that diminish over time or is it that you have an unusual mix of businesses you believe that are better than market businesses?
Jim Tisch: So I know Loews really well. I don't know the S&P 500 as well as I know Loews. So I can't opine to you whether Loews is going to outperform or underperform the S&P 500. What I know is that the opportunity set that we have in front of us at Loews given our cash flow, given our five individual businesses, and given our share price. What I know is that I think there is a great opportunity for us to build value for our shareholders over the intermediate and long-term. As for whether or not we'll outperform the S&P 500, I don't know that's not -- that's not my bogey because I can't control in any way what other companies are doing within their industries.
Josh Shanker: Okay. By extension look you're also -- you do generally a lot of free cash and you can use that to buy back your own stock or you can use that to become an expert in another company and buy that company. Do you believe that ultimately the valuation discount of Loews is so great that the benchmark necessary to put new money to work in a sixth business is quite high for you to try and exceed?
Jim Tisch: Yes. So there is one other factor that you didn't mention. And that is probably $1 trillion of unused equity at private equity firms and those firms can easily lever up by 100%. So that means that there's probably $2 trillion of dry powder sitting in those firms. And as a result, we see very high prices for businesses that are in what I would call the sweet spot of what we're looking for. We don't need to buy another business. And from the actions speak louder than words department, what you can see is that our investment focus has been and continues to be repurchase of our own shares.
Josh Shanker: And then I guess I might misquote you, Jim, but a few times you've had a Eureka moment, where you could say, "This little money buys this much stuff". I don't think that's exactly how you said it. Do you expect to have one of those again or is market efficiency gotten to the point where the idea that you're going to find oil tankers available at scrap value just doesn't possibly make sense anymore?
JimTisch: Yes, so that was the -- you're quoting the Jim Tisch $5 million test that I developed in about 1982 standing on the deck of a Supertanker where I looked to the front, I looked to the rear, I looked to both sides. I scratched my head and I said you mean you get all this for $5 million? And in fact I thought that was a once in a lifetime opportunity. But in fact just eight years later, the Jim Tisch $5 million test came in handy in getting into the offshore drilling business where I stood on the deck of an offshore drilling rig, and uttered literally, the exact same words to myself. So since that day in 1988, no, we haven't seen another time when the $5 million test worked for us. I'm sure that it occurred to other people and we're always on the lookout for such opportunities. But at the present time, my crystal ball doesn't show any that are waiting for us to snatch them up.
Josh Shanker: All right. And one final question that may dovetail. You mentioned getting out of hotels that no longer fits the strategy of Loews Hotels and acquiring more properties that do. Can you enunciate in a concise way what the strategy is right now?
Jim Tisch: Sure. We have learned a lot from our experience in Orlando where we're operating six hotels at above market room rates and above market occupancy. And those hotels have earned very significant rates of returns for us and our partners at Universal. And so we've translated that experience into our strategy for our hotel business. Rather than buying hotels in cities that may or may not fully fit, what we're trying to do, we are building our own properties oftentimes in partnership with municipalities that really fit into this strategy of having a demand driver nearby where we can do significant amounts of Group business and earn what we believe are above market returns on our equity investments. And we're building in Texas now, we're building in Kansas City, we're building in St. Louis, we're building more hotels in Orlando. And from my perspective, our plate is pretty full. And we see, we're generating new opportunities every year. So I feel really good about the strategy. I feel really good about the opportunity set and now it's going to be up to us and the people in our hotel company to execute and generate the returns that we think are entirely within reach.
Josh Shanker: Great. I make sure that I call you after I develop my novels into a Theme Park as well.
JimTisch: Okay.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Josh. That concludes our call for today. As always we want to thank you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately two hours. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews Corporation Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas to begin.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporations fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview, may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include questions from our shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the Companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the Companys filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter and the year. But before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Loews had a disappointing fourth quarter, results negatively affected by higher than expected catastrophe losses at CNA and severe declines in the stock market at the end of 2018, impacting both Loews and CNAs investment portfolios. Specifically with regard to CNA, lets put these equity related losses in context. While the stock market declined 14% in the fourth quarter, CNAs limited partnership and common equity portfolios were down 5.7% or about a $138 million, counterbalancing CNAs fourth quarter investment performance, underlying operations for the full year were strong. In 2018, net written premiums grew by 4% and rate increased by 2.6%. CNAs underlying combined ratio improved for the second straight year and while CNAs loss ratio ticked up slightly in 2018, its essentially on par with its top quartile peers. Additionally, CNA has reduced its expense ratio by 2 points over the past two years, while still making necessary investments in technology, analytics and talents. Earlier today, in light of the full year 2018 results and its strong balance sheet and the CNA Boards positive outlooks, CNA declared a $0.35 quarterly dividend as well as a $2 special dividend. These dividend payments will result in Loews receiving $570 million in dividends from CNA in March of this year. Over the last five years, including the upcoming March dividend payment, Loews will have received almost $4 billion in dividends from CNA. Moving on to Loews Hotels, Im happy to report that the company had a stellar year. In 2018, Loews Hotels adjusted EBITDA grew by 15% and has nearly doubled since 2014. This tremendous progress is due to operational improvements and the Companys ongoing commitment to grow in two focus areas. First, Loews Hotels is concentrating on highly profitable distinguished hotels that cater to group business. These hotels are better able to withstand disruptors such as the sharing economy. These hotels typically have between 300 and 800 rooms along with significant meeting space, properties such as our hotels in Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as the soon to be opened Loews Kansas City hotel. The other area of focus for Loews Hotels continues to be developing hotel properties that have unique built-in demand generators. More than 20 years ago, Loews Hotels CEO, John Tisch set this strategy in motion with the Companys initial 50-50 partnership with NBCUniversal in developing hotels on their Orlando theme park campus, a partnership that has resulted in a highly profitable long-term joint venture for Loews Hotels and Universal. Starting with the Loews Portofino Bay Hotel in 1999 with 750 rooms, the partnership now has six properties on the Orlando campus with 6,200 rooms. There are another 2,800 rooms under construction, the first 750 of which are set to open in June of this year. These hotels in Orlando dramatically outperformed their competitive set in average daily rate occupancy rate and therefore RevPAR. We hope to continue our success in managing themed concepts and one-of-a-kind destinations with our Live! By Loews Hotels. The Live! By Loews Hotel in Arlington, Texas being developed in partnership with The Cordish Companies and the Texas Rangers is set to open this summer at the base of Globe Life Park and next to AT&T Stadium. In early 2020, the Live! By Loews in St. Louis will open. We are partnering with The Cordish Companies on this hotel as well along with the St. Louis Cardinals. The property will be located next to Busch Stadium. Before turning the call over to David, I want to discuss share repurchases, which I believe have been and will continue to be a significant means of creating value for Loews shareholders. In 2018, we repurchased a little over 20 million shares of Loews common stock for just over $1 billion, which was equivalent of about 6% of our outstanding shares. We dont have an automatic share repurchase program, because were sensitive to the price at which we buy back our shares. We repurchased Loews stock only when its trading below our view of its true, intrinsic value. We believe this capital allocation tools is one of the best ways to create value for all Loews shareholders over the intermediate to long-term. And on that note, David over to you.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Today we reported fourth quarter net loss of $165 million or $0.53 per share, as compared to net income of $481 million or $1.43 per share in last years fourth quarter. For the full year, we reported net income of $636 million or $1.99 per share, down from $1.16 billion or $3.45 per share in 2017. As a reminder, included in last years fourth quarter and full year net income was a $200 million net benefit related to the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We have included a table in our earnings supplement laying out the impact of this net benefit by reporting segment. In my ensuing remarks, I will speak to results before the Q4 2017 impact of the Tax Act. Note that the year-over-year comparisons were also affected by the ongoing impact of the lower U.S. corporate tax rate. Let me start by discussing the key drivers of our fourth quarter loss and then turn my attention to our full year results. As Jim mentioned, the two main drags on our earnings in Q4 were investment results at both CNA and the parent company caused by difficult equity market conditions and catastrophe losses at CNA caused primarily by Hurricane Michael and the California wildfires. At CNA, the Companys limited partnership and common stock investments lost ground in the fourth quarter, yielding a negative return versus positive results in Q4 2017. This swing accounted for $126 million of the decline in CNAs contribution to our net income. As Jim highlighted, negative returns in a quarter when the S&P 500 was down 14% are no surprise. Additionally at CNA, the company had realized investment losses in the fourth quarter versus realized gains last year. This change accounted for another $73 million of the decline in CNAs net income contribution. The Loews parent company portfolio of limited partnership and common stock investments also lost ground in Q4, accounting for $82 million of the decline in after-tax investment income. A lower level of invested assets in 2018 also contributed to the year-over-year decline. As for catastrophe losses, CNA booked $146 million of pre-tax losses in the fourth quarter, as compared to just $38 million in last years fourth quarter. CNA is in the business of assuming risk, so it fully expects to absorb catastrophe losses in the quarter with such significant catastrophe activity. The higher level of catastrophe losses at CNA accounted for $81 million of the year-over-year decline in CNAs contribution to our net income. To summarize, the factors cited above in total accounted for over 80% of the year-over-year decline in our quarterly net income, excluding the one-time impact of the Tax Act. A couple more observations on the quarter before turning to the full year. Average shares outstanding declined 7% from last years fourth quarter, reflecting our share repurchase activity and the reduction in the corporate tax rate, actually exaggerated the size of the year-to-year quarterly variance in our after-tax results given the pre-tax losses at CNA, Diamond and the parent company. Now let me review our full year results. As I mentioned earlier, our net income of $636 million in 2018 was lower than the $964 million we earned in 2017, which excludes the $200 million one-time impact of the Tax Act. CNAs core underwriting results were strong in 2018, as it posted a consistent underlying combined ratio of 95.4% and net written premium growth of 4%. Catastrophe losses were actually down on an annual basis, but offsetting this, the company posted a lesser amount of favorable prior year development. All in all, at CNA, pre-tax underwriting income was up modestly. The main drivers therefore, of the year-to-year decline in CNAs contribution to our net income were net realized investment losses, lower P&C net investment income and increased charges related to the loss portfolio transfer. Let me touch on [indiscernible] CNA swung from realized gains in 2017 to losses in 2018. This swing reduced our net income by $112 million relative to last year. P&C investment income for 2018 was hurt by a $42 million pre-tax loss generated by limited partnership and common stock investments, as compared to $207 million of pre-tax gains in the prior year. This change reduced our net income by $150 million versus last year. Finally CNAs Corporate segment contributed to the year-to-year decline, largely due to prior year development on the loss portfolio transfer with National Indemnity. As a reminder, in 2010, CNA sees a substantially all of its legacy asbestos and environmental liabilities to National Indemnity, through a loss portfolio transfer. Activity under the loss portfolio transfer is accounted for using retroactive reinsurance accounting, which is described in all its glory in our 10-K. CNA recorded adverse net prior year reserve development under the loss portfolio transfer in 2018, which reduced Loews year-over-year net income by $34 million. Turning to Diamond. Diamond Offshore reported a pre-tax loss of $226 million as compared to a loss of $22 million in 2017. Stripping out non-recurring items, such as asset impairments in both years and a loss on the early extinguishment of debt in 2017, the year-to-year pre-tax comparison is a pre-tax loss of $176 million in 2018, against pre-tax income of $118 million in 2017. Diamond continued to experience a fall-off in revenues in 2018, given the difficult market conditions and the effects of contract renegotiations. Contract drilling revenues fell 27% at both revenue earning days and average daily revenue declined. Operating expenses excluding non-recurring items declined only 6%, resulting in a swing from pre-tax operating income in 2017 to an operating loss in 2018. As weve discussed, Diamond is positioning itself for an eventual upturn. In 2019, Diamond will be investing approximately $350 million in its fleet to ensure its race continue to be considered top tier by customers. Diamond ended the year with over $450 million in cash and equivalents. The company has over $1.2 billion of revolver capacity until 2020 and $950 million of capacity into 2023. Boardwalk experienced a 32% decline in pre-tax income in 2018, which excludes the loss on the sale of a processing plant in 2017. Net revenues declined 5%, as transportation revenues from growth projects and higher system utilization were more than offset by unfavorable parking loan and storage revenues, as well as the net negative impact of transportation contract expirations, renewals and restructurings. Moreover, expenses were up given higher depreciation expense from new growth projects, resulting in pre-tax margins declining from 27% to 20%. Despite the decline in pre-tax income, Boardwalks contribution to our net income, excluding the loss on sale and one-time Tax Act impacts rose from $101 million in 2017 to $135 million in 2018. The increased net income contribution relates to our purchase in July of 2018 of the outstanding publicly held common units of Boardwalk. For the second half of the year, we included 100% of Boardwalks earnings in our net income, versus just 50%  51% during all of 2017 and the first half of 2018. As Jim mentioned, Loews Hotels had a strong year, generating pre-tax income of $73 million, up from $65 million in 2017. Excluding all non-recurring items such as impairments, disposition gains and losses and pre-opening expenses, pre-tax income increased from $54 million in 2017 to $72 million in 2018. The extent of Loews Hotels non-recurring items primarily relates to ongoing portfolio management along with the development of new properties, all consistent with the companys strategic focus on group meetings hotels and immersive destinations. Loews Hotels adjusted EBITDA, which is defined and disclosed in our quarterly earnings supplement, rose 15% in 2018 to $228 million. Numerous properties, including the six hotels at the Universal Orlando Resort, the Loews Miami Beach and the Loews Philadelphia to name just a few performed well during the year. Parent company net investment income was down meaningfully in 2018. The small loss we posted for the year, stemmed from disappointing returns on our holdings of equity securities and LPs, again, largely attributable to the equity market drop in Q4. Also, our portfolio of cash and investments averaged $3.9 billion in 2018, down from an average of over $5 billion in 2017. Share repurchase activity and the purchase of the Boardwalk units, caused the decrease. We continue to maintain an extremely strong and liquid balance sheet. At year-end, the parent company portfolio totaled $3.1 billion with 62% in cash and equivalents, 33% in LPs and marketable equity securities and the remaining 5% in fixed maturities. During the fourth quarter, we received $110 million in dividends from our subsidiaries. $85 million from CNA and $25 million from Boardwalk. For the full year, we received total dividends of $878 million from CNA and Boardwalk, with CNA contributing $801 million of that amount. Today CNA declared a $2 per share special dividend in addition to its regular $0.35 quarterly dividend. Combining the two, Loews will receive $570 million in dividends from CNA this quarter. We repurchased 2.9 million shares in the fourth quarter for a $135 million and 20.3 million shares during all of 2018 for just over $1 billion. Since year-end, we have repurchased an additional 0.9 million shares at an average price of about $46.50. I will now hand the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. Well now go to questions from shareholders.
A - Mary Skafidas: Our first question is, CNAs earnings this quarter are pretty ugly. Can you add to your prepared remarks and comment further on their results?
Jim Tisch: Sure, Mary. First of all, earnings were very ugly, but it was driven by two main factors, one was catastrophe losses and in that department, our catastrophe losses for the quarter were $146 million versus $38 million in the prior year. I should add that the $146 million of catastrophe losses that we had in the quarter was in no way disproportionate to the size of CNA. On a combined ratio basis, that was 8.6 points versus 2.3 points in the prior year for the quarter. Aside from catastrophe losses, the other thing that hurt CNAs earnings significantly was the investment results, and specifically the results from our LP portfolio and common stocks, which was a $138 million loss in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of the prior year, which was a $50 million gain. And in my opinion, those two temporary factors are overshadowing a lot of the good things that are going on at CNA. Net written premiums for the year last year were up 4%, gross written premiums were up 7% and the difference between the 7% and the 4% is the additional reinsurance that CNA is purchasing. The underlying combined ratio was 95.4% about the same as last year. CNA paid a dividend  announced the dividend  announced the quarterly  regular quarterly dividend as well as the $2 special dividend, in my opinion, reflecting the Boards confidence in the results of CNA and the way that the company is operating and proceeding. CNA continues to achieve significant rate increases across a number of lines. So from my perspective, things at CNA, notwithstanding the relatively ugly quarter, are really going pretty well.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim for that additional clarification. Our next question is on Loews Hotels. Loews Hotels has a number of development projects under way. Can you expand on the Loews Hotels strategy?
Jim Tisch: Sure. What weve seen is that there is a generational shift in spending, where the millennial generation is moving more toward experiences rather than things. We see this play out especially in Orlando, with our joint venture with Universal theme parks. We have six hotels there and were building a seventh hotel now that has 2,800 rooms. On the Comcast earnings call, Brian Roberts reported something that we already knew that the occupancy ratio of our Orlando hotels is over 90%. And as I mentioned in my remarks, as a result of the occupancy ratio and the higher than market average daily rate, were able to achieve extraordinary RevPAR numbers in that market. So what weve done is weve taken the learnings that we have from Orlando and weve applied it to the rest of our business. First, we are striving to be close to demand generators, whether its a sports arena, a stadium or a convention center. Secondly, we are working hard to leverage our unique position in the hotel business. We own our own hotels, were not a manager of hotels. And therefore, we are willing to put up money to develop hotel properties and as a result, we find that partners are very willing to work with us. And those partners are financial partners as well as municipal partners. And as a result, were able  we find to procure for ourselves very attractive development opportunities, which were now moving forward with in St. Louis, in Arlington and Kansas City. When investing holding company cash, were very, very cognizant of the need to earn good rates of return, and we believe that the hotels that were investing in are doing just that. We have a team thats continuing to look for additional opportunities, and I suspect that in the coming years, well see opportunities that is attractive to us as what were doing in these three new markets that were developing right now.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim. Next question is on Diamond Offshore. How do you feel about the offshore drilling market is recovering on the horizon? Why hasnt Diamond taken part in industry consolidation?
Jim Tisch: So, one of the nice things about having been in the business for over 40 years is that youve seen a lot of things. And I like to think that with respect to offshore drilling, Ive seen this movie before in the supertanker business. In the supertanker business, there was a glut of supertankers in the early 80s. Through scrapping, deterioration of the rigs and a slight increase in demand, we saw a whipsaw recovery in the mid to late 1980s. And I see for offshore drilling a similar thing thats happening now. First of all, all the offshore drilling companies are managing to one thing and one thing only at this point in time. And that is to cash. Cash is the thing that theyre not earning that they desperately need in order to stay in business. So for the rigs that are not operating, its a big lift for them to spend cash on maintaining those rigs with no business opportunities in sight. And what happens, Ive seen very clearly from the tanker industry and also from offshore drilling is that when ships, rigs, drillships are left on the water and they are not operating, then they can deteriorate very rapidly. Combined with that right now, oil prices are relatively low at about $52 a barrel for WTI, and about $61 a barrel for Brent oil. My belief is that with an increase in oil prices, which I see happening, I think we could see over the coming years, a pretty significant increase in demand and that demand increase will first go to rigs that are already operating and then, later on to rigs that are stacked. Our estimation is that the cost to recommission a rig, thats been stacked for a number of years can easily be in excess of $100 million per rig and that cash today just doesnt exist in the industry to recommission more than a few rigs. So I think that the recommissioning of rigs will be slow, especially in view of the fact that our customers tend to like to use rigs that have already been working, rather than rigs that are being recommissioned. So I think its going to be a long time for rigs to come back to meet the demand that I foresee going forward. In terms of Diamond. Diamond has a relatively long runway within the industry. Diamond had at the end of the quarter about $450 million in cash and it has an additional borrowing capacity of about $1 billion. So its got close to $1.5 billion of liquidity that really is the runway for Diamond, which is substantially in excess of a lot of our other competitors. In terms of consolidation, weve looked for opportunities, but what I would say is the  we have not been able to find any transactions that would be accretive to value for all Diamond shareholders. So we continue to look for opportunities. I would say that the spread between bid and ask for drilling assets is very wide, and the only transactions that really seem to get done these days are transactions where somebody gives their shares in return for buying other shares. But we continue to scour the earth to have discussions, but to date, theres not much to report.
Mary Skafidas: Okay. Thank you, Jim. Laurie, wed like to turn the call over to you to open up the call for additional questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Good morning, everybody.
Jim Tisch: Good morning.
David Edelson: Hi.
Josh Shanker: Good morning. Jim, I think I have asked you this question before, but it takes, I guess, a new sort of meaning. CNA says theyre going to be getting out of a bunch of hedge funds that they put money into, and I kind of feel you may disagree that a good part of CNAs money is your money. What is the investment philosophy around risk assets that make sense for Loews? And in terms of like being in those hedge funds, not in those hedge funds, I know you have also a pool  a small pool of money at Loews you run with risk on it. What is the overriding way that you think about trying to allocate portfolios to risk assets?
Jim Tisch: Sure. So first, let me address the issue of results. At Loews, in the first five weeks, five or six weeks of this year, we have earned back all that we lost in the fourth quarter of last year. So we reported a loss of about $70 million in our portfolio in the fourth quarter of last year, and the portfolio was up by more than that at Loews. At CNA, theyve recovered over 60% of their losses. But let me take a minute and talk about the different types of things that people can be invested in. You can invest in stocks, you can invest in hedge funds, you can invest in private equity. And one of the things thats  thats struck me in this past  in the past few months is that in the fourth quarter, the S&P 500 was down 14%, our hedge funds were down about 6%, and generally, across the board private equity firms have reported no loss at all. And I actually find that quite incredulous. Its what I would call a self-graded exam. There was a temporary drop in the market and the private equity firms didnt report a loss. Its inconceivable to me that stocks could be down 14% and that there is no loss in private equity. So CNA is in some ways bearing the pain of being mark-to-market, whereas in private equity, there is more of what I would call a mark to moving average, but its just something that we have to deal with. In terms of the strategy, CNAs had a very good run with hedge funds as has Loews. Were starting to de-emphasize them because we think that, number one, theres an awful lot of capital thats invested in them. We think the returns has been competed down. Additionally, in todays  over the past 10 years, you were able to earn zero on your cash balances. Today you can easily earn 2.5% to 3%. So simply investing in cash is not such a terrible alternative to hedge funds. Were looking at risk assets that go beyond hedge funds and private equity. Were looking at certain debt instruments. Were looking at certain, what I would call, nontraditional private equity investments. Were just trying to figure out over the coming year what will be the best vehicles for risk assets for both CNA and for Loews.
David Edelson: And, Josh, let me just add that if you look at the quarter, obviously, it looks pretty ugly on the year. This portfolio was down just under 2%. The prior year it made 9% returns. And the year before that, it made 6% returns. So clearly, just focusing in solely on the fourth quarter its an aberration.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you. And if I can get one more in. Changing gears, can we talk about acquisition pipeline and how it looks for Consolidated Container?
Jim Tisch: Theres a  they made, I think three acquisition last year, and each one relatively small. And there are a number of other opportunities thats in their pipeline and theyre continuing to kick tires. What we found is that our thesis is proving out that were able to acquire smaller manufacturers of containers at say, 8 or 9 times EBITDA, and as a result, own it, because of our economies of scale at 6 and 7 times EBITDA. So were very pleased with the acquisition market, and were also pleased with our overall investment in CCC.
Josh Shanker: Would all acquisitions that CCC does be self-funded?
Jim Tisch: To date, they have been, and based on the set of opportunities that were looking at, we continue to believe that they will be self-funding.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thank you very much.
David Edelson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the Q&A portion of the conference. Ill now return the call to Mary Skafidas for any closing comments.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurie. As always, thank you, everyone for your continued interest. A replay of this call will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes Loews call for today.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Loews Corporation Q4 2018 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - VP, IR & Corporate Communications  James Tisch - President, CEO & Director David Edelson - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning, my name is Samantha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Corporation Q3 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Samantha. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few moments, our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson, will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. Before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
James Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Today, I'd like to talk briefly about 2 things, CNA and share repurchases. CNA delivered another good quarter, thanks to strong operational results and more normalized catastrophe losses. While good quarterly results are always welcome, at Loews, we understand that there are a number of factors that can positively or negatively impact earnings. And for that reason, we focus on making decisions and running businesses for the long term, and we continue to see positive outcomes from some of the decisions made over the past decade at CNA. CNA has worked hard to strengthen its underwriting talent, improve its technology infrastructure and expand its distribution network, all while maintaining its fortress balance sheet. CNA has also actively managed the risks from its runoff, long-term care segment. On their earnings call earlier this morning, the company's CEO, Dino Robusto; and CFO, James Anderson, walked shareholders through additional details about their long-term care book of business. CNA's proactive management of this business, together with its reserve unlocking at year-end 2015, has led to several years of stable results. And at Loews, we feel great about how they've handled it. Let me hit some of the highlights that Dino and James talked about. First, the long-term care business is a closed book of business that's in the runoff mode. CNA has not written a new individual long-term care policy since 2003. And since 2015, the number of individual policyholders has decreased by 15%. Also, around 2003, CNA stopped accepting new group long-term care policies. The active lives in these group policies have declined 29% since the end of 2015. Additionally, CNA's long-term care book of business is mature. The company has processed more than 100,000 claims, which have yielded solid data that CNA is using to model reserves for the segment going forward. We are confident that CNA's long-term care reserves are built on prudent assumptions. For example, CNA's reserves assume only rate increases that CNA has already filed but have not yet been approved, or rate increases that the company plans to file in the near future as part of a current rate increase program. Beyond that, no other rate increases are assumed. At Loews, we're very interested in CNA's long-term care book of business and their active management of it. We engage with CNA regularly about the company's strategic direction for the long-term care segment as well as its reserves. And we feel confident that CNA is adequately reserved and is managing the business appropriately. And if you need more proof of how we feel about CNA, look no further than our share repurchases. Since the beginning of 2014, we have purchased about 74 million shares of Loews stock at a total cost of $3.2 billion, fully cognizant of CNA's long-term care exposure. As our largest subsidiary, CNA makes up a significant portion of the value of each Loews common share, so our buybacks underscore the confidence we feel in our insurance subsidiary's long-term value-creation power. Year-to-date, we've repurchased 5.5% of our outstanding common stock or more than 18 million shares at a total cost of about $920 million. As long-term listeners to this call know, at Lowes, we don't have an automatic share repurchase program, buying shares no matter what. We are very sensitive to the price we pay for anything, especially our shares. When we can repurchase Loews' shares at below our view of their intrinsic value, we feel that's a great use of our cash. Share buybacks remain one of the most effective ways to invest in our business while also rewarding long-term holders of the stock. Rather than complain about the prices of Loews and CNA, we recognize the gift that the markets are giving us, and we buy our shares. Over to you, David.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For the third quarter, Loews reported net income of $278 million or $0.88 per share, up from $157 million or $0.46 per share in last year's third quarter. Our EPS comparison benefited from share repurchase activity over the past 12 months. Page 13 of our earnings supplement sets forth the key quarterly drivers. A quick summary of the quarter. CNA accounted for the bulk of our year-over-year net income improvement as lower catastrophe losses and continued strong underlying -- underwriting income drove the results. Boardwalk and Loews Hotels also posted favorable year-over-year contributions. Offsetting these increases were lower contributions from Diamond Offshore and the parent company investment portfolio. As in Q1 and Q2, the lower corporate tax rate benefited our year-over-year after-tax results. Now for more detail. CNA's after-tax earnings contribution was $300 million, up $170 million from Q3 2017. P&C underwriting income drove the increase. CNA's third quarter combined ratio improved almost 10 points from 103.7 in 2017 to 94.2 in 2018, translating into a $161 million increase in pretax P&C underwriting income at CNA. Lower catastrophe losses at CNA drove the year-over-year underwriting improvement. In 2017, CNA had pretax catastrophe losses of $269 million or 16.5 points versus only $46 million or 2.6 points in this year's third quarter. Catastrophe losses reduced Loews' third quarter net income by $32 million this year versus $170 million last year. CNA booked favorable prior year development in both Q3 2018 and Q3 2017, although the amount of favorable development was less this year than last, partially offsetting the earnings impact of this substantially lower catastrophe losses. CNA's underlying combined ratio of 94.8, which excludes cats and prior year development, was essentially in line with last year's third quarter. Other factors favorably impacting CNA's year-over-year comparison were higher after-tax net investment income, the absence this year of last year's loss on the early redemption of debt and higher income in the Life & Group segment, which includes long-term care. CNA has disclosed more information about its long-term care business in its quarterly earnings presentation, which can be found on its IR website. Please note that CNA completed its long-term care reserve review in Q3 and intends to shift its reserve review to the third quarter going forward. The company's GAAP LTC reserves, which totaled just under $12 billion, are split approximately 77-23 between reserves for future policy benefits, also known as active life reserves, and claims reserves. This year's review resulted in a modest favorable release from its claims reserve and no unlocking of its active life reserves. Turning to Diamond Offshore. Diamond contributed a net loss of $27 million in Q3 2018 as compared to net income of $6 million last year, reflecting their continued decline in drilling activity and average day rate for Diamond fleet. Contract drilling revenues declined 21% versus only a 5% decline in contract drilling costs. Revenue earning days and average daily revenue were both down as the company experienced contract expirations as well as rigs rolling to lower day rates. Unusual items affected Diamond's earnings in both years' third quarters. Diamond's 2018 contribution was reduced by $8 million because of a legal settlement. Last year, a loss on the early retirement of debt reduced our earnings by $11 million. Diamond continues to focus on ensuring it has ample liquidity during this extended market trough. At the beginning of our October, Diamond executed a new 5-year $950 million revolving credit facility. The new revolver is in addition to Diamond's existing revolver, which was reduced to $325 million, $100 million, of which matures in 2019 and the remainder in the fourth quarter of 2020. Currently, both of the facilities remain undrawn. Boardwalk contributed $28 million to our net income, up from $17 million last year. The year-over-year comparison was affected by Loews' 100% ownership of Boardwalk in Q3 2018 versus 51% last year. Had Loews owned 100% of Boardwalk in last year's third quarter, net income contribution would have declined year-over-year even with the reduction in the corporate tax rate. The decline in profitability stemmed from margin compression, which caused Boardwalk's pretax income to drop from $69 million to $38 million in Q3 2018. The company experienced a $17 million decrease in net operating revenues, a $12 million increase in operating expenses and a slight increase in interest expense. The revenue decline was driven by contract expirations, contract renewals at lower rates, contract restructurings and lower parking & lending and storage results. Partially offsetting these declines were revenues generated by the growth projects and higher system utilization. Boardwalk's operating expenses increased because of the depreciation property taxes and employee-related costs. Loews Hotels had a terrific third quarter. Its net income contribution was $11 million, up from $4 million in Q3 2017. Its adjusted EBITDA, which is reported and defined in our quarterly earnings supplement, rose nearly 17% from last year's third quarter to $49 million. Loews Most Miami Beach and Coronado were the main drivers of the improved performance. Continued earnings growth generated by the Universal Orlando joint venture was masked by costs associated with the opening of the 600-room Aventura Hotel during the third quarter. Turning to the parent company. Pretax investment income was $5 million, down $43 million from the prior year's third quarter driven by lower returns on equities and alternatives. The corporate tax rate differential between the 2 years benefited the year-over-year after-tax comparison. Corporate and other was consistent with the prior year on a pretax basis. The higher after-tax loss was solely attributable to the lower tax rate in Q3 2018. During Q3 2018, we received $111 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $85 million from CNA and $26 million from Boardwalk. We repurchased 1.8 million shares during the third quarter at an aggregate cost of $88 million. We purchased an additional 1 million shares since quarter end for approximately $47 million. As Jim mentioned, we have repurchased 18.4 million shares during 2018 for about $923 million, representing 5.5% of our shares outstanding at year-end 2017. Loews ended the quarter with $3.2 billion in cash and investments. As I stated last quarter, we are rebalancing our invested assets in light of the cash used to acquire the Boardwalk units. At quarter end, cash and equivalents accounted for over 60% of the parent company portfolio. Let me now turn it back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. Samantha, we'd like to open the call for questions. Can you provide participants with instructions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker: I wanted to bring back a question, maybe I've asked you in private or maybe public in the past. Thoughts on another 10% of CNA being publicly traded and how liquidity impacts fair valuation for that company.
James Tisch: When you say another 10%, do you mean...
Joshua Shanker: Or thereabout, not below 80% held by you guys.
James Tisch: You mean at selling shares down to 80%?
Joshua Shanker: Yes.
James Tisch: We're very happy with our investment in CNA. We're buying in the shares of Loews. For every share of Loews, there's more than 0.77 shares of CNA. So for the life of me, I can't imagine why it is we should sell shares of CNA. We think Loews is cheap. We think CNA is cheap.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. Well, do you think it might be able to more fully realize its valuation if there was more liquidity?
James Tisch: The last sentence of my comments said that if the market isn't going to price our shares and CNA's shares accordingly, we'll just take the gift and buy in the shares. Listen, I would love for CNA to be at a price that reflects its true value. But as you know, I don't complain about it. We put our money where our mouth is instead.
Joshua Shanker: And in terms of positioning the investment portfolio, do you have some comments about any changes you might be making as we go into 2019?
James Tisch: So we're pleased with the increase in treasury rates. That should allow CNA to get a higher rate of returning on money that it has to reinvest that is otherwise might have earlier this year or over the past few years. In terms of equities, we're not making a big change to our portfolio now. As David has said, we have reduced our hedge fund portfolio somewhat, reflective the fact -- of the fact that we have $3 billion to $3.5 billion of investment assets rather than $5 billion. And likewise, there's been a slight reduction of hedge funds at CNA. But otherwise, there has been no major moves in the portfolios. One other thing that -- I'm sorry, one other thing that's happened is that as a result of the tax bill, we've -- at CNA, they've begun to reduce their municipal bond portfolio, and that's because with a 35% tax rate, immunities have a lot more value to CNA than when the corporate tax rate is 21%.
Joshua Shanker: That was my follow-up question. I think about 3 quarters, though, you said there were immunities available on the market at equivalent yields to other stuff that you might buy, and so even though they weren't as tax efficient as they used to be, that they were still valuable. Has the market become more rational and those opportunities have gone away?
James Tisch: Yes. And when you think about it, CNA has a 21% tax rate. Individuals in New York State, they have close to a 50% tax rate. So immunities are much more valuable to individuals than they are to corporations.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of the call. I will now turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thanks, Samantha, and thanks to all of you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately 2 hours. That concludes Loews call for today.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - VP, IR & Corporate Communications James Tisch - President, CEO & Director David Edelson - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Corporation Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Christy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the Company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the Company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the Company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our Security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. Before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
James Tisch: Thank you, Mary. To start things off, I want to spend a few minutes talking about Loews decision to redeem Boardwalks outstanding LP units. As I mentioned on our last call, as a result of the decision in March of this year by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, we began to rethink the efficacy and wisdom of the MLP structure for Boardwalks. After careful consideration of all options, we determined that exercising our call provision was in the best interest of Loews shareholders. On June 29, we announced that we would redeem Boardwalks outstanding LP units at a formula price of $12.06 per share for a total cost to Loews of slightly over $1.5 billion. The transaction closed in July. We were able to execute this transaction by tapping the ample liquidity in the Loews corporate treasury. Ill be talking more about Boardwalk on future calls. Now, onto other Loews business. Loews had a strong second quarter, positively impacted once again by consistent earnings from CNA. Premium growth for the  for CNA remains strong and the company saw a positive rate trends in the second quarter. Additionally, the underlying loss ratio improved in the first half of the year from an already strong base. Earlier this morning, CNA announced a 17% increase in its regular dividend reflecting CNA's strong operating results and outlook. And moreover on the subject of CNA I would also like to take the opportunity to thank Craig Mense, who is retiring after serving as CNA's Chief Financial Officer for the past 14 years. The companys fortuitous balance sheet today is due in large part to Craigs extraordinary focus and outstanding fiscal management. Craig, if you are listening, we at Loews thank you for your tremendous service and wish you a wonderful retirement. Next, Id like to do a one year checking on our newest subsidiary Consolidated Container Company or CCC. Loews acquired CCC in a transaction that closed in May of last year and I am happy to report that the business is performing well. In 2018, we expect CCC to produce double-digit cash-on-cash return on our equity investment. For anyone who may need a quick review, CCC is a leading rigid plastic packaging manufacturer based in Atlanta, Georgia. The company makes containers for stable end-markets such as beverages, motor oil, laundry detergent and dairy products. With the acquisition of CCC, Loews added a new industry to its already diverse portfolio of businesses, as well as another platform for growth. When we acquired CCC a year ago, we talked about our desire to grow the business and the CCC team had started that process by making two recent tuck-in acquisitions. The company has bid on more sizable acquisitions only to find that for the bigger company, the prices have been too high. CCC is happy to be patient, more continuing to look for additional acquisition targets. We hope to have more to report in this area in the quarters ahead. Another reason we were attracted to CCC was the strong and experienced management team, as well as its track record of operational excellence. Happily, time has only added to our positive opinion of CCCs senior leadership team. Over the last year, CEO, Sean Fallman and his team have focused on creating greater efficiencies and streamlining production processes to attain better margins. Additionally, CCC has placed increased emphasis on their innovative Dura-Lite technology, a patented design that utilizes less resin while creating beverage packaging of higher strength and improved company  customer ergonomics. For CCC, the Dura-Lite technology has led to increased unit volume and has enhanced relationships with customers. Dura-Lite is better for CCCs customers who end up spending less on packaging materials and better for the environment as well. And while we are in the subject of the environment, there has been a lot of discussion in the news recently about plastics and their affects on our planet. This is an extremely important issue and one that both Loews and CCC take seriously. Today, I want to talk about two aspects of plastics and the environment. Single used plastics such as straws, disposable cutlery and plastic lids, and plastic waste that pollutes the worlds oceans. First, Id like to emphasize that CCC is not in the business of producing single use plastic items. Its focus is on producing primary packaging, designed to protect, and extend the shelf life of the contents inside. Of all the packaging that CCC produces, 97% is totally recyclable. In addition to manufacturing packaging, CCC is also the second largest US producer of recycled, high-density polyethylene, a widely used form of plastic. CCC produces a 100 million pounds of this recycled, high-density polyethylene per year. As for OceanBound Plastic, 8 million tons of plastic waste ends up in the worlds oceans every year. The vast majority of this plastic, about 60% comes from five countries, China, Indonesia, The Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam. By way of comparison, the United States is responsible for about 4% of waterborne plastics. Acutely aware of the damage that OceanBound Plastic can cause, CCC created a program that recycles plastic from at-risk areas trying to put a dent in the amount of waste that reaches the beaches and waterways. In 2017, CCC committed to recycling 10 million pounds of OceanBound Plastic by 2019 and today, its more than half way to its goal. While CCC offers a number of services and products to help minimize the impact of plastic on the environment, solutions from manufacturers are only part of the answer. But the goal is to create a circular economy for the packaging industry and eliminate plastic waste, then we need more companies to be willing to buy and use recycled resin in their products, which to-date has not been the case. Also, community which is worldwide need to develop the proper infrastructure to support recycling as consumer demand for recycled plastic products increases, CCC is ready, willing and able to provide them. Moving on, I want to give a quick shot out to Diamond Offshore. In recent contract negotiations, the company has increased its backlog on three drill ships by five years. This level of activity is a sign that demand for offshore drilling rigs is increasing, as well as a testament to Diamond Offshores reputation and operational excellence. Well done. And finally, before I turn the call over to our CFO, David Edelson, I want to talk briefly about share repurchases. Year-to-date through last Friday, Loews has repurchased 16.6 million shares of its stock or 5% of the outstanding shares at a total cost of approximately $814 million. These buybacks reflects our confidence in the underlying businesses, as well as our belief that the intrinsic value of Loews is significantly higher than the market price for our shares. Its safe to say that, share repurchases remain one of our major capital allocation tools for creating a long-term value for our shareholders. And now, David, over to you.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Loews reported net income of $230 million in the quarter essentially unchanged from $231 million in last year's second quarter. However, earnings per share increased to $0.72 from $0.69 as average shares outstanding declined 5% due to share repurchase activity. Before I walk through the key drivers for the quarter, Id like to briefly discuss the recently closed purchase of the common units of Boardwalk Pipeline not previously owned by Loews, as well as the status of our parent company portfolio of cash and investments. As Jim commented, we spent approximately $1.5 billion in the Boardwalk transaction. Following the transaction, and our share repurchase activity, the parent company investment portfolio stands at approximately $3.1 billion, down from $4.7 billion at the end of the second quarter. In keeping with our strategy of holding substantial liquidity, we are rebalancing the parent company portfolio more toward cash and equivalents. I would note that even after the Boardwalk transaction, we hold cash and investments far exceeding our $1.8 billion of parent company debt. The rating agencies have all maintained their Loews rating and outlooks. Now for some comments on our segments. CNA contributed net income of $240 million in Q2, down slightly from the second quarter of 2017. P&C underwriting income was up year-over-year, as CNA posted a combined ratio of 93.8, basically comparable to last years second quarter along with a 5% increase in net earned premium. The lower corporate tax rate benefited after-tax underwriting income. Investment income was also strong with improved returns on the LP portfolio and higher after-tax returns on the fixed income portfolio. CNA incurred one-time costs in Q2 2018 as it transitioned to a new IT infrastructure service provider. Additionally, CNA had significant realized gains in last years second quarter versus minimal realized losses this year. CNA's core income, which excludes realized gains and losses was up 13% in the quarter. Diamond Offshore contributed a net loss of $37 million in Q2 2018, as compared to net income of $7 million last year. Diamonds profit margin was hurt by a 32% year-over-year decline in contract drilling revenues versus only a 3.6% decline in contract drilling costs. Revenue earning days and average daily revenue were both down. Diamond booked rig impairment charges in both periods, which reduced Diamonds contribution to our net income by $12 million this year and $23 million in last years second quarter. Boardwalks net income contribution was $16 million, up from $6 million in Q2 2017. During Q2, 2017, Boardwalks net income contribution reflected a $15 million loss on the sale of a processing facility. Excluding this loss, Boardwalks contribution declined $5 million year-over-year. Boardwalk experienced a 7% year-over-year decline in net operating revenues, as incremental revenues from growth projects did not make up for the negative revenue impact including the 2017 restructuring of the firms transportation agreement, a decline in storage and parking and lending revenues and contract expirations. Boardwalks operating expenses were up slightly due to an increased asset base from recently completed growth projects. For many months, equity analysts were overestimating Boardwalks revenue and earnings prospects for the second quarter and full year. I would note that the companys performance is consistent with our expectations and those of Boardwalks management. As a reminder, Boardwalk will continue to file with the SEC because it has bonds outstanding. However, the company will no longer hold quarterly earnings calls. Loews Hotels contributed net income of $17 million, up from $10 million in Q2 2017. Miami Beach drove the increase with Coronado, Ventana Canyon, Orlando and many others also contributing. A lower effective tax rate in Q2 2018 enabled Loews Hotels to drop more of its income to the bottom-line. Loews Hotels' adjusted EBITDA, which is reported and defined in our quarterly earnings supplement rose 8% from last year's second quarter to $66 million. During the third quarter, Loews Hotels and Universal will open the 600 room Aventura Hotel at Universal, Orlando. Loews Hotels will then have 6200 rooms at Universal Orlando with another 2800 rooms expected to come online in Orlando over the next two years. Turning to the parent company. Pretax investment income was $42 million, up $40 million from the prior years second quarter driven by higher returns on alternatives, equities and cash. The lower corporate tax rate benefited after-tax results in Q2 2018. Corporate and other improved $11 million in pretax year-over-year primarily due to the absence of CCC-related transaction expenses in 2018 as well as other corporate expenses  lower other corporate expenses. The higher after-tax loss was solely attributable to the lower tax rate. We received $86 million in dividends from our subsidiaries during the second quarter, $73 million from CNA, and $13 million from Boardwalk. As long as Boardwalk maintains its current distribution, our quarterly distribution from Boardwalk would be close to $26 million going forward. CNA announced this morning a $0.05 increase in its quarterly dividend to $0.35. At that rate, Loews would receive ordinary dividends of $85 million quarterly, and $340 million annually from CNA before considering its special dividend. We repurchased 5.8 million shares during the second quarter at an aggregate cost of $290 million. During July, we have repurchased another 1 million shares for $49 million. As Jim mentioned, we have repurchased a total of 16.6 million shares year-to-date representing 5% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. Finally, Id point out that the accounting for the Boardwalk transaction resulted in our book value increasing by $2 per share at June 30. Let me now hand the call back to Jim.
James Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call for questions, I want to highlight a new addition to our Investor Relations materials. Some of you have asked for more information about our subsidiary strategies and mid to long-term prospects for growth. In response to your requests, we have now posted on our website presentations for CNA, Diamond Offshore, CCC and Loews Hotels narrated by the respective CEOs and leadership teams. Boardwalks presentation will be added later this year. We are happy to provide these virtual Investor Day style presentations and we look forward to hearing your feedback and answering any questions you might have. Now, back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Christy, we are ready for the Q&A portion of the call. If you would like to queue the folks listening.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Robert Glasspiegel : Good morning, everyone. I am going to dig around on Boardwalk to the best I can. Jim, you put $1.5 billion in and you sort of gave a low key discussion of it. Are you really excited about this? Is this something you just had to do? How should we think about it? Then I have some accounting questions.
James Tisch: Listen, weve always thought Boardwalk is an excellent asset. The changes in FERC made it so that, we really felt the need to exercise the call. And thats really where we are right now. Nothing has changed about our long-term view concerning Boardwalk.
Robert Glasspiegel : What sort of cash-on-cash return, you talked about some of your other investments at the current runrate?
James Tisch: So, Boardwalk was paying a dividend of $0.40 a year and its our expectation that Boardwalk will be able to continue to pay those dividends.
Robert Glasspiegel : Okay, thats sort of your dividend return, but, just sort of on the value of an investment, at some point the cash flow starts to grow a decent bit if these investments come through, right?
James Tisch: Yes, listen, I said in my remarks that we will be talking more about Boardwalk in the later call and thats really what Id like to do now.
Robert Glasspiegel : Okay. And then a less substantive question on Boardwalk. Just an accounting question. You are doubling sort of the dividend and doubling the earnings, but there is some purchase accounting adjustments in perhaps goodwill that might offset that. On a simplistic basis, if we double sort of the current runrate of earnings, what other adjustments need to be considered goodwill, purchase accounting et cetera?
David Edelson: Very insignificant, Bob. Lets take that offline, but its very insignificant.
Robert Glasspiegel : Okay. So, if we double the earnings runrate will it be close to where you are doing?
David Edelson: Yes, sir.
Robert Glasspiegel : And you are using cash, so it should be a decent bit accretive from an EPS perspective, correct?
David Edelson: Correct. We are using balance sheet cash.
Robert Glasspiegel : Okay. Thank you.
James Tisch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker : So, I am going to ask bleak question and violate the Boardwalk silence, but its really not about Boardwalks portfolio management. In the past, youve said that if you made another - before Consolidated Container, if you made another acquisition, youd ideally like to avoid it being in the energy sector, because you just  you want to be more diversified. How does expanding the investment in Boardwalk impact, I mean, look  you buy when you buy it, but at the same time, whats the portfolio management philosophy? And are you more exposed to energy than you want to be all of a sudden?
James Tisch: No, I dont think so. Loews has a market cap of 16  $15 billion or $16 billion. This adds another $1.5 billion of exposure to energy Boardwalk. Already it was a $1.5 billion exposure. So now, its $3 billion out of a total of $16 billion, add another $1.5 billion for Diamond Offshore and you see that CNA dwarfs both of those investments. So, in terms of portfolio management, I am not so concerned about the size of Boardwalk.
Joshua Shanker : On hotels, can we talk about the new hotel, how much of a drag it is to be building a hotel out not just that hotel  but in general? And when the hotel is built, what kind of expense reduction we see but that moment is passed and what kind of income comes in for a large property?
David Edelson: Well, I would say, Josh, you are right. Obviously, you are in  when you are in building mode, you are not generating revenue and you are incurring expense although a good bit of expense is capitalized of course. And then as you approach opening, you have preopening expenses which are expense. So  and then, takes just a wee bit of time for a hotel to get up and running into it sort of earnings revenue and earnings runrate. But I would say, given the magnitude of Loews Hotels at this point, a 600 room hotel is not  it obviously the company can withstand it and generate strong profitability and strong year-over-year growth as well. Remember, this is the only hotel under construction. There are Kansas City that we have discussed, Arlington Texas that we have discussed, St. Louis that we have discussed and of course, these new hotels in Orlando. So there is certainly the prospect for significantly higher revenue and goodwill and profitability going forward.
James Tisch: We believe that these six projects that were currently working on will be hotels that have RevPAR and EBITDA that far outpace whats available in their particular markets now.
Joshua Shanker : And if youll put me one more, because I know there is usually a long queue. The  in terms of Consolidated Container, I have not looked at the new presentations on the website. But I want if one of you can talk to me about the pipeline for bolt-ons in general, how many general conversations you are having with potential future partners or future acquisitions at a given time? And over  like a three year period, is there a way to gauge how much money we can Consolidated Container will be spending on bolt-ons?
James Tisch: So, the bolt-ons which are  what you might call mom and pops can range in price from $5 million to $20 million, $30 million, $40 million or $50 million. When we buy them, there are a lot of synergies that mean that if we buy them at a particular multiple, we could save, say, two EBITDA turns by buying them and including them in our systems due to the synergies that we have. There are lots and lots of these mom and pops in the industry and as you might imagine, as you get to larger sizes, there are fewer and fewer.
David Edelson: And Josh, I would say, just given the fragmented nature of the industry, in terms of the number of conversations going on in any given time, many, but at various different stages of course. So, there is a significant pipeline that is being nurtured.
Joshua Shanker : Thats right. Just stuck, I dont know if there is a way for scaling that, I guess.
David Edelson: Yes, I mean, theyve done two in the past year. We would hope that they would continue if not accelerate that pace. So
James Tisch: Theyve done two, but theyve kept the tires of an awful lot more.
Joshua Shanker : And then, quickly one more. You might have already said it, what gives the imbalance of unencumbered cash on the balance sheet at Loews right now post the Boardwalk transaction?
James Tisch: We have about $3.1 billion of cash after the $1.5 billion went out for the Boardwalk purchase and we have $1.8 billion of debt.
David Edelson: Yes.
Joshua Shanker : Okay, thank you very much.
David Edelson: And by the way, I would just  I would be remised to not pointing out that the debt comes due anywhere between 2023 and 2043. So, its not that if there is a short-term call.
Joshua Shanker : Okay, absolutely. Thank you.
David Edelson: Thank you.
James Tisch: There are no other questions. So I want to answer the question that wasnt asked. And the question that wasnt asked is, what do I think of the price reaction of CNA to its earnings today? And my answer is I am totally befuddled. My own belief is that CNA was very cheap going into this earnings call. CNA reported what we at Loews thought was very good earnings and as a result, the stock is down 3% or 4% today. So, I am very surprised at CNA's price actions. As you all know, weve bought a lot of Loews shares, 5% of the shares just this year and a lot of the reason for the purchase of the shares was because, we believe in CNA and CNA is such a big factor in the Loews share price. There is 0.77 CNA shares for every Loews share and as I said previously, the value of CNA to Loews dwarfs the value of our other subsidiaries. So, in my view, not only our CNAs share is down, but also that some of the parts is quite dramatic to us. So, it makes us  it makes us, I would say surprised at just whats going on in terms of the valuations of CNA and of Loews. But I guess, its better for us, us meaning the shareholders who are still in the company.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jim. Christy, wed like to conclude the call for today. We want to thank everyone for their continued interest. A replay will be available on our website loews.com in approximately two hours and well talk to you all next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's Loews Corporations second quarter 2018 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - VP, IR & Corporate Communications James Tisch - President, CEO & Director David Edelson - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Loews Corporation's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas to begin. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Maria, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also use non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our Security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson, will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. But before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
James Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Loews had a solid first quarter, but before I get into any specifics about our earnings, I want to mention something that those of you who listened to Boardwalk's call this morning will have already heard. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission recently announced a policy change that eliminates an MLP's ability to include an income tax allowance in determining the maximum applicable rates it is allowed to charge customers on its interstate pipelines. The recent tax reform legislation, coupled with FERC's subsequent actions, have sparked a review as to whether Boardwalk should remain a publicly traded master limited partnership. It appears that FERC's action would materially decrease the maximum applicable rates Boardwalk could charge in the future. The effect on max rates may result in Loews being able to exercise a call right under the terms of the Boardwalk partnership agreement. Those terms allow Loews to purchase Boardwalk's outstanding LP units at a formula price. The formula price would be based on the average of the daily closing prices of Boardwalk's common units for a 180-day period prior to the day when and if we exercise our purchase right. This purchase right is further described both in our 10-Q and Boardwalk's 10-Q as well as in Boardwalk's past SEC filings. It is also discussed in Loews' amended Form 13D, which will be filed later today. We at Loews are exploring all our options regarding these developments. Although we expect to be able to make a decision sometime this year, no decisions have yet been made. As you can imagine, we'll have to let our documents speak for themselves since we are constrained from answering any questions on this topic. Luckily, we have other subsidiaries and capital allocation actions that we can discuss. In particular, the earnings for CNA and Loews Hotels have been impressive, so I'd like to give you some color on what's happening in each of these companies. CNA had another phenomenal quarter, delivering a combined ratio of 93.1%, the lowest quarterly underlying combined ratio it's had in over a decade. While the recent tax cuts contributed to its quarterly performance, CNA's substantial earnings increase was primarily due to the strength of its underwriting results. For the quarter, CNA had a pretax underwriting gain of $113 million versus $43 million in the corresponding quarter last year, and adjusted net written premium likewise grew 8%. The company's growth was driven by rate, exposure change and a strong increase in new business as CNA continues to make great strides with its distribution network. While pleased with the strong results, CNA remains committed to further improving its underwriting performance, continuing to strengthen relationships with distributors and diligently managing its expense ratio. Loews and CNA both feel that the company is poised for ongoing responsible growth. And speaking of ongoing responsible growth, Loews Hotels also had a terrific quarter and is off to a great start for the year. A stronger-than-usual tourism market in Florida benefited our recently renovated Loews Miami Beach Hotel. Additionally, in Orlando, our joint venture properties with Universal Studios continued to perform remarkably well. Loews Hotels' adjusted EBITDA was up 30% from last year's first quarter, and this growth was not based solely on the hotel chain's expansion but also on the strong performance of its existing properties. Same-store RevPAR also grew 8% from $188 in last year's first quarter to $203 during the first quarter of 2018. Loews Hotels continues to concentrate on highly profitable, distinguished hotels in the upper upscale market that cater to group business. The company also seeks out properties that have partners who bring with them unique built-in demand generators as it has done so successfully in its long-term partnership at the Universal Orlando resort. The company's flexibility, its agile operating philosophy and its willingness and ability to invest in its own projects all represent competitive advantages. We're confident in this strategy and Loews Hotels' leadership and in the company's ability to create value for our shareholders over the long term. Before I turn the call over to our CFO, David Edelson, I want to talk about share repurchases. Over the past 7 months, Loews has repurchased approximately 18.6 million shares or about 5.5% of our outstanding shares at a cost -- at a total cost of almost $1 billion. These buybacks reflect our confidence in our underlying businesses. It's safe to say that share repurchases remain one of our major capital allocation levers for creating long-term value for our shareholders. David, over to you.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For the first quarter, Loews reported net income of $293 million or $0.89 per share compared to $295 million or $0.87 per share in last year's first quarter. Average shares outstanding declined 3% year-over-year, resulting in higher earnings per share despite a slight reduction in net income. Now let me walk through the ins and outs of the quarter. I will start with CNA, which contributed almost 90% of our net income this quarter and accounted for the biggest year-over-year positive earnings variance. CNA contributed net income of $261 million, up 12% from the first quarter of 2017. There were two main drivers of the increase, improved underwriting income and higher after-tax investment income. CNA posted outstanding P&C underwriting results in the quarter. This strength was broad-based and spanned all 3 P&C segments, commercial, specialty and international. While CNA once again experienced favorable prior year development, its underwriting results in Q1 2018 were robust even before prior year development and catastrophe losses. During the first quarter, CNA's P&C combined ratio was 93.1 and its underlying combined ratio, which excludes prior year development and catastrophe losses, was almost identical at 93.2. Both represented over 4 points of improvement versus last year's first quarter. Let me highlight CNA's loss ratio, which is a component of its combined ratio. CNA posted an underlying loss ratio of 60 in Q1, an improvement of more than 2 points from last year's first quarter and 1 point better than full year 2017. CNA's loss ratio shows real improvement and compares favorably to peers. The meaningful decline in CNA's combined ratio led to a significant increase in the company's P&C underwriting income, which climbed more than 160% pretax and even more after-tax given the lower corporate tax rate. Net investment income was lower year-over-year on a pretax basis due entirely to LP income, but the reduced corporate tax rate resulted in an increase in after-tax net investment income. Despite the year-over-year decline in LP income, CNA's LP portfolio returned a respectable 1.2% in a quarter during which the S&P 500 returned negative 1.2%. Before leaving CNA, I will note that CNA completed its review of its asbestos and environmental pollution liabilities in the first quarter and booked a noneconomic retroactive reinsurance charge related to the 2010 loss portfolio transfer. This charge, which is essentially a deferred gain, reduced CNA's contribution to our net income by $28 million this year and by $12 million last year. Diamond Offshore. Diamond Offshore made a $10 million positive contribution to our net income in the first quarter despite a $25 million pretax loss. The pretax loss was an outgrowth of the continuing difficult conditions in the global offshore drilling market. Diamond experienced a 21% year-over-year decline in contract drilling revenues caused by a similar decline in revenue earning days. The swing from a pretax loss to positive net income was caused by a tax benefit as Diamond reversed an uncertain tax position it had booked in Q4 2017 related to the deemed repatriation of previously deferred non-U.S. earnings. Further guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury and the IRS in the first quarter clarified certain provisions in the Tax Act, permitting Diamond to reverse its liability for this uncertain tax position. Boardwalk's net income contribution was essentially flat year-over-year despite a decline in pretax income. The reduction in pretax income was precipitated by a 5% decline in net revenues as incremental revenues from growth projects recently placed into service and the benefits of colder weather did not make up for the near-term negative revenue impact of the previously announced restructuring of existing firm transportation agreements with Southwestern Energy as well as a decline in storage and parking and lending revenues caused by unfavorable market conditions. The lower corporate tax rate booked at the Loews level resulted in Boardwalk's after-tax earnings being almost flat with the prior year. Moving on to Loews Hotels. As Jim mentioned, Loews Hotels posted excellent results in Q1 as many of its properties, including Loews Miami Beach Hotel and the properties at the Universal Orlando Resort, posted strong operational and financial results. Loews Hotels contributed net income of $13 million, up from $10 million in Q1 2017. The quarterly comparison looks even better once last year's results are adjusted for the $10 million pretax, $6 million after-tax net gain attributable to the sale of a JV property and the write-down of another JV property. Loews Hotels' adjusted EBITDA, which is reported and defined in our quarterly earnings summary available on our IR website, was $57 million in the quarter, up $13 million from last year's first quarter. Turning to the parent company. Pretax and after-tax investment income were down from an exceptionally strong quarter in Q1 2017 with lower returns on equities and LP investments driving the year-to-year decline. The bulk of the portfolio continues to be invested in cash and equivalents. The Corporate and other segment improved $10 million on a pretax basis for two main reasons, the absence of transaction-related expenses incurred in 2017 in connection with the acquisition of Consolidated Container and income generated by Consolidated Container in the first quarter of 2018. The parent company balance sheet continues to be extremely strong and liquid. At March 31, the parent company portfolio of cash and investments totaled just under $4.9 billion, was slightly more than 50% in cash and short-term investments and the remainder in fixed maturities, marketable equity securities and a diversified portfolio of limited partnership investments. We received $571 million in dividends from our subsidiaries during the first quarter; $558 million from CNA, which includes the $0.30 regular quarterly dividend and the $2 special dividend; and $13 million from Boardwalk. We repurchased 9.9 million shares of our common stock during the first quarter for a total of $497 million. After quarter end, we've purchased an additional 4-plus million shares for a total of $207 million. Taken together, we have repurchased over 4% of our shares outstanding since year-end 2017. I will now hand the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, David. Before we begin our question-and-answer session, I'd like to reiterate that Loews is constrained from answering any questions related to the call right under the Boardwalk partnership agreement. For additional information on this topic, please refer to Loews SEC documents that will be filed later today. Now I will hand the call over to Maria to open up the call for questions. Maria, over to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel of Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel: Is there any takeaways from this Boardwalk to how we should think about the CNA and Diamond Offshore minority positions or majority positions that you have? And -- or is this just a mechanical fallout of FERC rules that is driving the process and has nothing to do with maximizing intrinsic value to Loews?
James Tisch: So, no, neither Diamond nor CNA have anything resembling this right that we have at Boardwalk.
Robert Glasspiegel: I'm sorry, I was asking a different question. We're not allowed to ask about Boardwalk, so I'm just trying to flip it around a little bit. It sounds like the Boardwalk decision was driven by this MLP rule change, but I'm trying to -- was there any sort of maximizing value to Loews in the thought process that might...
James Tisch: Bob, I said in my comment that no decision has been made. So no decision has been made. And as for the rest of your question, I really have to let our filings speak for themselves. They run multiple pages. They are very informative and they should be able to answer all the questions you have.
Robert Glasspiegel: No, they're very helpful. Getting fully inside your head is still not possible completely from the disclosure, but I appreciate your answer. One bookkeeping question. Your Page 4 of your slides where you say parent debt is $1.8 billion. And in Page 15 you have long-term debt of $2,361,000,000 under Corporate. What's the difference between those 2 numbers?
David Edelson: I believe the difference is Consolidated Container, which is in the Corporate and other segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker: So the share repurchase has been going rather aggressively recently. How do you weigh share repurchase from operational cash flow versus perhaps increasing the leverage at the company through debt issuance given where we are in the interest rate cycle?
James Tisch: So what I'd say is that, right now, we have no need to issue additional debt. As David said, at the end of the quarter, we have 4 point -- just about $4.9 billion of cash and investments at the holding company level. And from my perspective, that's plenty of capital to do what we want to do.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. And on the hotels, can you talk about the difference in revenues and profits from a hotel that's under renovation, [indiscernible] Miami, versus coming out of renovation? What happens to the income statement of a hotel going through that transition?
James Tisch: Well, in the case of the Miami Beach Hotel, it wasn't closed down, but there were very, very few guests there because it was a major construction site. So we went from very, very little revenues and negative income to very strong income now that the hotel is fully back.
David Edelson: For example, when it was under -- occupancy is down and rate is down. And for example, group business doesn't come to a property under that level of renovation.
Joshua Shanker: And so my question, I guess, comes -- how much of the profitability and revenue success at the hotel segment now is year-over-year the difference of Miami being off -- being partially off-line to being at full throttle right now?
David Edelson: In terms of the uptick in income, how much of it is solely attributable to Miami?
Joshua Shanker: Or I mean, I know you won't get -- you can talk about it in general terms. I know you don't talk specific number per hotel, but yes, how much of the change is really Miami-related in the qualitative sense, I guess?
James Tisch: Yes, there was a lot going on and the hotel had, I think, just come back in the first quarter. And additionally, Miami and Florida tourism was affected by Zika last year and that hasn't been an issue this year. So I don't have the specific numbers for the hotel, but there was a significant increase in EBITDA margin that came from those hotels this year compared to last year.
David Edelson: It was no means the entire uplift. The uplift in income was attributable to Miami for sure, but also Orlando and other properties.
Joshua Shanker: And with Loews San Francisco, that property, is that fully online? Or are there renovations to be done there?
James Tisch: There were some minor renovations being done, but that's it. It's fully online.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman: Could you update us on your thinking of the impact of the Tax Act now that you've had a chance to study it some more? I mean, I suppose in some ways what you talked about with Boardwalk has an impact, but outside of that, in terms of what you might want to hold or not hold or have the ability to buy or sell? And secondly, in terms of your thinking regarding the parent's portfolio?
James Tisch: So the Tax Act will benefit Loews. It will help us at basically all of our subsidiaries and so we should be seeing the benefits of that coming through in our income statements. In terms of the parent company and our investments, it's -- we're paying lower tax on gains and investment income, but otherwise it hasn't changed the way that we invest those funds.
Michael Millman: I was kind of thinking more about, I think, in the past, you talked about how the tax -- or the previous tax laws restricted your ability to do some things, buying and selling some properties. And I was kind of hoping that question would be -- this question would sort of update us on your current thinking.
James Tisch: Yes, so my current thinking is that the reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% will make a very -- cause there to be a significant change in corporate behavior across the economy. In terms of Loews, yes, you have a good memory. About 10 years ago, we thought that the level of the capital gains tax -- corporate capital gains tax at 35% really prevented a lot of transactions from occurring. And now that we're down to a tax rate of 21%, I think that, economy-wide, it will foster transactions to occur that otherwise might not have happened with a 35% tax.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Q&A portion of the call. I will turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Maria. As always, thank you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - IR Jim Tisch - CEO David Edelson - CFO
Analysts: Michael Millman - Millman Research Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott
Operator: Good morning. This name is Kristy, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Corporation Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Kristy, and good morning everyone. A copy of the Loews' earnings release, earnings supplement, and company overview may be found on our Web site, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. Before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off our call. Jim, over to you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Loews had a strong quarter and a good year, with each of our subsidiaries contributing to our overall success. Our CFO, David Edelson, will go into the details about our results later in the call, as well as discussing the implications of the recently-passed tax cuts for Loews and our subsidiaries. Before he does however, I'd like to talk about CNA and share repurchases. CNA has steadily improved over the past 15 years under a series of strong leadership teams. The company has taken steps to focus on its core competencies in commercial property casualty insurance by transforming itself from a not-so-focused multi-line insurance company into a highly-focused commercial property casualty company. This transformation obviously didn't happen overnight, and in fact, it required enormous effort and discipline by the management teams at both CNA and Loews. Specifically, from 1999 to 2010, CNA disposed of a number of its businesses including reinsurance, personal automobile insurance, life insurance, and group health. Additionally, the company reinsured its asbestos and pollution liabilities to reduce balance sheet risk. Since joining the company in November of 2016 as CEO, Dino Robusto has turbocharged CNA's evolution. On his leadership the CNA team has been pulling a number of levers to improve underwriting performance. They have enhanced risk selection, retooled their claims department, and continue to upgrade their underwriting talent. CNA has provided a stable market for agents and brokers, a factor in the company's ability to strengthen its relationships with distributors in a time of industry change. And the company has focused intently on reducing its expense ratio while also investing in the business. Dino and the team at CNA believe that there is even more room for improvement in each of these areas, and we agree. Also, CNA continues to actively manage its long-term care book of business, mitigating risk by diligently managing claims, and obtaining rate increases from state regulators when necessary. Additionally, CNA is exploring new strategies to lessen the effects of rate increases on policy holders. On the talent front, CNA added significantly to its bench in 2017 across many areas, including underwriting, technology, operations, and claims. All of these new senior executives are highly successful industry veterans with outstanding track records and expertise. Earlier today, in light of CNA's 2017 results, its fortress balance sheet, and the CNA board's outlook, CNA announced a $0.30 quarterly dividend as well as a $2.00 special dividend. In March of this year, Loews will receive $558 million in dividends from CNA. And over the last four years, including the upcoming March dividend payment, Loews will have received $3.2 billion in dividends from CNA. As we look back over the last decade CNA's success comes as no surprise to Loews. Although we understood that it would take time and lots of hard work to turn CNA around, we had a vision for what the company could be and held steadfast to that vision. Also, and very importantly, we were able to recruit the right CEO for each stage of CNA's evolution. To sum up, we believe that the company is poised to continue to profitably and responsibly grow its business. And that moving forward, CNA can and will deliver even stronger operating results. Moving on from CNA, I want to give a quick update on share repurchases. In the fourth quarter of 2017 we repurchased 4.6 million Loews shares at a cost of about $230 million. This trend continued into the first quarter of 2018 when we purchased another 4.3 million shares through February 9th, with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight we could have bought in more shares over the last two years. However, since the third quarter, we've bought back almost nine million shares representing almost 3% of the company. We began repurchasing our stock because of the wide discount between the stock price and our assessment of the intrinsic sum-of-the-parts valuations. Additionally, we believe that CNA will continue to grow and prosper, and that the outlook for our four other businesses is improving. Looking beyond the past year or two, in the past decade we have acquired almost 40% of our outstanding shares, continuing our nearly half-century practice of substantial share repurchases. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. We reported fourth quarter net income of $481 million or $1.43 per share, up from $290 million or $0.86 per share in last year's fourth quarter. Included in our fourth quarter net income was a $200 million net benefit related to the passage in December of the Tax Cut and Jobs Act. The benefit, which had no cash impact, stems largely from the re-measurement of our net deferred tax liability. Absent the $200 million benefit, our net income was $281 million or $0.83 per share, down $9 million from last year's fourth quarter. Before I discuss the drivers of fourth quarter net income, I'd like to draw your attention to page seven of our earnings release and page five of our earnings supplement, where we show the impact of tax reform by reporting segment for the fourth quarter and full-year. Let me briefly summarize the impact by segment. CNA booked a charge in the fourth quarter as it wrote down its deferred tax asset due to the lower tax rate. In 2018 and beyond, tax reform should be quite positive for CAN. For Diamond itself tax reform had offsetting impacts. The company benefited as it wrote down its deferred tax liability because of the lower tax rate, while it also took a charge for the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. I would note that this charge had no cash impact. At the Loews level however we did book a charge in the Diamond segment reflecting the impact of changing tax rates on the differential between our book basis and tax basis in Diamond. As a reminder, Diamond is not included in our consolidated tax return. For Boardwalk, Loews booked a substantial benefit as the lower tax rate caused us to write down the deferred tax liability we had built up over the past decade from Boardwalk's capital projects. And for those hotels we also benefited from the lower tax rate through the write-down of a deferred tax liability. Going forward, excluding any changes in marketplace behavior, corporate tax reform especially the reduction in the federal corporate rate should be positive for Loews on a consolidated basis. Turning to the quarter, rather than plough through each segment's year-over-year quarterly variance, let me instead highlight the key drivers of fourth quarter earnings and what caused the slight decline from Q4 2016. These highlights will exclude the previously noted impact of tax reform. Diamond Offshore drove our slight year-to-year earnings decline with net income contribution down $74 million from Q4 2016. Contract drilling revenues were up 12%, and rig margin declined substantially, largely due to fewer rigs working and lower day rates on re-contracted rigs. In addition, during the quarter the company impaired one of its rigs and booked restructuring and separation costs as it continues to [technical difficulty] expense base. On the bright side, CNA had a strong quarter to top off a strong year. Its quarterly net income contribution was up $54 million year-over-year, driven mainly by a substantial increase in underwriting income. CNA posted a combined ratio of 94 in Q4 2017, down from 99.9 in last year's fourth quarter. As a reminder, when it comes to combined ratios lower is better. Excluding catastrophe losses and prior year development, the underlying combined ratio improved, from 98.3 to 95.8. And for the full-year, the underlying combined ratio was 95.5, down 2.4 points from 97.9 in 2016. Jim mentioned the focus at CNA on underwriting excellence as the key lever to improving underwriting profitability. The fourth quarter and full-year combined ratios demonstrate the progress being made. Another bright spot was Loews Hotels, which posted net income of $13 million in Q4, up from $5 million last year. The joint ventures at the Universal Orlando Resort posted excellent results, as did the Loews Miami Beach, which was just completely a renovation during last year's fourth quarter. As Jim outlined during last quarter's remarks, Loews Hotels appears to be hit its stride operationally and strategically. Boardwalk's contribution to our net income was essentially flat on the quarter as were the earnings generated by the parent company investment portfolio. Corporate, which includes our newest subsidiary Consolidated Container, improved versus the prior year largely due to the timing of compensation accruals. Let me now turn to a brief review of the drivers of our full-year results. Loews reported 2017 net income of 1.16 billion or $3.45 per share, up from 654 million or $1.93 per share last year. Excluding the 200 million net benefit related to tax reform, our net income was 964 million or $2.86 per share, up 310 million from the prior year. Again rather than walk through each segment in detail, let me highlight a few key drivers of the substantially year-over-year increase. Lower rig impairments at Diamond offshore accounted for 235 million of the earnings improvement. Excluding impairments, Diamond's earnings contribution declined 40 million year-over-year reflecting the weaker operating environment and some unusual items. CNA in the aggregate accounted for 105 million of the increase attributable mainly to improvements in non-cat underwriting income and life and group results. Additionally, 2016 results were impacted by adverse development related to the 2010 last portfolio transfer. Net investment income and realized gains were also up over the prior year. Partially offsetting these improvements were elevated catastrophes losses in 2017 given the high incidence of natural catastrophes during the year. Loews Hotels contributed to the net income increase thanks to improving operating performance and a gain on the sale of a joint venture hotel property in 2017. Boardwalk's net income contribution was essentially flat year-over-year. However, absent the loss Boardwalk took in 2017 on the sale of a processing facility, its net income contribution would have been up $12 million. Parent company net investment income was flat year-over-year, and the elevated cost in corporate and other for full-year 2017 are almost entirely attributable to cost incurred in connection with the acquisition of Consolidated Container. We continue to maintain an extremely strong and liquid balance sheet. At year-end, the parent company portfolio totaled 4.9 billion with 57% in cash and equivalent, 20% in LP investments, 13% mixed maturities and 10% marketable equity securities. During the fourth quarter, we received 86 million in dividend from our subsidiaries, 73 million from CNA, and 13 million from Boardwalk. For the full-year, we received total dividend of 804 million from CNA and Boardwalk with CNA contributing the lion share of that amount. Today, CNA declared a $2 per share special dividend in addition to its regular $0.30 quarterly dividend. Combining the two, Loews will receive approximately 560 million in dividend from CNA this quarter. As Jim mentioned, we repurchased 4.6 million shares in the fourth quarter for $231 million. Since year end, we have repurchased an additional 4.3 million shares for $218 million. Shares outstanding adjusted for all share repurchase activity currently stand at around 328 million. I will now hand the call back to Jim.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, David. Before I turn the call back to Mary, I want to reflect on the fact that one of the most important responsibilities that we have at Loews is the selection of CEOs for our underlying business, and I cannot think of a time in Loews' history when we have had a more talented and effective group of such individuals. As already mentioned, Dino Robusto's super-charged performance at CAN; needless to say, we are thrilled with his leadership and the direction in which he is taking the company. All of our CEOs are equally outstanding. Marc Edwards at Diamond continues to expertly steer the company through a protracted downturn in the offshore drilling industry maintaining Diamond's financial stability while differentiating the company from its competition. Stan Horton at Boardwalk is one of the best CEOs in the midstream market. With his strategic vision and deep industry knowledge, Boardwalk is working to mitigate its re-contracting risks while adding profitable organic growth projects. Sean Fallmann, the CEO of our newest subsidiary CCC, has demonstrated his forward-looking approach and extensive expertise in the packaging industry, and we have great expectations for his leadership of the company. And finally, we have the highest level of confidence in Jon Tisch, the CEO of Loews Hotels. Under Jon, Loews Hotels has embarked upon a new strategic direction by focusing on what we do best, group travel and immersive destinations. While Loews is the holding company, we don't have a lot of bureaucracy. We put the right people in leadership positions at our subsidiaries and let them do their jobs. Where we have engaged with our subsidiaries are the areas where we think we can add value, such as major capital allocation decisions, accessing the capital markets, and the ratification of our subsidiaries' mid to long-term strategies. This approach has served Loews shareholders very well over the past 50 years, and we expect it to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. And now, back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Kristy, we're ready for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman: Thank you. So want to talk about a little -- your intrinsic value, what's that based on? Related to that, you have for -- you have past 12 months or more said that the -- you thought the equity market was too high, and therefore you didn't want to buy back shares. The market is higher, yet you bought back shares. Kind of related to that, you or the company over the past several months has bought a lot of GE, for example, and kind of wondered if you thought that either the market was going up even more or GE was hugely undervalued?
Jim Tisch: So, first things first, I don't want to comment on the stock price of General Electric. There are lots of people that are doing it, and I don't think that it's my place as a director to be doing that. With respect to Loews, in fact I mentioned specifically in my remarks that we look at the intrinsic sum of the parts value. And what that means is that we look at what we think are the values of each of our subsidiaries. We take a lot into account in doing that. We look at what the market price of the subsidiaries are, we look at what the prospects are, we try to assess whether we think the market is right or wrong in its assessment of the value of the companies. We look at the value of our nonpublic subsidiaries, hotels, and CCC, and the Boardwalk general partner. And we put all that into our thinking and calculations, and come out with a value that we think the whole company is worth. And when it gets to the right level of -- when the company gets the right level of discount then we feel comfortable buying the shares. And, starting in the fourth quarter, we felt comfortable doing that.
Michael Millman: So, your comfort was to some extent or the difference was to some extent based upon what the market was doing. Thus I assume that you thought that market price was reasonable, no longer overpriced. Is that a fair assumption of what you're saying, a fair
Jim Tisch: No, I'm not -- do not mistake our repurchase of Loews shares for giving any guidance as to our view of the level of the stock market. I'm not making any statement about that. We just felt comfortable repurchasing our own shares at these levels.
Michael Millman: I see. And then to switch, another question, if I may, sort of on DO, the prices for oil are going up, are you seeing any demand for drilling or are those prices really based upon a reduction in production?
Jim Tisch: So, in fact we are seeing just the beginning of some green shoots in the offshore drilling garden. We're seeing it specifically for more [ph] rigs. We're seeing it in Asia, in Australia, and also in the North Sea. And what I think is happening is that there was extensive scrapping of rigs in that space, and then just a little bit of increase in demand. The demand is there I think because the projects that we're doing where we're seeing work are development projects where there can be a quick payback to the capital investment in the project. My strong guess is that in the coming year we're also going to start to see a pickup in enquiry for drill ships which generally tend to do work that takes longer to generate cash returns for the oil companies. But there's no doubt that they have seriously underinvested in productive oil capacity. And I think the move up in oil prices reflects that underinvestment in productive capacity. And my general guess is that oil will continue to move up, tempting oil companies to start to spend more on their exploration and production.
Michael Millman: Great. Thank you very much.
Jim Tisch: Our pleasure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Yes, thank you. So, Jim, can we talk a little about dividends from Consolidated Container, whether or not you want them to reinvest their earnings into the company, and who pays for bolt-ons in that business as it goes forward?
Jim Tisch: So, CCC is doing very well. They have their own development people that go out and look for deals. There are two that are in the process of being done now. CCC will be able to finance those transactions with its own balance sheet and using the loan that was used to purchase CCC. So we do not anticipate that the current transactions under consideration will rely on the Loews treasury for financing.
David Edelson: And, Josh, I would just remind that we -- when I think in our second quarter call, when we first talked about CCC, we mentioned that we did not expect to receive dividends from CCC initially because we expected them to use their cash flow to either pay down debt or do these sorts of bolt-on acquisitions.
Josh Shanker: And are there some acquisitions that are large in nature that would require you to loan further money to CCC to do them or the strategy is that they'll all be self financed?
Jim Tisch: No, it's possible that there could be acquisitions that would require some equity funding from Loews, but we're very comfortable doing that. We have a lot of confidence in the management, in the company, and the industry.
Josh Shanker: And when do you think that you would look to all the investment mature such that you'll receive dividends from it?
Jim Tisch: I don't know. We've got to see what's available in the marketplace; we got to see how their own organic growth is going. There are just an awful lot of factors. But what I do know is that we're pleased with where CCC is, its position in the industry, the maturity of its management, and the opportunity set that they're seeing. But just because there's an opportunity set doesn't necessarily mean that transactions will get completed, but they're working hard to do that.
David Edelson: But if they can use their free cash flow to invest at attractive returns on invested capital then we're happy to have them do that.
Josh Shanker: All right. And then when I look at noncore -- I guess the non mostly owned companies, that CCC, Hotels, CNA, Boardwalk, and Diamond out of the picture, do you have any thoughts on how I might benchmark performance for the Loews investment portfolio, and any recommendations to track performance over time and whether you're doing a good job or whatnot?
Jim Tisch: We have -- all right, let's talk about what we have in the Loews portfolio. We have $250 million of equities; we have another billion dollars or so of hedge funds. My guess is it's very difficult for you as an investor to be able to track those, but what I can tell you is that their performance is doing reasonably well. Our equities this past year I think exceeded the S&P 500 better than a lot of mutual funds I know. And we are very, very comfortable and pleased with our asset managers.
Josh Shanker: And in terms -- would you be interested in providing disclosure that would help us track it over time? Is there any like sort of way you think that we can play with the numbers you give up to sort of track it?
Jim Tisch: Josh, we're a $15 billion company. We have a portfolio of over $50 billion. You're asking us to provide more disclosure on a $250 million equity portfolio. That sounds crazy to me.
Josh Shanker: Well, I mean I'd look at it as though you have more cash -- there's billions of dollars of cash you manage on the balance sheet though.
David Edelson: Yes, but remember, on average, let's say 60% to 65% -- we're not at 57%. But 60% to 65% of it has been cash and equivalents. So you know the return we're getting on that.
Josh Shanker: Yes.
David Edelson: So when you look at the investment income generated by the parent company you can, if you wanted to, you could assume what we're earning on our cash, and then you could intuit what the yield or what the earnings are on the remainder.
Josh Shanker: All right, I'll give it a try. Thank you very much for the answers.
David Edelson: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Loews.
Jim Tisch: Good morning, Janney.
Bob Glasspiegel: The hotels, you're excited about the strategic direction. You had a really nice earnings and EBITDA improvement. And I know the earnings don't always match the sort of underlying dynamics in that business, but are we in a position where we're going to start to see a similar sort of growth as we had this quarter, seems like the tax rate will be able to help on your after tax earnings. Just some general comments about where we're going from a reported basis, and what are the strategic positives that the Jon is bringing?
David Edelson: Well, you're talking about hotels specifically, Bob?
Bob Glasspiegel: Hotels, yes.
David Edelson: Okay. Yes, I mean, you saw the quarter, you saw the year. I think we've talked in the past, and you can see in the company in the material that we've put out today that we have a number of hotels in the offing in Kansas City, Arlington, Texas, St. Louis, in Orlando itself, again adding to the Universal Orlando joint venture. We only have one new hotel opening in 2018. That's a hotel at Universal Orlando. So the benefits of some of the exciting developments underway won't be shown really in our financial statements for another few years. You will see the opening dates on those properties and of course their pre-opening and those sorts of things associated with them as well. So, yes, we are building momentum, but always tempered by the fact that some of these growth projects are a couple of years out.
Jim Tisch: Robert, let me add a little to provide a little bit depth to that. In my comments, I said that we are focusing on what we do best at Loews Hotels, group travel and immersive destinations. Kansas City is all about group travel. We are going to have an 800 room hotel atop - or alongside the Kansas City Convention Center. We will be the newest hotel in Kansas City in decades. Newest Convention Hotel and we expect that hotel to do very well as a major regional convention center hotel. We think that the demand is built in by the location and the newness of the hotel. In Arlington, St. Louis and Orlando, that's all about immersive destination that there are -- those are venues where we believe people will naturally gravitate, want to go to. And for all of those, we see the hotels that we are building as hotels that can cater to the people that coming to these locations. The strategy has been proven to us many times over in Orlando and also in Miami Beach where we are able to achieve especially in Orlando occupancy rates and room rates that is substantially above what is available to others in the market. And we think there is a good opportunity for that to occur in the other immersive destinations in which we are building. The problem is that you can't build a hotel overnight. It takes some time. And so, these hotels won't be coming online in '18. Some of them will just be starting up in 2019. So, it will take some time to show up in the numbers.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good, long answer. I appreciate it. Tax rate that's gone down to 20s or is there something that should we thinking about differently?
David Edelson: Well, we are consolidated with all but Diamond. And so, I think we do benefit from the lowering of the corporate tax rate. But, CNA is a big piece of that. And I think you understand what its tax position is and that sort of then gets consolidated into hours.
Bob Glasspiegel: I was just talking about hotels.
David Edelson: Oh, I am sorry. Hotels, yes
Bob Glasspiegel: I think it's been 30s and it should go down
David Edelson: It's also impacted by state and local taxes in the jurisdictions where it operates. So, it's not just a pure federal rate.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. And that's been running higher than 35 as best I can determine it's been sort of low 30s, but maybe I am looking at it incorrectly. Appreciate all your answers. Thank you.
David Edelson: Our pleasure.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no further questions. I will return the call back to Mary Skafidas for any additional or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Thanks, Kristy, and thanks to all of you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our Web site at loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes Loews' call for today.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp. James S. Tisch - Loews Corp. David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.
Analysts: Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Loews Corporation Quarter Three 2017 Earnings Conference Call. During the presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will open the call for your questions. It is now my pleasure to hand over program over to Mary Skafidas. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Kristen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation's quarterly conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks, uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter. However, before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off our call. Jim, over to you.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. This quarter I'd like to focus primarily on Loews Hotels and the latest developments that are going on there. But before I do, I want to give a brief update on the impact of hurricanes, Irma and Harvey, on Loews' subsidiaries in Houston and Florida. First and foremost, we're counting our blessings that all our employees are safe and fully accounted for. But of course, many were severely affected by these catastrophic storms. We're hoping to provide support to those employees and their families and happy to report that Boardwalk, Diamond Offshore, and Loews Hotels were minimally impacted from an operations perspective. Our CFO, David Edelson, will share details later in our call about the impact that these storms have had on CNA and its results. But I would be remiss if I didn't highlight how well the company has navigated this challenging, catastrophe-filled quarter. CNA's posted net operating income of $159 million despite losses from hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, and the company's capital position actually improved during the quarter. And now on to Loews Hotels. Over the last two years, Loews Hotels has experienced dynamic growth. At the end of 2015, we had 23 hotels with almost 11,500 rooms. Since then, 2 hotels have been sold and we have opened and/or committed to opening 7 new hotels, which will add about 5,000 keys to our room count. Even while the chain has been expanding, operating margins have been increasing steadily. Additionally, Jon Tisch step back into his role as CEO of Loews Hotels last fall, just in time to leave this charge. There is no one we trust more at the helm. Notwithstanding the company's impressive growth, the hospitality industry is facing an increasingly challenging environment. For almost a decade, the hotel industry has seen consistent top line growth, but in many markets supply is now outpacing demand and RevPAR growth has decelerated. Social media, instant availability of information, distribution intermediaries, mobile devices and the sharing economy, all exert pressure on a hospitality industry. Simultaneously, hotel companies have consolidated into industry behemoths with economies of scale pressuring smaller operators. So, how is Loews Hotels addressing this host of challenges? The company's strategy is twofold. First, we are concentrating on highly-profitable, distinguished hotels in the upper upscale market. Properties that cater to group business and are therefore better able to withstand disruptors such as the sharing economy and technological disintermediation. These hotels typically have 300 to 800 rooms along with significant meeting space; properties such as the Loews Chicago Hotel, the Loews Vanderbilt Hotel in Nashville, and the Loews Miami Beach Hotel. Secondly, Loews Hotels continues to seek out partners who come to the party with properties that have unique built-in demand generators, similar to what we have done so successfully in our long-term partnership with Orlando Resorts  with Universal Orlando Resorts. This strategy of growth in immersive destinations leverages our demonstrated success at managing themed concepts, exemplified by our one-of-a-kind destinations such as the Hard Rock Hotel and the Cabana Bay Beach Resort, both in Orlando. Our partnership with Universal began almost 20 years ago with a joint venture in the first three hotels on the theme park campus. Today, Loews Hotels in partnership with Universal has five hotels and 5,600 rooms in Orlando, and we'll open our sixth property in the summer of 2018, the 600-room Aventura Hotel, and there's more to come. In the next several weeks, the partnership plans to announce a project that will be our largest investment so far in Orlando in terms of both rooms and dollars. So, stay tuned. Our initial three-hotel investment in the Orlando joint venture has yielded spectacular returns and the properties continue to flourish. The second phase of our expansion in Orlando occurred in 2014, with the opening of the Cabana Bay Beach Resort, a 2,200-room hotel that has already recouped much of its initial investment. During 2016, we opened the Loews Sapphire Falls Resort Hotel with a 1,000 guest rooms, and connected it to the Loews Royal Pacific to create a combined 2,000-room complex with nearly 250,000 square feet of meeting space. All our properties on the Universal campus consistently deliver occupancy rates and room rates well above their competition, meaning that our RevPAR there is market-leading. Universal has been an outstanding partner and our joint ventures have been a great investment for both of us, and our expectation is that it will continue to be so. Separating apart from Orlando, over the last several months, we have announced three additional new hotel projects that have great promise. The first hotel fits nicely into the part of our core strategy that focuses on group business. It's the 800-key Loews Kansas City hotel. This hotel, which will open in 2020, will be physically connected to the Kansas City Convention Center, which we believe will drive healthy group demand. This property will be the first new major hotel in Kansas City in over 30 years. The second and third new projects under development fits squarely into our immersive destination strategy. Together with The Cordish Companies, Loews Hotels has announced a new partnership called Live! by Loews. The first two such properties will be located in Arlington, Texas and in St. Louis, Missouri, and will open in 2019 and 2020 respectively. These properties are adjacent to the major sports arenas in those cities as well as being located in The Cordish Companies' entertainment districts. In St. Louis, we'll partner with the St. Louis Cardinals; and in Arlington, we'll join forces with the Texas Rangers. Both teams have a deep-rooted fan base and we look forward to welcoming them to our new best-in-class assets, but have no fear these hotels will do plenty of business on non-game nights too. The stadiums and the Cordish entertainment districts will host many concerts and events throughout the year, and our hotels will include significant meeting space, making these ideal destinations for groups and transient customers looking for a unique immersive experience. These three new hotels are all development projects. Why have we focused more on building versus buying? It's simple. First, when you build something, you get exactly what you want. Second, we think the returns are great. We typically look to greenlight projects with mid-teen cash-on-cash returns on equity. And third, Loews Hotels is both an owner and an operator, a business model that is increasingly rare for hotel companies. This makes us an attractive partner for developers, immersive destination owners and municipalities alike. We think like owners because we are owners, which creates mutually beneficial partnership dynamics for all constituents, something Loews Hotels has prided itself on for almost 60 years that we've been in the business. We're pleased with the growth and the growth prospects at Loews Hotels. The company's flexibility, its agile operating philosophy and its willing and ability to invest in its projects, all represent competitive advantages. Over the coming years, we will continue to leverage our strong competitive standing in the industry and seek to invest in projects with above-market returns as well as cultivating new and existing partnerships. We're confident in Loews Hotels' strategy, its leadership and the company's ability to create value for our shareholders over the long term. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to our CFO, David Edelson.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For the third quarter, Loews reported net income of $157 million or $0.46 per share, down from $327 million or $0.97 per share in last year's third quarter. Page 17 of our earnings supplement sets forth the key quarterly and year-to-date drivers. Two principal factors caused the $170 million year-over-year decline in our third quarter net income. Catastrophe losses at CNA, related largely to hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, reduced our third quarter net income by a $170 million. Last year, the negative impact of catastrophes was only $10 million. Additionally, both CNA and Diamond incurred debt redemption charges during the quarter, which combined to reduce our net income by $35 million. Absent CNA's catastrophe losses and the debt redemption charges, our pro forma net income was $362 million, up 7% from last year's third quarter. Now for more on CNA. The company had a strong quarter operationally, which isn't obvious from the $178 million year-to-year decline in CNA's contribution to our third quarter net income. Let me say a bit more about CNA's catastrophe losses and debt redemption charge before highlighting the company's continued underwriting progress. CNA is in the insurance business, so catastrophe losses are par for the course. The good news is that CNA's losses were very much in line with, if not somewhat below, its market share in the affected areas. We believe this highlights the company's strong risk management. Overall, CNA incurred $269 million pre-tax of catastrophe losses in the quarter versus only $16 million in Q3 2016. As previously mentioned, these cat losses reduced our net income by a $170 million this quarter as compared to $10 million last year. Now for the debt redemption charge. During the quarter, CNA issued $500 million of tenure notes and redeemed $350 million of notes due in November 2019. This early redemption generated a $42 million pre-tax charge at CNA, which reduced its contribution to our net income by $24 million. Absent the catastrophe losses and the debt redemption charge, CNA's contribution to our net income would have been $324 million, up slightly from the prior year. CNA's underwriting results continue to show real progress in the quarter. Its combined ratio before cat losses and prior-year development improved 2.9 points from the prior year from 97.5% down to 94.6%. Additionally, the company booked a hefty 7.4 points of favorable prior-year development, slightly lower than last year's 8 points, but still extremely positive. So overall, excluding catastrophes but including prior-year development, CNA's combined ratio for the quarter was 87.2% as compared to 89.4% last year. Two more CNA observations. Number one, net investment income was down slightly year-over-year mainly due to slightly lower, but still quite positive LP returns. And number two, realized gains on the investment portfolio which flow through net income, were higher last year than this year. Together, these two items accounted for a $29 million negative year-to-year net income variance for Loews. Turning to Diamond Offshore. Diamond contributed $6 million to our net income this quarter, about the same as last year. During the third quarter, Diamond issued $500 million of eight-year notes and redeemed $500 million of notes scheduled to come due in May 2019. This redemption generated a $35 million pre-tax charge which reduced Diamond's contribution to our Q3 net income by $11 million. Absent this debt redemption charge, Diamond's contribution to our net income would have been $17 million, up $10 million from the prior year. Diamond's effective tax rate can differ materially across quarters. So let me comment instead on its pre-tax income, which was down 9% excluding the debt redemption charge. Contract drilling revenues were up about 5% from the prior year and depreciation was also favorable because of prior-period rig impairments. However, these positives were offset by higher expenses, mainly contract drilling expenses as well as higher interest expense, as some interest was capitalized during last year's third quarter before the Ocean GreatWhite went on contract. As you know, the offshore drilling market remains extremely challenging. Diamond is laser-focused on maintaining its strong liquidity profile and maximizing its operating cash flow. On to Boardwalk, which posted excellent results in the quarter. The company's operating revenues net of fuel and transportation expenses were up almost 3%. EBITDA was up 9% and net income was up 48%. Boardwalk's contribution to our net income was $17 million versus $14 million in Q3 2016. Its contribution would have been $21 million this quarter, if not for a state tax-related deferred tax true-up booked at the Loews level. Boardwalk's $1.2 billion of growth projects are on time and on budget and are backed by long-term fixed-fee firm contracts. Results at Loews Hotels improved year-over-year as pre-tax income rose 132% and adjusted EBITDA was up about 13%. The company's five properties at the Universal Orlando Resort, propelled these improvements as did the Loews Miami Beach, which was under renovation during last year's third quarter. Earnings were negatively affected this year by lagging results at a few of the company's group-oriented hotels, caused mainly by renovation activity and a shift in the holiday schedule. In keeping with Jim's focus on Loews Hotels, we have added information about this business to our quarterly earnings supplement, including adjusted EBITDA and adjusted debt. These non-GAAP metrics quantify the pro rata EBITDA and mortgage debt attributable to Loews Hotels. We disclosed these metrics in part because GAAP joint venture accounting makes it difficult for investors to understand the underlying earnings power of Loews Hotels portfolio of joint venture properties. To answer an anticipated question, we do not plan to begin providing property-by-property detail. That said, we hope to provide useful color on Loews Hotels' results in future quarters. Turning to the parent company. Pre-tax net investment income was $48 million, up from $36 million last year and just $2 million last quarter. Equities drove the year-over-year improvement, offset in part by alternatives and gold-related securities. The improvement from last quarter was attributable predominantly to alternatives and equities. And now for our newest subsidiary, Consolidated Container. On page 5 of our earnings release, CCC's revenues are shown in investment income and other and its pre-tax and net income are included in corporate and other. This is the first full quarter that CCC is included in our results, so it's obviously still early days. Overall, CCC is performing well and the company remains solidly on track to deliver attractive double-digit cash-on-cash returns to Loews. On a net income basis, the company essentially broke even during the quarter. Operationally, CCC experienced some Hurricane Harvey related disruptions in Q3. CCC's management team continues to impress us with its professionalism, operational knowhow, and strategic focus. We will have more to say about CCC during our year-end earnings call. Loews continues to maintain an extremely strong and liquid balance sheet. At September 30, the parent company portfolio of cash and investments totaled $5.1 billion, with approximately 65% in cash and short-term investments and the remainder in fixed maturities, marketable equity securities and a diversified portfolio of limited partnership investments. During the third quarter, we received $86 million in dividends from our subsidiaries; $73 million from CNA and $13 million from Boardwalk. And with that, I will now hand the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Wonderful. Thanks, David. Kristen, we're ready to begin the question-and-answer portion of our call.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Hello?
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: How are you doing there? I wanted to ask some questions about incentive compensation and whatnot. It's an interesting sort of year quarter. CNA is doing great, but you can't account for the weather. And so, I want to know how you think about  obviously, CNA reduced their own compensation scheme and year-over-year you lose money or you lose money a quarter, because by the way the December's an ROE year-to-date, but we're not doing as well as you want to. That affects competition. How should that affect compensation at Loews? Is it purely the performance of the underlying assets, is it the operational performance? What do we think there?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: For the Loews  incentive compensation?
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. In a year where one of your major assets still maybe performing well, but for some reason lose a significant amount of money due to something like the weather?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, what I would direct you to do is take a look at our proxy statement, which has a very long and detailed explanation not only of our incentive compensation system, but also of our incentive compensation philosophy. And I think that that's really important. I look at that section often every year to make sure it reflects management's view of how our compensation system works here, and I think that what we have put together while unconventional, really suits us just fine.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And does it reflect these unusual items? I mean, maybe I'll go back and take a look, but maybe what (23:04)
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Let me describe briefly what it is. We have a very collegial group of senior executives here. We are managing here for the intermediate to the long term. We are not managing for an individual year. As I constantly say, our goal is to increase long-term value. And so, the thing that we do not want to do is encourage actions that might lead to spiking earnings in one year or the next, or doing things that might not lead to long-term value, but instead might just lead to a short-term pop. So we've constructed a compensation system that focuses on generally consistent earnings for senior executives, that compensates them fairly for what they do and generally results in compensation that does not have spikes because of one action or another. By doing that, we have a very collegial group here at the Loews senior management team, because everybody knows that this is a team effort to build value. And additionally, because I think in part of the way our compensation system works, there is absolutely no desire on anybody's part to spike earnings in one year or the next. And so, it's a system that is different than many other systems. We do give, to senior executives and other Loews' employees, restricted stock units that hopefully will reflect  hopefully and ultimately will reflect the value that has been created and provide some incentive, not that it's needed, but provide some incentive to the senior executives to focus on long-term value at Loews.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Well, I appreciate that. And on the investments you're making in hotels, how should I think about the impact on 2018, 2019 cash flow?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: In terms of what, I'm sorry?
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: The investments in hotels?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: The investments in Loews Hotels is entirely manageable. Loews Corporation will be providing some of the planned investments, but it's not going to be significant draw on the Loews treasury.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning, Loews.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Good morning.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Good morning, Bob.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: The hotel discussion, I appreciate both the discussion and increased disclosure. When we think about how to value it, I'm just curious what you look at adjusted EBITDA as sort of what I look at. But is there something beyond that like asset value or per room value or off balance sheet, assets that you're generating that we should think of in terms of the valuation?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So in order to determine the value, I think what you have to do is look at it on a case-by-case basis, right. If you want to do a sum of the parts for Loews Hotels, you've got  for some hotels, it's fine to look at EBITDA; for a lot of them it is, but you have to understand the marketplace in which they're operating. There are other hotels that for one reason or another might not be earning in one year or multiple years significant EBITDA, but that can nonetheless be worth a lot of money. So, it's really a difficult job for someone to value all the hotels. It takes a lot of time, attention and focus. Oftentimes, it means going and visiting properties and just understanding what the potential value might be. It's something that really needs to be done by someone who is well immersed in the hotel business, who understands relative values and they should be able to come up with a pretty accurate number of what each of the individual hotels might be worth.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Great. That's very helpful. You said Jon had some challenges in the hotel that he's facing, but that's probably less than what he's facing in his other operation he's involved with these days. Sorry, I had to go there.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Yeah.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: That's okay.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: On oil, you were  on the fourth quarter 2015, kudos to you for saying oil was bouncing along in the bottom and I think you threw out somewhere between $60 and $70 as a price in three to five years, and we're more than halfway towards that target. Where does it have to get before we start to see kernels of positive in your businesses?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: First of all, some self-promotion. It's more than half way there. In fact, Brent is already over $60. So as I like to say, I'm going to declare victory and retreat. In terms of what has to happen now for there to be increased investment, I think it's going to happen. And as opposed to the CEO of Diamond Offshore, I think it's going to happen in fact more rapidly than Mark Edwards does. We allow different executives here to have different views. I think what's going to happen  what's happened is that there has been an enormous, enormous underinvestment in productive capacity worldwide. It's breathtaking how big that underinvestment has been. And it is my belief, based on study and research that shale oil produced in the United States, we'll not be able to fully supply worldwide oil demand over the next 5 to 10 years that there is a limit to the shale productive capacity in the United States. I know that that statement may be going against history and the trend so far, but I think that what you will see is that there is a limit to how much shale oil can be produced here. Yes, it can increase by 1 million barrels this year and 1 million barrels next year, and maybe even 1 million barrels for one or two years after that. But at some point in time, shale production will level off in the United States. And then what the world will need is more productive capacity. Typically, that productive capacity can take three to five years to come online. And already for the past 2 1/2 or 3 years, the world has been seriously under investing in that productive capacity. So, my overall view is that oil companies need  major oil companies will be forced by the market to invest in productive capacity. To date, they've had to decide between dividends and capital investing and they've come down squarely on the side of dividends. But it is my guess that with Brent trading over $60 and with WTI at $53 or $54 a barrel, this is going to start to accumulate the cash flow that will enable them to crank up some of their offshore exploration and development projects. So, while I don't expect a flood of waters this quarter into Diamond Offshore, my guess is that over the coming year or two, the offshore drilling industry will see a significant increase in inquiries for offshore drilling services.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Well, I didn't mean to under-congratulate you, but it's nice to hear that there could be light at the end of the tunnel within a couple of years. Is that what you're saying?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Yes. Yes, yes. Yes, I think we've seen  this is not hard to say, I think we've seen the low in oil prices that  look, that was $27 a barrel, but...
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Fourth quarter 2015 call, yeah.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Yeah. But most important, I think that I'm starting to hear a bell ringing that investment in productive capacity beyond shale oil is going to start to increase.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Appreciate the answers, Jimmy.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: My pleasure.
Operator: That will conclude the question-and-answer portion of today's call. I will hand the program back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Great. Thanks, Kristen. Always thanks to all of you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website at loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining the Loews Corporation quarter three 2017 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp. James S. Tisch - Loews Corp. David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: My name is Nicole and I'll be your conference operator this morning. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Loews' Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Results Conference Call. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. You may begin.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Loews' second quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include questions submitted via email by our shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief statement of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for a reconciliation to those most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter, but before he does Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. Overall, Loews had a great quarter, and operating results were strong across the board. But instead of simply focusing on quarterly results as was once my custom, on today's call, I'd like to continue my recent practice of speaking in detail on a single topic of interest. Specifically, I'd like to talk a bit about the benefits of diversification with regard to our portfolio of businesses using the recent histories of CNA and Diamond Offshore as examples. It has long been our belief that having a diversified portfolio of businesses subject to different market cycles offers the best way to deliver superior returns over the long-term. However, operating in diverse industries does mean that, at any given time, our subsidiaries can face vastly different market environments, some hospitable and others more challenging. CNA and Diamond today illustrate the point. Over the last few years, CNA has been on the upswing while Diamond now operates in an industry facing a protracted down cycle. Let's focus on the positive first and take a look at CNA and the commercial property and casualty insurance market. Over the last year, CNA's total return to shareholders was more than 70%. While CNA was just as strong financially a year ago as it is today, the market seems to have finally caught on. A little less than 20 years ago, CNA was an insurance company that had lost its way trying to be all things to all people with no focused strategy. Today, the company has been transformed into a consistently profitable commercial P&C insurance carrier with strong operating results and an intense focus on underwriting fundamentals. Let me give you a little history. Steve Lilienthal, CNA's CEO from 2001 to 2009 had the arduous task of streamlining the company. He divested certain lines of business that were not core to CNA, such as reinsurance, life insurance and personal lines. It sounds easy in retrospect, but at the time it was grueling and Steve did an excellent job riding the ship. When Steve retired in 2009, Tom Motamed became the CEO and focused CNA on improving its market position in specialty and commercial lines, creating a culture of underwriting discipline and making sure that the company had adequate reserves. This new direction helped modify CNA's balance sheet which remains rock solid to this day. In November of last year, industry veteran Dino Robusto joined CNA, ready, willing, able and chomping at the bit to lead the company through its next phase of growth and profitability. CNA's longstanding goal is to post best-in-class underwriting results and it's getting closer to that achievement every day. CNA's loss ratio is basically in line with, if not better than its top tier competitors. However, its expense ratio tends to be higher than its competition, which management is addressing. The bottom-line is that while CNA has come a long way, we believe there is still ample runway for value creation and we believe that Dino, with his energy, experience and vision is the right individual to get the job done. If you look at CNA's earnings results for this quarter, you'll see he's already been hard at work. The company had a combined ratio of 93.5% primarily due to improved underwriting performance. In stark contrast to CNA's upswing, Diamond Offshore is operating in an industry that continues to face one of the sharpest downturns in its history. Contracts have been cancelled, leading edge day rates are oftentimes at or below operating costs and oil prices remain well below levels of a few years ago. Despite the pain, Diamond's CEO, Mark Edwards, and his team continued to navigate these troubled waters with tireless focus, skill and determination. And while the short to medium term outlook for the offshore drilling market remains bleak, Diamond has maintained its relative strength and all of its newbuild drilling rigs are operating under long-term contracts at an average rate of $450,000 per day. The company has also been exploring new ways to differentiate itself from its competitors and provide better value to its customers. While we don't know exactly when the offshore drilling market will recover, we do not doubt the inevitability of a recovery. Steep declines in existing oilfields will hit the market in the next few years and growth in offshore oil production will be needed to meet demand. Offshore oil is a significant part of the global supply mix that we believe cannot and will not be replaced by conventional offshore drilling or shale production. Today, we're seeing the faintest of green shoots as the offshore drilling industry moves towards product standardization and simplification. So, in conclusion, let's remember that it was only about five years ago that Diamond was Loews' largest subsidiary by market value, supplying the lion's share of our cash flow. Back then, CNA was just beginning its rise, yet today, the roles are reversed. Owning companies in a variety of industries offers the safeguard to shareholders against volatility in any one sector. Looking back at our history, we can clearly see that operating in diverse industries has given Loews a distinct advantage in its quest to create long-term value for its shareholders, a commitment that has defined Loews for more than 50 years. And now over to David.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For the second quarter, Loews reported net income of $231 million or $0.69 per share, up from a loss of $65 million or $0.19 per share in last year's second quarter. Diamond Offshore and CNA Financial accounted for the bulk of the $296 million year-over-year positive earnings swing, while parent company investment income was the main detractor versus the prior year. Lower rig impairments at Diamond contributed to the year-over-year improvement. Rig impairments reduced Loews' net income in Q2 2016 by $267 million whereas in this year's second quarter the impairments' hit dropped to $23 million. Excluding the Diamond impairments, Loews' net income was $254 million in Q2 2017, up from $202 million in Q2 2016. The key drivers for the quarter are set forth on page 12 of our earnings supplement, which has been posted to our investor relations website. CNA had an excellent quarter and was by far the largest contributor to our consolidated net income at $244 million. This represents a $55 million or 29% year-to-year increase. Two factors drove this increase. Stronger P&C underwriting income and higher realized investment gains. Net investment income was in fact down slightly year-over-year, given a modest fall-off in LP results. The improvement in P&C underwriting income came from a meaningfully lower combined ratio. CNA's calendar year combined ratio declined from 97.4% in Q2 2016 to 93.5% in this year's second quarter, a 3.9-point improvement on $1.6 billion of quarterly net earned premiums. Given the catastrophe losses and favorable prior year development essentially offset one another this quarter, I would highlight the improvement in CNA's combined ratio, excluding cats and prior year development, also known as the non-cat accident year combined ratio. Specifically, the company's non-cat accident year combined ratio dropped 3.7 points from 98.3 in Q2 2016 to 94.6 in this year's second quarter. All three of CNA's P&C segments, Specialty, Commercial and International, showed excellent year-over-year improvement. The improvement was particularly notable in the company's Commercial and International segments, as those non-cat accident year combined ratios dropped by 3.2 points and 14.2 points, respectively. This quarter highlights CNA's enhanced underwriting discipline, its ongoing favorable prior year development and its focus on expense control. Dino Robusto and his team are singularly focused on continual improvement across CNA, building on the solid foundation created by Tom Motamed during his tenure as CEO. Turning to Diamond Offshore. While Diamond contributed only $7 million to our net income this quarter, that is over $300 million more than last year's second quarter. The previously mentioned rig impairments accounted for most of the year-over-year swing. That said, even after excluding the impairment charges, Diamond's contribution to our net income increased $57 million year-over-year, driven mainly by higher contract drilling revenues, strong cost controls, reduced depreciation expense owing to last year's rig impairments and a lower effective tax rate. Boardwalk posted excellent results in the quarter after excluding a one-time loss associated with the sale of a gas processing facility, and related gathering assets. The loss decreased Boardwalk's contribution to our net income by $15 million, thus accounting for the year-to-year decline in net income contribution. Absent this loss however, Boardwalk would have contributed $21 million to our Q2 2017 net income versus $17 million last year. And remember that in last year's second quarter, Boardwalk benefited from the legal settlement that increased its net income contribution by $4 million. Loews Hotels also had a good quarter, with net income of $10 million. During last year's second quarter the company wrote down an equity investment in one of its joint venture hotel property. So, while the year-over-year net income comparison was still favorable, it's not as dramatic as it first appears. The Hotel company's adjusted EBITDA, which excludes the write-down in other non-recurring items was $61 million for the quarter, up from $56 million in Q2 2016. The increase was principally driven by Loews Hotel's joint venture properties at the Universal Orlando Resort. Our earnings supplement includes a definition of adjusted EBITDA. Turning to the Parent company, net investment income was weak in Q2 2017 as results from gold related equities were down meaningfully versus the prior year as were results from other equity strategies. While our holdings of gold-related equities can be volatile from one period to another, we have under 3% of Parent company cash and investments devoted to this asset class. And over time, these investments have performed as intended within the context of the overall parent company portfolio. As you know, we closed on the purchase of Consolidated Container Company on May 22. In the segment results on page 5 of our release, CCC's revenues for the period of our ownership are included in investment income and other. CCC's pre-tax net income are included in corporate. CCC essentially broke even during the first six weeks of our ownership as the company's income was negatively affected by deal-related expenses and the impact of purchase accounting entries. Please note that we will be disclosing in our Form 10-Q the purchase price allocation for the acquisition. We expect to show CCC as its own reporting segment beginning with our Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2017. Loews continues to maintain an extremely strong and liquid balance sheet. At June 30, post the funding of the CCC acquisition, the Parent company portfolio totaled $5 billion with approximately two thirds in cash and short-term investments and the remainder in fixed maturities, marketable equity securities and a diversified portfolio of limited partnership investments. During the second quarter, we received $74 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, including $61 million from CNA and $13 million from Boardwalk. CNA announced this morning that it had increased its quarterly dividend from $0.25 per share to $0.30 per share, which translates into an incremental $12 million per quarter to Loews. This dividend hike is yet further evidence of CNA's rock solid capital position and its improving operating performance. I will now hand the call back to Jim.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you, David. Man, oh man, I lost my pages, here we go. Thank you, David. Before we turn the call over to Mary, I want to bring up a question that I think is top of mind for most of you; namely, why hasn't Loews bought back more shares considering that the sum of the parts discount is the highest it's been in a number of years. As I'm sure you know, we are well aware of Loews' sum of the parts valuation. In fact, it's something that I track constantly. Judging by the increase in our stock price over the past nine months, it certainly seems that we should have been more active repurchasing our stock. What's held us back is that while Loews almost only seems relatively cheap and even more so now, given the widening discount, the market still seems very high to us. We've been nervous about the equity market for a while and we've been struggling to reconcile our view of the market's absolute level with the relative value of Loews' stock. As you know we take a long-term view on share repurchases. We look for opportunities to repurchase Loews' stock when both its relative and absolute values are attractive. We know that if the stock market declines, our share price will likely move in the same direction. So, given our nervousness about the stock market, we've been waiting for a time to repurchase shares at a more advantageous price. Some of you may think we may be too cautious. You may be right, only time will tell. Historically, though, we have shown that once we are comfortable buying back shares, we buy back a lot of them. In the last two years, our buybacks may have seemed anemic, but over just the last five years we've bought back 14% of our outstanding shares at a cost of approximately $2.5 billion. Clearly, repurchasing our shares remains an important way that we allocate capital to create shareholder value. And now, I'd like to hand the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim, for answering that important question from shareholders. At this time, Nicole, we'd like to hand the call back over to you for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Bob Glasspiegel from Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I'd like to pursue a little bit a few questions on CCC. I think, you said you think it's a 10% cash-on-cash return. But it sounds like purchase accounting might offset some of that. Now that you've had it in your hands for longer, any sense on the conviction on that 10% cash return and what sort of goodwill offsets might there be to that?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, we've owned it now for approximately two months, and it's performing basically exactly the way we had expected it to. When I talked about the potential for double-digit cash-on-cash returns on our investment, that is just what it says. Cash-on-cash, so it doesn't include any factoring in of goodwill, nor of depreciation. And, as I said, in our first two months of ownership we have nothing to disabuse us of our notion that it's going to be a good cash generator for Loews.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Bob, I'd also note that the purchase accounting and certain of the purchase accounting entries in the six weeks of the second quarter really related only to the six weeks of the second quarter. There will, of course, be ongoing purchase accounting given the accounting, but these were sort of one-time setup sort of purchase accounting entries.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I was using $600 million for the equity investment or is there further disclosure somewhere?
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Yes.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: That's correct.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Are you going to disclose it in the Q.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: No, no, I'm sorry, it's correct that our equity investment was approximately $600 million.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Yes, that will be disclosed.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: In the Q, okay.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Yes.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And now that you don't do the sort of parent rollup, I have to bother you with a couple other questions. Hotel carrying value?
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: I'm going to have to get back to you on that.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: You're talking about net book value?
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Yes, equity. Yes, carrying value, yes. So it'd be great if you could like somehow put that in the supplement or in some other source now that it's no longer in the 10-Qs, your divisional carrying values.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Okay.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And what was the gold losses either absolute or year-over-year?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Yes, in the context of the portfolio, it wasn't big, but there were some losses in the quarter. Gold prices went down during the quarter. But let's keep it all in perspective. Gold is not a big factor in our portfolio. And what we have is a portfolio. So, we have a number of hedge funds, we have a few hundred million dollars in equities, and it just so happened that for the quarter, the hedge fund didn't perform particularly well. Gold was down and the equities that we had didn't perform particularly well.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I was just curious, I'm trying to get to what the run rate for corporate is, recognizing there's volatility in investment returns prospectively, but...
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: The run rate is that we've got I think about $1 billion of hedge funds, we have like $150 million of gold-related securities, and we have a few hundred million dollars of equities.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: The real change in the quarter, Bob, was just the fact that in the second quarter of last year, gold had extraordinary returns, and in this year's second quarter, as Jim described, gold declined in the quarter. So it was really the year-over-year change that's more remarkable than the absolute return.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. You gave me enough information that I can be a little bit dangerous in my modeling. Thank you.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Millman from Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. So as I guess recent publicity about some huge number of uncompleted wells in the U.S., as one article indicated, there is huge underground storage. With that kind of news, is that accelerating any dumping of drilling equipment? You've always said the time to be optimistic is when you start to see equipment being dumped. And then I have another question.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So drilled but uncompleted wells, otherwise known as DUCs, I am not exactly sure what's been happening to that number. I haven't followed it recently. What we do know is that shale oil production is up rather significantly in the past year. And the general forecast is that U.S. shale oil production can increase by about 1 million barrels per day every year. The question is for how many years will U.S. shale production be able to increase at that rate. And the other question is, what's going to happen to worldwide oil consumption. And most importantly, in my mind, what's going to happen to worldwide oil depletion. Our guess is that the underinvestment in oil exploration and production over the past three years is going to start to take its toll as projects that were completed before that period start to come online and start to deplete. And it's our view that in the coming years there will be a significant need for the offshore oil that has provided up to 30% of the worldwide oil supply. So I would say that we feel that right now, even though you didn't ask about it, we feel that right now we're bouncing along at the bottom with respect to offshore oil drilling. But we believe that there are, as I said, a few greenshoots, and we think that in the coming months and years, there will be more.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So are you suggesting that we shouldn't expect to see this historic  what has been historic kind of dumping at the bottom  dumping of equipment at the bottom?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I'm not exactly sure what you mean by dumping of equipment. Are you talking about offshore drilling equipment?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Yes.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, yes, there has been significant scrapping of certain offshore drilling equipment. That's equipment that's generally third- and fourth-generation rigs where there has been an assessment by the individual owners that those rigs it is not worthwhile for them to store those rigs with a hope and expectation that in a number of years they will be able to come back into the market. There is general agreement that there are more than enough fifth- and sixth-generation rigs in order to satisfy the future demand for drilling assets over the coming five years. So I think that it's very possible that some of that scrapping will continue. But I think the important thing to look at is not the scrapping but rather what percent of the fleet is operating and how much of the fifth- and sixth-generation fleets are stacked, and what would be the cost to be able to bring those rigs out of the stack mode when, as, and if the demand increases.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. And then just kind of a follow up on your share repurchase. As analyst talking to investors and trying to convince them to buy Loews, it's difficult to do that when the company is saying, gee, it's not a good time, because we think it's possible the stock is going to go down with the market. So maybe you could sort of help us out on how do we approach this?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So let me just mention a few things. Number one, we think about absolute value versus relative value. I don't think that Loews in any way is overpriced versus the stock market. But the stock market trading at 17x, 18x, or 19x earnings, the fact that interest rates are still as low as they are when we're seeing economic growth of 2.5%. The fact that there's a lot of complacency in all markets, not just the equity markets, leads me, and I'm pleased to say a significant number of other market commentators, to the view that this complacency that we're seeing in the markets can lead to a decline in equity values. When most investors buy Loews' shares, if they change their mind, if they get nervous about the market, they can turn around and sell those shares. When the company buys in the shares, we buy them forever. And so what we are trying to do when we buy our shares is to buy them at the cheapest price we can purchase them at. I understand there are a lot of companies that repurchase their shares, they do it according to a program, and they know every quarter they've budgeted so and so many dollars to buy in their shares. That's not the way we roll. I will stand firmly behind, and I am proud of, our repurchase record that goes back to the 1970s, that we've bought shares at attractive prices over that time period, and in that time period, have probably retired in excess of 75% of our then outstanding shares. So, yes, it is possible that I'm being a bit stubborn that the market is going to go up from here, but we've got to do what we think is right for all the shareholders. And our guess, at this point in time is, as it has been, not to spend our corporate cash on share repurchases. That can change at any point in time without any notice to shareholders, but it's how we come out after assessing all the factors that we consider.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thank you. I hate to keep hitting this horse, but maybe you can explain a few things to us. So you spoke about...
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: The horse is already dead.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Well, thank goodness Loews isn't. So that's what we're talking about here. And if we think about the idea of a 10% cash-on-cash return at Consolidated Container versus repurchasing your own shares, those are two different kinds of investment decisions. But as a good investment manager, you're supposed to be able to explain why one makes more sense than the other. Is a 10% cash-on-cash return better than you can do by buying your own shares and would you do that to kind of trade over and over again? And if that's the case, why buy any shares of those back? Why not be doing bolt-ons for CCC?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Listen, first of all, buying CCC did not in any way hinder our ability to repurchase shares. Even after the CCC acquisitions, we had $5 billion in cash and investments. With respect to bolt-on acquisitions, CCC is ready, willing, and able to do it. They're looking around, they're waiting for the right deal at the right price, and doing bolt-ons is not like buying shares of stock. It's not there is something to do every day. You have to wait for the right opportunity and then seize it. And I promise you that CCC is looking for those opportunities. We discussed it with management, and we have complete confidence in management's ability to over time find the right bolt-on acquisitions for CCC.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And with Loews's loan CCC the money to do bolt-ons or would it purchase those bolt-ons on their behalf?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: We haven't fully thought about it. It depends how big the acquisition might be. If it's not too big, certainly CCC can afford it itself. So there are a lot of different factors that will go into it.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: The way we've structured CCC post the acquisition is they have balance sheet capacity to do bolt-on acquisitions up to a point, of course, but a number of them.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. And then I mean, we don't know. This is all hypothetical, but should we assume that a bolt-on for CCC has a higher cash-on-cash return than CCC itself because of your ability to leverage economies of scale and take out costs?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Yeah. That's generally the case.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session for today's program. I will now hand it back over to Mary for any additional remarks.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thanks, Nichole. As always, we want to thank all of you for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. That concludes the Loews's call.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp. James S. Tisch - Loews Corp. David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Loews' Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Chrystal. Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Loews call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include a selection of questions submitted via email by our shareholders. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements, due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During our call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter, but before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO, will kick off the call. Jim, over to you.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Mary. Good morning. And thank you for joining us on our call today. I'd like to start out by discussing Loews' recently announced entry into the packaging industry. As you probably know by now, a few weeks ago, we signed an agreement to acquire Consolidated Container Company or CCC for $1.2 billion. The company is a leading rigid plastic packaging manufacturer based in Atlanta, Georgia that makes containers for stable end markets such as beverages, motor oil, laundry detergent and dairy products. The acquisition of CCC will add a new industry to Loews' already diverse portfolio of businesses and provide a great foundation for expansion through organic growth and bolt-on acquisitions. We've been analyzing the packaging industry for quite some time, getting to know it well and looking for the right deal and we believe we found it. CCC is an outstanding company that checks all the boxes for Loews' criteria. First, first of all, the size of the investment meets the Goldilocks test. The $600 million check is just right, allowing us to feel comfortable about making add-on investments down the road. Aside from the size of the investment, the other checkboxes are the fragmentation of the industry, the opportunity for add-on investments, their defensive position in consumer end markets, strong cash-on-cash returns and a highly qualified management team. Consolidated sector of the packaging industry is attractive to us for a number of reasons. The rigid plastic packaging sector is somewhat recession-resistant in that its products are used primarily for non-discretionary consumer items. And while there are evolutionary changes in the business, we believe it's unlikely that this sector will be subject to major technological disruption. CCC is the largest national player in the small-to-medium volume segment of this industry with 59 manufacturing facilities across the U.S., either co-located or close to their customers, a distinct advantage in minimizing transportation costs. The company has long-term client relationships with little turnover in its customer base. Over the last several years, CCC has focused on customers who have small, but growing brands that have been challenging traditional incumbents in various product classes, such as Seventh Generation cleaning products and Persil laundry detergents. A data point that will come as no surprise to our shareholders is that we especially like the steady cash flow characteristics of this sector. We anticipate near-double-digit cash-on-cash returns on our investment. CCC's free cash flow will, for the foreseeable future, be used either to pay down debt or to finance acquisitions. Finally and most importantly, CCC has a strong and experienced management team with a track record of operational excellence. As I've said before, we've kicked a lot of tires in this process and we have yet to come across a management team as ready for primetime as CCC's. We look forward to working with its CEO Sean Fallmann and his team to profitably grow the company. The acquisition of CCC would be financed with approximately 50% cash and 50% debt at the CCC level. For Loews, this is a relatively small acquisition that allows us to continue to retain substantial liquidity at the parent company. After the close, Loews will still have approximately $5 billion of cash and investments. We expect the transaction to close later this month and we'll include partial quarter financial results for the Loews Packaging Group in our second quarter earnings release. As far as this quarter goes, I'm happy with our results and the progress of each of our subsidiaries. Our CFO, David Edelson, will now provide more details. Over to you David.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For the first quarter, Loews reported net income of $295 million or $0.87 per share, up from $102 million or $0.30 per share in last year's first quarter. I will call out the key drivers of our $193 million year-over-year quarterly earnings improvement. These are also set forth on page 12 of our earnings supplement. The supplement is available by webcast and has been posted to the Loews' IR website. In summary, CNA had an excellent quarter and contributed the bulk of our net income, accounting for approximately 80% of the total. Similarly, CNA drove our year-over-year increase, with Boardwalk Pipeline, Loews Hotels and parent company investments also contributing. Diamond Offshore was the main earnings drag this quarter given the ongoing difficult conditions in the offshore drilling market. Turning to the details. CNA's substantial increase in net income came on the back of strong net investment income, a lower retroactive reinsurance charge than in the prior year, a significant turnaround in realized gains and good underwriting results in its core P&C business with especially favorable results in Specialty and International. As a reminder, in the first quarter of last year, CNA's results were depressed by three items: realized investment losses, which reduced our net income by $17 million; losses on LP investments, which reduced our net income by $7 million; and a retroactive reinsurance charge, which reduced our net income by $74 million. The charge was related to the transfer of the company's asbestos and environmental pollution liabilities to National Indemnity in 2010. Taken together, these three items lowered CNA's contribution to our first quarter 2016 net income by $98 million. Conversely, in this year's first quarter, CNA posted realized investment gains, not losses, which benefited our net income by $20 million. CNA's LP investments returned 3.8%, benefiting our net income by $54 million. And while CNA booked a non-cash retroactive reinsurance charge again this year, it was far smaller than last year's, reducing our net income by only $12 million versus last year's $74 million. So on a year-over-year basis, these three items accounted for $160 million of the $174 million increase in CNA's contribution to our net income in Q1 2017. Away from these items, CNA showed improved results from current accident year P&C underwriting and from the Life and Group segment, offset in part by a lower level of favorable prior-year development. Beyond CNA, our year-over-year earnings improvement was driven by Boardwalk, Loews Hotels and parent company investments, offset by earnings declines at Diamond. Boardwalk's contribution to our net income increased year-over-year by 19% or $6 million, as revenues were up from recently completed growth projects, as well as favorable market conditions for the company's storage, and parking and lending services. Boardwalk's excellent performance was highlighted by its net revenues being up 7% and EBITDA up 11%. Loews Hotels also had a good quarter, with net income of $10 million. During the quarter, the company booked a gain on the sale of the JV property and wrote down its equity investment in another non-Orlando JV property. These two onetime items netted to add $6 million to Q1 2017 net income. Setting aside these items, net income at Loews Hotels increased $1 million year-over-year. The main downdraft in the quarter was from Diamond Offshore, as the depressed conditions in the offshore drilling space continued. Diamond's contribution to our Q1 net income declined from $43 million last year to $12 million in this year's first quarter. This $31 million negative swing was largely attributable to two factors. Diamond received a onetime demobilization fee last year that increased Diamond's contribution to our Q1 2016 net income by $13 million and Diamond's contract drilling revenue declined 10% excluding this demobilization fee, primarily due to fewer revenue-earning days. It is simply not possible for Diamond management to reduce expenses enough to compensate for the significant revenue declines it has experienced. Turning to the parent company. Net investment income was strong in Q1 2017, as alternative investments in equities, including gold-related equities, drove $59 million of pre-tax investment income. In comparison, the parent company portfolio generated a loss in last year's first quarter, as favorable results from gold-related equities were more than offset by unfavorable results from alternatives and other equities. Let me explain briefly the bump-up in our corporate expenses in the first quarter. Two items, expenses related to acquisition activity and the timing of bonus accruals, accounted for the lion's share of the increase. We expect to have additional acquisition-related expenses in the second quarter. As for bonuses, we will be accruing them ratably throughout the year this year, so this is simply a timing difference. Loews continues to maintain an extremely strong and liquid balance sheet. At March 31, the parent company portfolio totaled $5.6 billion, with two-thirds in cash and short-term investments and the remainder in fixed maturities, marketable equity securities and a diversified portfolio of limited partnership investments. The parent company portfolio will decrease by just over $600 million upon the closing of the Consolidated Container transaction in May. During the first quarter, we received $559 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $546 million from CNA and $13 million from Boardwalk. Dividends received from CNA included the $2 per share special dividend, which itself totaled $485 million. We had no share repurchase activity during the first quarter. I will now hand the call back to Jim.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you, David. Before we open the call to questions, I want to summarize our thoughts on CCC. Loews does not often make acquisitions at the holding company level. We have certainly looked at a lot of deals and industries over the past several years, but none have completely fit our criteria until now. Our goal is and has always been to create long-term shareholder value through responsible capital allocation. I believe that CCC gives us the platform for the type of growth that we've been looking for. Now, back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim and thank you, David. Chrystal, before we open up the call to questions from participants, we wanted to take one question from shareholders that was emailed in. The question is: Jim, how would you think about the Consolidated Container acquisition versus buying shares of Diamond, which is trading at 20-year lows? Has your view on the secular versus cyclical challenges at Diamond changed?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, no, our views on the secular versus cyclical challenges at Diamond haven't changed and this is not  the purchase of CCC was not an either-or decision vis--vis Diamond Offshore. When the CCC acquisition closes, we'll still have close to $5 billion of cash on our balance sheet. Rather, we saw this as  we saw CCC as an attractive investment for Loews Corporation. It's the exact opposite in many ways of Diamond. It's totally non-cyclical compared to the extreme cyclicality of Diamond Offshore. It seems to us to be a platform for growth. And with respect to Diamond, even at today's very low market price for Diamond, Loews still has $1 billion of exposure to the offshore drilling industry. So from a portfolio perspective, we're very comfortable with our exposure to and the upside potential for Diamond Offshore and we're also happy to have a new subsidiary that has all the possibility that I spoke about in my remarks just a few minutes ago.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Great. Thank you, Jim. Chrystal, we'd like to hand it back over to you so that you could give participants on the call instructions for asking questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning, Loews. Is it plug-and-play with CCC or is there some enhancements that you can add to either the expense side or strategy?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: No, they are good to go for us as soon as they close. There will be some minor things that have to be done just to make sure that we can account for CCC properly as a public company. But otherwise, they are fully loaded and ready to go under the Loews' banner.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Are there any numbers you want to share with us as far as earnings power, run rate or EBITDA?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Look, what I've said publicly is that we're acquiring CCC at just over 8 times EBITDA and that we foresee that we will have close to double-digit cash-on-cash returns in the first year from the investment.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Both of which, we think, is very compelling for us.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: The $600 million is the cash investment that we should think in terms of...
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Yeah. Yes.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And you said that the cash from this will be used to either pay down debt or do deals, so we shouldn't look for any dividends from this upstairs over the near term?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Not initially. As I said in my remarks, we see this as a great platform for us to make additional investments in the space. And no, we don't have any additional investments teed up at this point in time.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Gotcha.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I should say, no, the management of CCC doesn't have any investments teed up at this point in time.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Does this impact the buyback program prospect, assume either the need for the money or the need for information transmission impacted buyback in Q1, are you frozen in Q2 as well or...?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: We're not frozen at all. So we can still buy back shares. We can still  if we find it by yet another leg to the stool, we have  as I said, when the dust settles from this transaction, we'll have close to $5 billion in cash, which for us is a very comfortable cash position that doesn't constrain us in any way in terms of our quest to allocate capital to build long-term shareholder value.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Cool. Last question. What was the biggest contributor to the trading gains in the quarter?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I think, if I have to say, it was the strength of the stock market. Our results are correlated to the stock market and also to gold prices because we have a not very large, but somewhat volatile investment in gold securities.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you, Jimmy.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: My pleasure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everybody.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Good morning.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Good morning.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. Can you talk a little bit, Jim, about how you set executive comp here? You have a new business now and how will we know and how will you know whether it will be successful via remuneration of the people who are running it?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So the team at  first of all, we like very much the team at CCC. We think they're very strong, they're very professional, they know their space, they know their competition. And so, as I said, they are really ready for primetime. We have, in terms of compensation, we have agreements in place with the management team that is designed to align our interests exactly with their interests. So to the extent that earnings, earnings and the value of the enterprise grows over the next three to five years, Loews' shareholders will benefit as will the CCC management team.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: What is the base case versus what is the exemplary compensation case?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I don't want to go into any of the specifics because that I think will be seen as a projection and as you know, we like to give projections. Just rest assured that we think that the goal is entirely reasonable. It would be great for Loews if it's achieved, but we think it is very much achievable.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And a hotels question. How is your occupancy rates, and your charge per room, or charge for key, I guess, going over the past 12 months or 3 months. What's the trend right now?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Well, the operations are doing well at Loews Hotels. I would say  I would just point out, however Orlando, which is a major business within Loews Hotels, is doing extremely well and as you know, recently opened some additional rooms. I would point out that the Loews Miami Beach was also a major driver of Loews Hotels, was under renovation and that renovation concluded in the second half of the year, into the first quarter of this year. So that put a bit of a damper on some of the results, but net-net doing well.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And how is the search for new cities coming and the extent that the pricing of both the joint operating agreements and new properties is attractive or unattractive at this moment?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Being pursued aggressively, being very selective, attempting to work with attractive partners in many of those circumstances to be able to find the right opportunity and earn the right return, sort of smart capital-effective growth. And so that's what we're doing. So hopefully, we'll have things to talk about before too long.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for all your answers.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Sure.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue. I will now turn the conference back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Great. Thank you, Chrystal. Thank you, Jim and David. And as always, thank you all for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes the Loews' call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp. James S. Tisch - Loews Corp. David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Year End Review Conference Call. During the presentation, all participations will be in a listen-only mode. Afterwards, we will open the call for questions. It is now my pleasure to hand the program over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President-Investor Relations.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Lorie, and good morning, everyone. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. The earnings supplement is also available through the WebEx. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include  if a shareholder would like to submit a question for consideration, please email me at mskafidas@loews.com, again, it's mskafidas@loews.com. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied in any forward-looking statements. Due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings, forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made. The company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or receive any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter, but before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO will kick-off the call. Jim, over to you.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. I want to start by showing my thoughts on the financial markets, as a backdrop to what guided our approach to capital allocation in 2016. I've been around long enough to have lived through all sorts of markets. I've learned to respect markets, while at the same time being skeptical of conventional wisdom. I've lived through a bond bare market and a gargantuan bond bull market. I've seen bond yields above 15% and below 2%. I've seen inflationary spirals, I've seen deflationary threats, I've seen deregulation and reregulation. I've seen the S&P 500 trade as high as 30 times earnings and I've seen the S&P trade as low as 7 times earnings. With all this experience, that comes with age I might add, here is what I'm seeing in the markets today. In the credit markets, spreads on the high yield securities are approaching historically tight levels, while key credit metrics such as leverage and coverage ratios are showing signs of weakening. The leverage loan market has been overrun by such massive inflows of capital that you could probably get alone to buy a fleet of zeppelins at this point in time. With respect to rates, the 10-year treasury note is currently trading at around 2.5%, up from its recent lows, but still well below historic norms. In my view, the mood of these markets is in stark contrast with the many unknown from our current economic and political landscape, both here and abroad. For me, it's a major disconnect, and it concerns me. The optimism in the rates and credit markets is likewise reflected in the public equity and merger markets. The S&P 500 is trading at roughly 19 times earnings, 3 turns higher than the 50-year average of 2016. These valuations make me uncomfortable, especially given the unknowns in taxation, foreign trade, regulation and more. The merger market is being driven by large pools of private and corporate buyers, the wave of private capital combined with the abundance of available leverage at remarkably low rates has enabled private equity firms to pay big prices for company that haven't already been gobbled up by strategic buyers. To sum up, in my opinion, the markets are priced for perfection, and they have been that way for quite some time, complacency reign supreme. However, my experience has shown me that this state of affairs won't go on indefinitely. So why am I sharing these thoughts with you? Because I know that some of you have wondered why we brought back relatively few Loews shares in 2016 or why Loews hasn't made an acquisition. In terms of the first question, looking back over 2016 with a benefit of 2020 hindsight, I wish we had repurchased more stock in the first half of the year, when Loews shares were trading at lower prices, and when the S&P was 20% lower than recent levels. As the equity market climbed to record heights during the second half of 2016, Loews' common stock moved along with it and we became cautious. And we are more comfortable buying shares back when the market is at its lows rather than when it's hitting new highs. While we remain positive on our shares and see real potential for our subsidiaries, we also know that Loews' stock price is positively correlated to the overall equity markets. Unlike many other companies, we don't have set quotas for share purchases in a given year. We use our judgment to buyback our stock at the lowest price possible. Sometimes we look like heroes, like when we bought 9% of our stock in 2015. And there are other times, having not purchased shares may make us look like we are asleep at the switch, but I promise you, we are not. Over the span of time measured in years and decades, we're proud of our record and we feel that our share repurchases have created significant value for our shareholders. As for the second question about adding another leg to the stool, we continue to kick tires looking for the right company at the right price. One of our shareholders recently asked, if my foot is getting sore and I have to admit it is. Valuations in the merger markets have made our acquisition search difficult and frustrating. We always try to invest only when all the pieces of a transaction from valuation to potential cash flow to future industry dynamics add up to a solid idea. And while I won't comment in detail, last year, we did get pretty far down the road towards making an acquisition. In the end, however, the pieces did not all fit together the way we'd hoped they would. It's a tough market in which to be a disciplined buyer. I assure you that we remain committed to our longstanding philosophy of creating value for all shareholders through prudent capital allocation. Sometimes we accomplish this through share repurchases, sometimes by acquiring a new business, sometimes through an investment in one of our existing subsidiaries, or sometimes we choose to take the action of taking no action. Our liquidity gives us tremendous strategic and financial flexibility. We will never stop using our best judgment to balance risk and reward to build value for all our shareholders. And we are confident that despite today's market exuberance, we will find opportunities in the future that benefit us all. Now, over to our CFO, David Edelson.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the fourth quarter, Loews reported net income of $268 million or $0.79 per share, up meaningfully from a net loss of $201 million or $0.58 per share in last year's fourth quarter. CNA was the major contributor to our net income this quarter, accounting for just over 80% of the total. Let me start by identifying the key drivers of our quarterly year-over-year earnings improvement, after which I will briefly touch on our full year results. Pages 12 and 13 of our earnings supplement set forth the key drivers for both periods. The supplement is available via webcast and is also posted to the Loews' IR website. Our results in the fourth quarter of 2015 were depressed by two unusual items, totaling $359 million. The $177 million charge related to the unlocking of CNA's long-term care active life reserves and the $182 million rig impairment charge at Diamond. Excluding these items, CNA's contribution to our Q4 net income rose $110 million year-over-year. Four main items drove this quarterly increase, the first three of which related to CNA. First, CNA's Life & Group business, which contributed a loss of $40 million in Q4 2015, excluding the reserve charge, contributed $18 million to our net income in Q4 2016, creating a $58 million year-over-year variance. As discussed on prior calls, the unlocking of CNA's long-term care active life reserves at year end 2015 serves to favorably impact subsequent Life & Group operating results. By resetting these reserves based on management's best estimates, long-term care should on average generate breakeven results, if actual experience is in line with those estimates. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2016, CNA released long-term care claims reserves, which drove the positive contribution. Even without the claims reserve release, however, the Life & Group segment essentially broke even versus last year's loss. Second, net investment income generated by CNA's P&C and corporate segments accounted for $36 million of the positive year-over-year variance. Higher returns on LP investments were a big driver as was the negative impact on Q4 2015 NII of a change in accounting estimate adopted to better reflect the yield on fixed maturity securities that have call provisions. Third, CNA posted realized investment gains this year versus realized losses in last year's fourth quarter. This swing amounted to $39 million year-over-year. Realized investment results in both years stemmed mostly from normal portfolio actions and other than temporary impairments taken to maintain flexibility. And fourth, Loews parent company net investment company was up $13 million after-tax year-over-year. The increase was largely from alternative investments, offset impart by gold-related equities. The main downdraft in the quarter was Diamond Offshore, as the difficult conditions in the offshore drilling space showed no signs of abating. Diamond's contribution to our Q4 net income, excluding last year's rig impairments declined from $60 million in Q4 2015 to $36 million in Q4 2016. This $24 million negative swing was largely attributable to the 29% revenue decline at Diamond, caused by fewer rig operating and thus fewer revenue earning days, offset partially by a contract dispute settlement with a client. Both Boardwalk and Loews Hotels had strong quarters. Boardwalk experienced a 9% increase in net revenues, that translated into robust profit growth. And at Loews Hotels income was up as most properties experienced year-over-year profit growth and the effect of tax rate declined. Let me now turn to a brief review of the drivers of our full year results. For the full year, Loews reported net income of $632 million or $1.87 per share, up from $260 million or $0.72 per share in the prior year. Again, CNA was the major contributor to our full year net income. The same two unusual items that impacted the quarterly comparison also affected the full year. The long-term care reserve charge booked in Q4 2015 reduced our 2015 net income by a $177 million, and rig impairment charges of Diamond reduced our net income in 2015 by $341 million and by $267 million in 2016. Absent the long-term care reserve charge and rig impairments, our net income increased by $121 million year-over-year. As in Q4, the main positive drivers of this increase were CNA and parent company investment income, with Diamond Offshore being the main counterbalance. CNA benefited from higher earnings in its Life & Group segment, given the positive impact on 2016 earnings of the long-term care reserve unlocking at year end 2015. CNA also benefited from increases in favorable prior-year development, net investment income and realized investment gains. A modest decline in accident year underwriting income partially offset these positives. Parent company net investment income was up substantially year-over-year. Gold-related equities drove the increase with fixed income, alternatives and other equities, also contributing nicely. On the other side of the ledger, Diamond's contribution to our net income absent the impairment charges declined from 2015 to 2016. The deterioration in the offshore drilling market led to fewer working rigs, fewer revenue earning days, and a 35% year-over-year decline in contract drilling revenues. Loews continue to maintain an extremely strong and liquid balance sheet. At year-end, the parent company portfolio totaled $5 billion, broken down as follows; 62% cash and short-term investments, 12% fixed maturities, 17% limited partnership investments and 9% marketable equity securities. And as you know, we maintain a large and liquid portfolio of cash and investments for two principal reasons; to enable us to take advantage of opportunities when they present themselves and to help mitigate risk during uncertain times. During the fourth quarter, we received $74 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $61 million from CNA and $13 million from Boardwalk. For the full year, we received total dividends of $780 million from CNA and Boardwalk, with CNA contributing $726 million of that total. Today CNA declared a $2 per share special dividend in addition to its regular $0.25 quarterly dividend. Combining the two, Loews will receive $546 million in dividends from CNA this quarter. Our share repurchase activity in the fourth quarter was modest at 456,000 shares. During all of 2016, we repurchased 3.4 million shares of Loews or about 1% of our outstanding at an average price of just under $39 per share. Year-over-year, average shares outstanding were down 2.7% in the quarter and 6.7% for the full year. I will now hand the call back to Jim.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions, I want to take a moment to talk about the leadership that we have in place in each of our subsidiaries. Dino Robusto joined CNA in November of 2016 as its CEO. While we have already seen in this short period of time is his strategic thinking, his operational expertise, and his tremendous drive. He has really energized the employees, brokers and agents of CNA. Marc Edwards and team at Diamond Offshore are in a tough market that it has only gotten tougher. Marc has been doing a phenomenal job in leading Diamond through this turbulent period and certainly deserves combat pay. Stan Horton, at Boardwalk is one of the most respected CEO's in the natural gas transportation space. Under his leadership, Boardwalk has continued to strengthen its balance sheet, while strategically building out the company's transportation system and advantageously utilizing its existing assets. And last but certainly not least, Jon Tisch at Loews Hotels is a star in the hotel industry, and he's leading one of the industry's premier brands into its next phase of growth. I want to thank each of our CEOs for the many contributions they are making to Loews and to its shareholders. Now, back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim. Lorie, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now opened for questions. Your first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel of Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning. Jim, you've been a longtime advocate of sort of slow growth economic scenario. And I'm wondering President Trump election happened after the last quarter conference call, does his ascendancy to the Presidency change your view of what GDP growth is and impact at all how you think about investing? I understand, you think the market's ahead of itself, expensive, et cetera, but does it change your economic outlook at all?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I think it's too early to tell. Well, we've seen from some of his statements and some of the executive orders is a push towards reducing cumbersome rules and regulations. And I think that is positive. But what we're really going to have to wait to see is what happens with the major economic legislation that comes before Congress. There's only so much that a President can do and then there's a lot that Congress can do. So we've got to wait and see what happens to fiscal spending. We've got to wait and see what happens to taxation. We've got to wait and see what happens to healthcare and a whole bunch of other legislation. So I would say that I am hopeful, but I think also it's too early to tell. One number that I calculated recently is really, really extraordinary. And that is that, as you know, for the past six, seven years, we've grown at about 2% a year and we have a $20 trillion economy in the United States. The difference between growing at 2% a year and 4% a year in terms of the cumulative additional GDP from 4% versus 2% is $25 trillion. That means that if you grow at 2% rather than 4%, in 10 years, you get the equivalent of 1.25 additional years of GDP. So that's just an indication of how important and how beneficial pro-growth policies will be in the United States. I believe that for the past six or seven years, the malaise that we've seen in the U.S. psyche was due to the fact that we had anemic growth, and I think that stronger growth can make a very significant difference. Now, we'll see if the man in Office and the Republicans in the House and Senate can help create the environment where business can achieve that.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: So that's a glimmer in daylight of hope that I haven't heard from you in a long time. But bottom-line, what you're saying is nothing to change, investments, capital management, views on valuation, investing, et cetera stay the course on what you've been doing.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: That's exactly right. As I said in my prepared remarks, there are a lot of unknowns at this point in time. And listen, in the markets you pay a lot for certainty, so you've got to make some bets, but I think there's also a lot of room for uncertainty here.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Last question, I know you give out information grudgingly, and I appreciate the disclosure on buyback and your financial disclosures, which I think have been upgraded a lot. I think I remember you saying that you did not want another leg in the energy field, previously that your energy appetite was full. Is that still where you're going? Is there any general area where you might be fishing just services, U.S. domestic versus international, what pond are you...
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Certainly, U.S. based, preferably with a significant portion of the business in the United States, we're looking to write an equity check of somewhere between say $500 million and $1.5 billion. We're looking either truly down and out businesses, but there aren't so many of them today that we're not already invested in. And then the other thing we're looking at is businesses that don't have to worry too much about technological disruption, businesses where hopefully there is opportunity to make additional investments within the industry to grow the business, they don't have to be in any way sexy, they don't have to be high growth, but we're looking for some level of stability.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: That's actually a very good roadmap for me and the investment banking world to help service you. Thank you.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Good morning, everyone.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Good morning.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. First question, we see another special dividend from CNA. In terms of board level discussions, how important is the special dividend to the way the business is being run at the board level?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: The board level at CNA or the board level at Loews?
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So I mean, there are some joint people on both boards, so there might be a relationship between those two questions.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: But, are you asking how important is the special dividend for CNA or how important...
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well, you said the largest owner of CNA is Loews...
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I'm aware of that.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And the extent to which that that informs a decision to give a special versus other capital management ideas  I think that go back about 18 months ago, you said this is a 10% dividend yielding company. Well, it's only a 10% dividend yielding company if that dividend is in perpetuity.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Yeah.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And so, how  I'm trying to find the board leave discussions about thing, can I intellectually believe that both of these boards look at that dividend in perpetuity?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, from the Loews' board perspective, Loews is receiving the dividend. And so, our board of directors very much likes receiving that cash. From the CNA perspective, the board has determined that based on its business today, based on its capital structure, based on its credit ratings and a whole lot of other issues that it is capable of paying the special dividend and maintaining its strength. The board at CNA has determined that paying that cash out rather than holding it is in the best interest of the shareholders that at this point in time CNA doesn't have the need for that excess cash and capital. Now, can I say that that will remain the case permanently? I have no idea. It all depends upon what happens in the world over the next several years. Economically, it depends on what happens to CNA's earnings. It depends upon what happens to other opportunities that CNA may see for itself. All I know is that this year, the board was very happy to declare that dividend, and that no promises are made with respect to the special dividend for next year.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And now, that actually is very clarifying. Thank you. Another President Trump related question, but probably from a different angle. I look at Loews' Hotels...
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: You know, until you said Trump, I don't think we were going to get picked up in those words or just for having a conference call to discuss the new President.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well, believe me this thing will be discussed in a way that no other conference calls may ask question about the President I assume. It's about the Trump hotel chain as a competitor to the Loews' Hotel chain.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Okay.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And as you try and grow is  from what I have read in the press that the Trump hotel chain is looking to grow right now, but it seems  so there is some complementary strategies between those two hotels in looking for properties in the market. Is that true? And does that  will it be more difficult for you to find new hotels if you have a small luxury competitor also looking to grow in the same cities you're looking to grow in?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: It's a really, really big world out there, and I would say that to-date, I don't know that we have ever come across or felt we were competing with the Trump hotel brand, and as we look for properties, as we develop properties, we run in for all source of competition, but the Trump brand is not one that we see often.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And, in terms of appetite that you have right now for new properties. If we're looking at a two year plan, how much larger should Loews Hotels be at the end of 2018 than it is at the end of 2016 do you think?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Well, so there are two pieces to Loews Hotels. There is our partnership with Universal in Orlando and that partnership is experiencing very significant growth. If you look what's happened over the past 15 years, we've gone from zero rooms to 4,000 rooms, 5,000 rooms or 6,000 rooms. And in fact, 1,000 room hotel just opened up in Orlando. It's owned by that partnership, opened up in Orlando last year. And the year before that a 1,200 room or 1,800 room hotel opened up. So in Orlando, there's very significant growth. And that's driven because the demand driver is right there, it's the theme park, and whereas Disney has tens of thousands of hotel rooms. So far the number of Universal Loews rooms, which are on the Universal campus, is measured at 5,000 rooms or 6,000 rooms. So, as I said, there's room for growth in Orlando. In the rest of the country where we don't have such a large demand driver, then the growth has been and probably will continue to be slower. There we're looking to acquire or develop hotels that are either associated with the demand driver or that have economics of the individual and group business that will give us an attractive return on our investment. So they're two very different parts of the business and together they make up the whole.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: One further question on natural gas. Does the seeming desire of some politicians to rescue the coal industry change the gas outlook?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I don't think it changes it very much. When I think of natural gas and natural gas demand, the real demand driver in my mind is exports of natural gas, which in the course of the next three or four or five years will go from zero LNG to 10 billion cubic feet a day of natural gas for LNG. Combined with that, there's Mexican demand, which I think has been increasing demand from the United States. Exports to Mexico have increased about 1 billion cubic feet a year for the past several years and it looks like that's set to continue increasing. That's all on a base of U.S. production of about 71 billion cubic feet per day. So that it's easy to see  with or without any changes in coal electricity production, it's easy to see that in five years or six years from now, instead of U.S. production being 71 billion cubic feet a day, it could be 80-plus billion cubic feet per day. And the thing I know about that 80 billion cubic feet of natural gas, it's all going to have to move in a natural gas pipeline. And Boardwalk is working very hard in making its strategic plans so that it can capture as much of that natural gas as possible.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's a very thorough analysis of it. Thank you very much and good luck.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now return the call to Mary Skafidas.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Lorie. We do have a question from one of our shareholders. The question is, it appears that there's considerable room for improvement when it comes to Loews' corporate overhead. The drag on profitability is in excess of $100 million, since most of the assets are publicly traded and have their own overhead, it can be argued that these expenses relate largely to oversight of the non-publicly traded assets. Even if you want to include the subsidiaries, the expense load is significant. Please provide us with some color regarding why the corporate expense level is high and what you are doing to lower this expense base. And again just to remind our callers, we will not be identifying questioners as per their request.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So look we focus a lot on our corporate expenses. I don't think they're exorbitant by any stretch of the imagination. $20 million of the expense relates to RSUs, restricted stock units. We also have the expense of the executives which is fully disclosed in the proxy statement. And again there, I think that if you look at comparable businesses, you'll see that personnel expense, I would think is a bargain. We have an investment department of 30-plus professionals that manages a $50 billion of assets. We have interest on debt. I can tell you that that from my perspective, that expenses are not out of line. I have an expression that goes, sounds good when you say it fast. And when you say it fast, yeah all Loews does is, collect dividends from its subsidiaries and watch over them a bit. But in fact, there is an awful a lot more that's going on. There is a compliance. There is investments. There is monitoring. There is the proverbial, kicking those tires of looking for new businesses. And I'd say before you have a chance to look up, it adds up to a relatively  or what may seem like a large amount of money, but those expenses do get very close scrutiny and we're constantly looking to minimize them.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: And the problem with asking a question by email is you don't get to follow-up.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim. Lorie, that's all the questions we have at this time. We'd like to thank everyone for their continued interest. A replay of this call will be available in about four hours. I'd like to hand the call over back to you to close it.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's fourth quarter and year-end review conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp. James S. Tisch - Loews Corp. David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Loews Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now turn the conference over to Mary Skafidas. You may begin your call.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Paula, and good morning, everyone. And welcome to Loews Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings supplement and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session, which will include a selection of questions submitted via email by our shareholders. The shareholders, who would like to submit a question for consideration, please email me at mskafidas@loews.com. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those made or implied of any forward-looking statements, due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings and earnings supplement for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. In a few minutes, our CFO, David Edelson will walk you through the key drivers for the quarter, as well as the quarterly progress of each of our subsidiaries in detail. But before he does, Jim Tisch, our CEO will kick-off the call. Jim, over to you.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. The contrasting fortunes of CNA and Diamond Offshore are the proverbial corporate tale of two cities. Well, not exactly, but almost. While it may be the worst of times for Diamond and the offshore drilling industry, for CNA, we hope and expect to see even more improvement from its already stellar performance. Let's focus on the positive first and take a look at CNA and the commercial property/casualty insurance market. CNA has come a long way since 2009 when Tom Motamed first took over as its CEO. Today, CNA is a consistently profitable insurance carrier, with strong operating results and an intense focus on underwriting fundamentals. As previously announced, Tom will be retiring next month. And today marks his last CNA quarterly conference call, on which I made a surprise cameo appearance to sing his praises. I don't want to say that Tom took CNA from worst to first, but there certainly have been a vast improvement on his watch. And I think it's abundantly clear that this improvement is due to the herculean efforts of Tom and his team. While, I could spend the entire call listing all of Tom's accomplishments, let's focus on just a few key highlights. During his tenure, Tom has strengthened CNA's branch network, enhanced CNA's competitive position, dramatically upgraded CNA's talent, tremendously improved the commercial lines business, maintained specialty lines preeminent market standing, mitigated operational and financial risks, significantly fortified CNA's balance sheet. And oh yes  paid out about $2.5 billion of dividends in the past five years. Tom would be the first one to point out that there is still work to be done. However, the indisputable fact remains that Tom leaves CNA at a time when its capital competitive position and its brand have never been stronger. I want to thank Tom for his many contributions and wish him continued success as he moves on to the next chapter in his life. And the good news for CNA continues, with the arrival of Dino Robusto as the company's new CEO next month. Dino will take the helm on November 21, when his garden leave officially comes to an end. I'm confident that I speak for the rest of the CNA board when I say how much we look forward to working with Dino. The CNA which Dino inherits is poised for continued improvement and further value creation. And we fully believe that Dino and the CNA team will fulfill that potential. Alas, all of life cannot be light and happiness. And with that in mind, let's move on to Diamond Offshore and the offshore drilling industry, where they are experiencing the aforementioned worst of times. It's clear that this industry is facing one of the sharpest downturns in its history with canceled contracts, below operating cost day rates and customers seemingly unwilling to take advantage of these discounts. Despite the pain, Diamond Offshore's CEO Marc Edwards and his team continue to navigate these troubled waters with tireless focus, skill and determination. Just in the past few weeks, Marc has been in Singapore, Australia, Dubai, Rio de Janeiro and France, not to mention New York and Houston, all in the quest of maintaining and generating business for Diamond Offshore. And while the offshore drilling industry continues to operate in a depressed environment, the price of oil, the commodity to which the offshore drilling industry is most closely tied, seems to have begun its recovery. At the beginning of this year, oil dropped to about $27 a barrel, a new low in recent history. Two weeks ago, oil was nearly double that price at almost $52 a barrel and while oil prices may have partially recovered, day rates for offshore drilling rigs certainly have not. I'm hopeful that within the next several quarters, we'll start to see an uptick in inquiries for offshore drilling rigs, a necessary precursor to improved day rates in the future. While there are still many unknowns with regard to the oil and energy markets today, we have no doubt that Diamond Offshore will withstand this tough cyclical downturn. Diamond's innovative strategies along with its financial strength, conservative capital management and stellar management team should enable the company to emerge from this turbulent market cycle, stronger and more resilient than ever. Before I turn the call over to David Edelson, I wanted to mention that Jon Tisch has resumed the duties of CEO of Loews Hotels. Many of you may know that Kirk Kinsell has decided to leave the company. Loews Hotels is in strong shape and the Loews Hotels team looks forward to building on the strong base already in place. The company is in great hands with Jon, who has been shepherding the expansion and strategic direction of Loews Hotels for the past 30 years. And now, over to David.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For the third quarter, Loews reported net income of $327 million or $0.97 per share, as compared to net income of $182 million or $0.50 per share in last year's third quarter. The year-over-year increase in our third quarter earnings came almost entirely from higher contributions from CNA Financial and from the parent company investment portfolio. Let me start by walking through the key drivers of our year-over-year quarterly improvement. For your information, these key drivers are set forth on page 12 of our Q3 2015 earnings supplement, which can be found on loews.com. The first key driver was net investment income, both at the parent company and at CNA. The parent company portfolio generated a pre-tax gain of $36 million in Q3 2016 versus a pre-tax loss of $35 million last year. The gain was driven by alternative investments and gold-related equities while last year's loss was primarily caused by equities including gold-related equities and alternatives. The $71 million pre-tax improvement accounted for a $46 million after-tax improvement year-over-year. At CNA, the year-over-year swing in net investment income of $170 million pre-tax was driven by LP investments, which swung from a $93 million pre-tax loss in Q3 2015 to a $65 million gain this past quarter. This $158 million pre-tax swing resulted in a $92 million increase in net income at the Loews level. The second key driver was the meaningful improvement in CNA's Life & Group segment, which swung from a $30 million after-tax loss in last year's third quarter to net operating income of $6 million this year. This $36 million year-over-year improvement was mostly attributable to the long-term care reserve unlocking at year-end 2015 that reset the underlying actuarial assumptions on the long-term care reserves. The turnaround in CNA's Life & Group segment accounted for a $32 million increase in net income at the Loews' level. The third key driver was realized investment gains and losses at CNA. CNA posted pre-tax realized gains of $46 million in Q3 2016 versus realized losses of $49 million in last year's third quarter. This $95 million pre-tax improvement accounted for $56 million of the year-over-year increase in Loews' third quarter net income. The fourth and fifth key drivers partially offset the first three positives. CNA's P&C underwriting income was down year-over-year as CNA's combined ratio rose from 85.7% in Q3 2015 to 90.4% this past quarter. Let me pause and simply note that both of these combined ratios are extremely strong and result in substantial underwriting income. As a reminder, underwriting income reflects earned premium, less the sum of losses, loss adjustment expenses and acquisition and underwriting expenses. While CNA's accident year loss ratio, including cat losses, was a solid 62.8% in both periods, the company booked 11 points of favorable prior year development last year against eight points this year. Also, CNA incurred higher expenses attributable to both ongoing and non-recurring costs. The combination of less favorable development and higher expenses caused CNA's P&C underwriting income to decline $73 million pre-tax year-over-year, accounting for a $43 million decline in net income at the Loews' level. The last key driver was the substantial year-over-year fall-off in Diamond's operating results. With fewer working rigs and elevated unscheduled downtime, Diamond's contract drilling revenue declined 43% year-over-year and its net income dropped to $14 million from $136 million in last year's third quarter. At the Loews' level, Diamond's contribution to our net income fell $40 million from $47 million in Q3 2015 to $7 million this past quarter. These five drivers, net investment income, CNA's Life & Group segment, realized investment results at CNA, CNA's P&C underwriting income, and Diamond's operating results, netted to a positive $143 million after-tax, essentially accounting for the $145 million year-over-year increase in Loews' third quarter net income. Let me now briskly walk through our earnings by business segment. CNA contributed $308 million to our net income in Q3 2016, $281 million of net operating income and $27 million of realized investment gains. This compares to $161 million in the third quarter of 2015, net operating income of $190 million and $29 million of realized investment losses. As I've already mentioned, the key drivers of the net operating income improvement were net investment income, specifically returns on LP investments, and improved results in the Life & Group segment, partially offset by the decline in P&C underwriting income. Before leaving CNA, I must highlight CNA's progress in generating underwriting profit. CNA posted a 90.4 combined ratio in the third quarter and 94.6 year-to-date. All three P&C businesses, specialty, commercial and international, posted sub-100 combined ratios in the quarter. As Jim noted, under Tom's leadership, CNA has made tremendous strides. Onto Diamond, Diamond contributed $7 million to our net income in Q3 2016, down from $47 million last year. Diamond itself posted net income of $14 million versus $136 million in Q3 2015. Let me remind you that in last year's third quarter, we wrote up $20 million of goodwill associated with our carrying value of Diamond. Without this goodwill charge, Diamond's contribution to our Q3 2015 net income would have been $67 million. We have discussed the difficult conditions in the offshore drilling market previously, and Jim just mentioned them. And these conditions showed no signs of abating in the third quarter. Contract drilling revenues in Q3 were down 43% on a 44% decline in revenue earning days. The bulk of the revenue decline was attributable to pure rigs working this year versus last year. Additionally, the company experienced unscheduled downtime due to unanticipated customer and operational issues. I would note that Diamond continues to be the highest rated company in the offshore drilling space. The company's liquidity position is solid with $1.3 billion available today under its $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, no debt maturities until 2019 and no capital expenditure commitments for undelivered rates. Turning to Boardwalk. The company posted a strong third quarter as net revenues were up 6% year-over-year, EBITDA was up 9% and net income was up 23%. The main drivers of Boardwalk's strong revenue quarter, which flow through to EBITDA and net income, were favorable natural gas transportation, primarily from growth projects and improved revenues from parking and lending and storage. Please note that a reconciliation of Boardwalk's EBITDA to its net income can be found in its Q3 earnings release. Despite Boardwalk's strong quarter, you can see that its contribution to our net income declined by $4 million year-over-year. The reason is that in last year's third quarter, Loews benefited from a $6 million after-tax franchise tax refund related to Boardwalk. Excluding this non-recurring item at the Loews' level, Boardwalk's net income contribution was up $2 million from the prior year. As you know, Boardwalk is undertaking various growth projects to position it for the future. The company recently placed into service four projects that represent approximately $320 million in CapEx. An additional $1.2 billion of projects are underway and expected to be placed into service between now and 2018. We are pleased that the four projects placed in service in 2016 came in approximately 9% below budget, reflecting management's keen focus on project execution. Finally, S&P recently raised the issue level ratings on Boardwalk's unsecured debt, including its revolving credit facility from BB+ to BBB-. This means that all of Boardwalk's senior debt now carries investment grade ratings from each of the major rating agencies. Let me now touch on Loews Hotels, which contributed net income of $3 million, up from $2 million in the third quarter of 2015. The company's adjusted EBITDA in Q3 was $37 million, up from $30 million in Q3 2015. A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income can be found in our Q3 2016 earnings supplement. Contributing to the increase in adjusted EBITDA were improved results across the chain, including the Loews Regency New York and the Orlando properties, offset somewhat by muted results at the Loews Miami Beach Hotel, which is under renovation. Third quarter results were also negatively impacted by pre-opening expenses related to the new 1,000-room Loews Sapphire Falls in Orlando, which opened in July. Turning to the parent company. As previously mentioned, the parent company investment portfolio generated after-tax income of $24 million compared with a loss of $22 million in the prior year quarter. At quarter end, the parent company portfolio totaled $5 billion, broken down as follows: just over 60% in cash and short-term investments, 17% in limited partnership investments, another 9% in marketable equity securities and the bulk of the remainder in fixed maturities. We maintain a large and liquid portfolio of cash and investments for two mutually reinforcing reasons, to enable us to take advantage of opportunities when they present themselves and to help mitigate risk during tough times. Capital deployment opportunities can take such forms as acquiring new businesses, helping our subsidiaries pursue their strategies and repurchasing our shares. Our liquidity combined with a relatively low-level of parent company debt and the extended maturity schedule of that debt give us valuable optionality and protection. During the third quarter, we've received $74 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $61 million from CNA and $13 million for Boardwalk. Year-to-date, we have received total dividends of $706 million combined from CNA and Boardwalk. Our share repurchase activity since last quarter has been modest. We repurchased 440,000 shares from July 1 through this first Friday, spending approximately $17 million. Year-to-date, we have spent approximately $115 million in repurchasing 3 million shares. Average shares outstanding were 338 million in the third quarter, down 6.5% from 361 million in Q3 2015. And with that, I'll now hand the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, David. Paula, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: The floor is now open for your questions. Your first question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning, Loews team. Quick question on Hotels. Is there a search on place for a permanent CEO, or is Jon going to be approved?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, Jon is currently the CEO, and we're very happy with the way it's running like that. So, that's where it is.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Your year-to-date share repurchase of 3 million shares, I went back to 2007, that's the least active you've been through nine months for at least that long, if not longer. I'm curious, you mentioned  I think, David mentioned in the press release, acquisitions are a possibility. Years back, you said that the acquisitions were expensive and not that interesting, although you're kicking a lot of tires all the time. Wondering if you could sort of  where are we in your desire or need or opportunity to do a deal?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: We are completely unchanged in terms of our desire or need to do a deal. We kicked  as I've said previously, we kicked lots of tires. We look at lots of things. We do due diligence and explore different options. But to-date, we haven't found anything in the past few years that fully makes sense for us at a price that also makes sense for us. But in terms of desire or need, that's not a factor in our looking at businesses, nor in setting prices for them. The sole thing that we think about when evaluating different opportunities is whether we believe it will create a good value over the intermediate-term to long-term for those shareholders. And on that score, I admit we've been wholly unsuccessful in executing a transaction, but you can be sure that we put 100% of our effort into looking for that transaction.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Am I over analyzing, Jimmy, by just connecting the dots of no share repurchase and I thought David mentioning acquisitions in his text for the first time in a while. When you put those two dots, connect those two dots, the chance that you're looking at a deal certainly seems to be a possibility for explaining it.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Over the years, I would say that trying to evaluate what we're thinking in terms of share repurchases by looking at what we've done is akin to looking at the entrails or the tea leaves. It's just there is no one factor that can fully describe or explain why does we buy or don't buy  repurchase our shares. When we think about share repurchases, there are an enormous number of factors that go into the equation: there's the price of Loews, there's the price of our subsidiaries, the value that we ascribe to our non-public businesses. There are times when even if we want to buy in the shares for one reason or another we're not allowed to repurchase the shares. There is what's going on in the wider market, both the market for interest rates and the market for shares. And there's not just what's going on today but our outlook for the future. So, we put all of these factors and more into our own special computer, which is collectively the brains of a few people around here, and we discuss it and decide what to do with respect to share repurchases. Like acquisitions, the one factor that drives us in determining whether to repurchase shares or not is our assessment of how it will contribute to the intermediate-term to long-term value for the remaining Loews' shareholders. So, it's all a long way of saying that we look at lots and lots of factors in determining whether to purchase shares. And as I'd like to say, we have a long and glorious history of share repurchases where we have, I think, 80% of the shares outstanding  sorry, 20%  30% of the shares outstanding today that we had in the 1970s. And just since 2007, we've purchased 40% of the shares outstanding in 2007. So, my advice, try not to make too much of what we do one quarter or one year, look at the long-term picture because that's what we're looking at as well.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Your answer hasn't changed too much over the last quarter century. Thank you.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Dank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thank you. I've more hard questions about acquisitions and whatnot. Is there an overarching philosophy  Buffet says that he wants to be the buyer of choice for things and never sell anything. So when you think about Diamond, whether  when shares were at $100, do you have the rightsize holding in Diamond? Now that shares are at $20, do you have the rightsize holding? I mean, you could buy the whole thing, and you'd still have less of a stake in the overall Loews' empire than it was back when the stock was more pricy. How should we think of what the right amount of Diamond or any other stock for that matter that Loews should be owning?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, we're very happy with our ownership in Diamond. A fun fact is that from 2006 to today, Diamond has paid more than twice the current share price of Diamond in dividends. So, we and all other Diamond shareholders, since 2006, have gotten over $40 in dividends from Diamond. I'm pleased to say that, notwithstanding those dividends, Diamond is still in very good, very strong financial shape. In terms of our desire to acquire more Diamond shares, I don't want to comment on it, because we'll let our actions speak for themselves. But I can just tell you that we are very pleased with our current level of holdings in Diamond Offshore. And there's no doubt in my mind that when as and if the offshore drilling market improves and shares of Diamond follow that that Loews' shareholders will be beneficiaries of it.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, putting it another way, is there correct amount of Loews capital that should be exposed to the energy sector, and are you below that? Or was there ever a thought that at a certain point maybe in retrospect you realize that at peak pricing maybe the capital was overexposed, but how does that calculus go into your thinking of the rightsize the holding?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, we don't feel a need to be invested in energy. We happen to have significant investments in energy as denoted by our shares of Diamond and our shares of Boardwalk. And we are very happy with those investments. We think that they will return very good returns for our shareholders over the coming years. But like I said, we don't feel that we have to be in energy per se or that we have to add to our investments in energy.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: But for an investment you already have at the right price, you would not be against it?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Say again?
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: At the right price, you wouldn't be against owning more of something you already have that you know very well?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: That's not what I said. I'm saying that we're very comfortable with what we own now, and I'm not stating whether or not we want to own more now or in the future.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, all right. I'll let it rest. In the non-controlling parts of the investment portfolio, what are the benchmarks that you're using to determine whether or not you're being successful in bond investing and whatnot? Is there  and then, do you think that you've done a good job and how do you measure it?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, are you referring primarily to the CNA investment portfolio or without...?
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, that would be CNA and the $5 billion or so of change you have over at Loews?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, we're constantly comparing both those portfolios to different indices of performance. At CNA, I would say there is less latitude for significant outperformance because we have very strict benchmarks of the amount of equity like and equity-like investments that we can have at CNA. So most of the portfolio is investment grade. And also, we have important guidelines for duration for the different portfolios within CNA. So that when we measure the performance of CNA versus the benchmarks that we use to measure the performance, outperformance could mean a 100 basis points of outperformance. So, the numbers aren't  the numbers are  in terms of outperformance aren't that significant. With respect to our non-investment grade investments and our equity investments at Loews and at CNA, we use all manner of different indices. We look at hedge fund returns, industry hedge fund returns. We look at high yield bond returns. We look at equity returns. And overall I would say that we are very pleased with the returns that we've had in all our portfolios. Yes, from time to time, we see underperformance in one portfolio or another, but like I said, overall we're very pleased with where we are.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And then, coming back to Bob's question. Is there any time that you didn't necessarily have a large acquisition in mind but you preferred to make investment in the non-controlling area of Loews rather than use the cash to buy back stock?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Wait, repeat that again.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is there a period of time when you're not looking to take a controlling stake in the business but you do find something out there in the market that's attractive from a non-controlling perspective that would keep you from buying your own shares?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: That generally doesn't happen.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: My pleasure.
Operator: At this time, there are no further audio questions. I will turn the floor back over to Mary for any pre-submitted questions.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Great. Thank you, Paula. We do have a few questions from our shareholders. The first one has to do with capital allocation. Jim, when allocating capital, how do you think about share repurchases versus other investments?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, I guess, I think I already answered the question vis--vis our share repurchases. Let me just talk about how we think about buying businesses for Loews. And a benchmark that we use is, whether an acquisition would be accretive in terms of value over the intermediate to long-term for all our shareholders. As I've said before and I'll say it again, there are things we do look at and other things that we don't look at. The things we don't look at are things where a bad CEO in the course of a year or two could cause tremendous damage to a business. So, we tend not to look at retailing businesses, we tend not to look at businesses where a technological disruption could be an important factor. We tend not to look at technology businesses, where if you miss one relatively quick cycle in terms of the technology, you could be out of business. So we're looking for businesses that we believe can stand the test of time and be with us for a long time to create value. We're also generally looking for businesses that are based here in the United States. They could have international operations, but we'd like them to be based here in the U.S. And, as I said before, we've kicked an awful lot of tires. We've gone down the path pretty far with a number of businesses. But, in recent history, we haven't been able to close anything. When we think about buying businesses versus share repurchases, that's an important comparison that we make. We think about what is the future for Loews with the business and what would be the future of Loews without the business. And we think whether  we think how compelling it is to repurchase shares at any point in time versus the value that we can get in buying a business that we don't already control. And we're also  think very carefully about what we don't know concerning any business that we might buy. And we compare that to what we do know about our own businesses that we own and control with respect to share repurchases. There's no given formula that we use in assessing repurchases  purchases of businesses, just as there's no formula that we use in assessing whether to repurchase shares. But I would say that what we're doing is generally what any other portfolio manager does when they think about adding new securities to their portfolio. That's how I was trained. That's how a lot of people here were trained. And that's how we think about buying new businesses, repurchasing our own shares or investing in any of our individual businesses.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim. That was very helpful. The next question has to do with CNA. Even though CNA had another strong quarter, it's still trading at such a discount to its book value per share. What do you think accounts for that discount?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I think there are a number of things that accounts for the discount to book value per share. First of all, CNA stock  CNA shares have moved up rather significantly, almost 20%, in the past few months or quarters. And I ascribe that to the fact that people are starting to recognize that CNA is a changed company, that it's got underwriting discipline, all the things that I spoke about with respect to my comments about Tom and CNA. Additionally, I think, a very important factor is that people are starting to see that the dividend that CNA has paid out, which is for the past two years at least have totaled $3 a share, makes it that at $30 a share. CNA was trading at a 10% yield, which is just too high a yield to be passed off. So I think that the 20% improvement over the past several quarters has been a recognition of those factors. I think a problem for people investing in CNA is that there is not significant liquidity. Loews owns 90% of CNA. We don't worry about the price from day-to-day, week-to-week or month-to-month. But the assuming lack of liquidity, I think, has kept a number of large purchasers from CNA. I think the other reason is that some people might be concerned about the long-term care book of business. I would say that we, at Loews, are very comfortable with it, but there's no doubt that some investors may be scared off a bit by it. The thing that  the thing that I would say is that the long-term care book of business at CNA is being very aggressively managed in terms of the attention that it is get  the management attention that it is getting and the focus on the part of senior management. I think all that and who knows what other factors may be out there that are affecting the overall valuation of CNA.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Great. Wonderful. Thank you, Jim.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim and David. That's all the time we have for today. And thank you all, always for your continued interest in Loews. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes Loews' call for today.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp. James S. Tisch - Loews Corp. David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.
Analysts: Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Loews Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now turn the conference over to Ms. Mary Skafidas. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Kristal, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings snapshot, and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements, due to wide range of risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in our SEC filings. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. We're going to change the format of this call slightly today just to mix things up a bit. Our CFO, David Edelson, will start by walking you through Loews' second quarter results, and then I'll talk about our view of the medium-term to long-term prospects for each of our businesses. Okay, David, over to you.
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Loews reported a net loss of $65 million or $0.19 per share in Q2 2016 as opposed to net income of $170 million or $0.46 per share in last year's second quarter. Year-to-date, we have generated net income of $37 million or $0.11 per share. Our second quarter earnings were dominated by asset impairments at Diamond Offshore, which overwhelmed favorable results posted by CNA Financial and Boardwalk Pipeline, as well as good returns generated by our parent company investment portfolio. The impairments at Diamond, which totaled $678 million pre-tax on its books reduced our net income by $267 million. Before I drill into Diamond's results, let me summarize the year-over-year quarterly net income contribution by each of our subsidiaries and by the parent company investment portfolio. Two of our subsidiaries, CNA and Boardwalk, posted significant increases in net income contribution over the prior year. CNA contributed $189 million including realized gains up 52% from last year and Boardwalk's contribution rose from $12 million last year to $17 million this year. In addition, the parent company investment portfolio generated $56 million of after tax income this year, a big swing from the last quarter's $8 million loss and the $7 million gain in Q2 2015. Our remaining two subsidiaries, Diamond and Loews Hotels, posted year-over-year declines in each case driven by unusual items. Diamond contributed a $290 million net loss in Q2 2016 versus net income of $45 million last year and Loews Hotels essentially broke even this quarter, down from net income of $8 million in the prior year. Loews Hotels' results this quarter were significantly affected by the write-down of an equity investment in a joint venture hotel property. But clearly, Diamond drove our disappointing second quarter results, so let me start by explaining Diamond's second quarter. The offshore drilling market continues to be extremely challenged with limited new drilling opportunities and an oversupply of rigs. In addition, customers are choosing not to extend current contracts and in some cases, seeking ways to early terminate existing contracts. Diamond assessed its rig fleet for impairment at the end of the quarter and in light of the difficult market environment and Diamond management's evolving view of the length and severity of the downturn, eight rigs have been written down to substantially lower net book values. These rigs are a mix of third generation, fourth generation and fifth generation semi-submersibles. Four of the eight rigs being impaired are stacked, two are still on contract and two are being scrapped. There are four key drivers of the write-downs on the six rigs not being scrapped. Number one, longer lapse time until the rigs are projected to return to work. Number two, higher cost to reactivate the stacked rigs and ready them to return to work. Number three, lower expected future day rates once the rigs return to work. And finally, lower assumed utilization once the rigs return to work. Absent its asset impairments, Diamond's operating income was relatively weak during the quarter. The combination of fewer rigs on contract and an unexpectedly high amount of unscheduled downtime on its new build drillships led to a 42% decline in contract drilling revenues versus the second quarter of 2015. Diamond's net income in Q2 was further reduced by a valuation allowance for current and prior year tax assets associated with foreign tax credits as Diamond no longer expects to be able to utilize these tax credits to offset income taxes in the U.S. Jim will provide further thoughts on Diamond's prospects shortly. I would just emphasize that Diamond remains financially strong and is well-positioned from a capital and liquidity standpoint to weather today's storms, continue as a leader in the offshore drilling space, and seek to turn adversity into opportunity. Turning to CNA, in the second quarter, CNA contributed a $189 million to our net income, which includes $6 million of realized investment gains. This compares to a net income contribution of $124 million in the second quarter of 2015. This substantial increase was primarily driven by three items. Number one, higher favorable prior development this year, emanating from all three P&C businesses: specialty, commercial and international. Number two, the absence in this year's second quarter of a retroactive reinsurance charge, associated with a Loss Portfolio Transfer of CNA's asbestos and environmental liabilities with National Indemnity. And three, improved results in the Life & Group segment, reflective of the Q4 2015 reserve unlocking that reset the underlying actuarial assumptions on the long-term care reserves. CNA's core P&C business posted net operating income for the quarter, down slightly from the prior year, despite a solid one point improvement in the calendar year combined ratio. From an underwriting standpoint, the impact of higher favorable prior development was offset by an increase in CNA international's accident year combined ratio. This increase was driven by higher catastrophe losses as well as lower accident year of non-cat underwriting profit attributable mostly to large loss activity. Additionally, P&C's net operating income during Q2 2016 was negatively affected by currency exchange rates. Last year, retroactive reinsurance charge reduced CNA's contribution to our second quarter net income by $49 million. There was no such charge in this year's second quarter as CNA completed its asbestos and environmental reserve reviews this year in the first quarter. During the second quarter, CNA's Life & Group segment which houses the long-term care business produced a $4 million net operating loss, compared with a $24 million operating loss in the second quarter of last year. This slight loss was essentially in line with expectations, following the unlocking of the company's long-term care active life reserves at year-end 2015. As a reminder, the financial results for CNA's long-term care business, reflect a variance between actual experience and management's best estimate actuarial assumptions. On a year-to-date basis, the Life & Group segment has posted a $6 million net operating loss versus a loss of $41 million in the first half of 2015. On to Boardwalk, Boardwalk posted a strong second quarter as net revenues were up 8% year-over-year, just as they were in Q1. EBITDA was up 14% and net income was up 63%. Boardwalk's contribution to our net income increased from $12 million last year to $17 million this year, driven by the strong underlying operating results. A reconciliation of Boardwalk's EBITDA to its net income can be found in its Q2 earnings release. The main drivers of Boardwalk's strong revenue quarter were the return to service of the Evangeline ethylene pipeline in mid-2015, recently completed growth projects placed into service over the last year, and improved revenues from parking and lending and storage. This year's second quarter revenues were favorably impacted by a $13 million legal settlement, whereas last year's second quarter benefited from the receipt of $6 million of business interruption insurance proceeds. I wanted to highlight two developments with respect to Boardwalk's funding profile. First, Loews agreed to extend the borrowing period under our $300 million subordinated loan agreement by two years from December 2016 to December 2018. All other terms remain the same. Boardwalk has yet to utilize this facility. And second, Boardwalk exercised a one-year extension option on its credit facility, extending the maturity date for May 2020 to May 2021, although one bank participated in the extension, resulting in $1.475 billion being extended to May 2021. Currently, Boardwalk is not drawn on its credit facility. Now for a quick review of Loews Hotels, which contributed pre-tax income of $4 million, down from $14 million in the second quarter of 2015. The company's operational strides were masked by the write-down of an equity investment in one of its joint venture hotel properties. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes this write-down increased over the prior quarter. A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income can be found in the Loews quarterly snapshot on loews.com. Please note that we expect the hotel company's second half results to be somewhat muted by recently commenced renovations at the Loews Miami Beach Hotel. Let me turn to the parent company. In the second quarter, the parent company investment portfolio generated after-tax income of $56 million compared with income of $7 million in the prior year quarter. Equities, including gold-related equity investments accounted for the bulk of the income in the year-over-year increase. We ended the quarter with parent company cash and investments of $4.9 billion and debt of $1.8 billion. During the quarter, we received $74 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $61 million from CNA and $13 million more Boardwalk. Year-to-date, we have received total dividends of $632 million combined from CNA and Boardwalk. Our share repurchase activity since last quarter has been modest. We repurchased 1.9 million shares from April 1 through the end of July spending $76 million. Year-to-date, we have spent just under a $109 million repurchasing 2.8 million shares. Average shares outstanding were 339 million in the second quarter, down 8.5% from 370 million in Q2, 2015. And now, I will hand the call back to Jim.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you, David. I'd like to talk about the medium-term to long-term prospects of each of our subsidiaries. Actually, I think it's much  a much more fitting conversation for us to have since at Loews quarterly results are not necessarily indicative of the long-term performance and ultimate value of our businesses. While we take notice of the near-term developments, we rarely measure the significance of an event or the returns on an investment over the short-term. As always, we are focused on a long-term value we can deliver to shareholders. First, let's turn to Diamond Offshore. I want to start out by addressing the proverbial elephant in the room. Diamond's results this quarter were severely impacted by the rig impairment charges David mentioned earlier in the call. Keep in mind that the severe downturn in the offshore drilling market, combined with the difficulty in predicting the timing and degree of this inevitable recovery precipitated these impairments. It's important to note however, that Diamond is scrapping only two of the eight rigs being impaired today. Having been in the offshore drilling business for nearly 30 years and the supertanker business for seven years prior to that, I've seen cyclical downturns before. I'm hopeful that in this case, and similar to prior cases, the rigs being stacked today will work again and earn an attractive rate of return in the future. Holding on to and ultimately reactivating capable older rigs is a strategy that Diamond has employed historically to create value and to differentiate itself from its competitors. There is no doubt that an oversupply of sixth-generation drillships currently exists. However, I believe that the older semisubmersibles being stacked today may indeed find work as the market recovers on jobs for which these third-generation, fourth-generation and fifth-generation rigs are better suited. Diamond's innovative strategies, along with its financial strength and conservative capital management should enable the company to emerge from this turbulent market cycle stronger than any of its competitors. As I've said before, if there is a silver lining to this oil price downturn, it's that the lack of drilling activity today will only help speed the recovery of oil prices tomorrow. The effects of the current underinvestment in oil drilling are already starting to be evident, and will play out in the coming years. Demand for oil is still growing and remains quite healthy. With all its new rigs contracted at least through 2019, I'm confident in Diamond's medium-term to long-term prospects. While today the situation may seem bleak, we've seen this movie's prequel before and remember well how it ended. Now, let's turn to our other energy subsidiary, Boardwalk Pipeline Partners. When discussing the future prospects of the pipeline space, I hear a lot about the challenges the industry faces, commodity pricing exposure, re-contracting issues, ballooning Marcellus production and slowing gas demand growth. While all of these factors are important, we believe that demand for U.S. natural gas will once again reaccelerate, both domestically and internationally. As we know, exports of natural gas are increasing and the U.S. has the capability to produce an enormous amount of low cost natural gas. As of today, there are commitments to build LNG export plants with capacity of 8.5 billion cubic feet per day. The majority of these plants are located on the Gulf Coast and are scheduled to come online before 2020. Pipeline exports to Mexico are also increasing. Last year, these exports grew by nearly 1 billion cubic feet per day, which represents 1.5% of U.S. supply. Those exports are on track for a similar increase this year. Additionally, industrial demand for natural gas and liquids is growing spurred by petrochemical production. This growth is a boon for Boardwalk, which provides services to the Gulf Coast petrochemicals industry and has key assets located in Louisiana's industrial hub. Boardwalk is capitalizing on these trends with several natural gas and liquids projects already underway, all of which are on schedule and on budget. As these projects come into service over the next several years, they will also help offset possible revenue declines from renewals of certain legacy contracts and contribute to Boardwalk's cash generation. Turning to the insurance market in CAN, you're familiar with some of the challenges facing this sector, including industry consolidation, a slow growth global economy, persistently low interest rates and decelerating premium rates. While not immune from these challenges, CNA has continued to make progress on its major strategic effort to become a top quartile underwriter. CNA is also aided by the fact that it's operating at a time when the insurance industry's capital management is extremely disciplined. Over the last few earnings calls, I've spent time explaining why I strongly believe that CNA can compete effectively in this environment, while also delivering strong operating profits. Just to review, CNA has a strong foundation built on financial strength, outstanding human capital that is continually improving, a strong branch network and rigorous underwriting disciplines that have resulted in improved risk selection. So while the insurance industry may face some headwinds, CNA has never been stronger with regard to its capital, its brand and its competitive position. And last but not least, let's take a look at Loews Hotels. The hotel industry continues to enjoy favorable market fundamentals albeit at a slowing pace. For the last six years, hotel room demand has outstripped supply and while both continue to grow, supply has been catching up. The increasing supply of rooms does create a more competitive environment, but there's still plenty of growth to be had. Another industry dynamic is the trend towards consolidation of major hotel companies. We believe that this trend can be a good thing for smaller and more nimble companies such of Loews Hotels. After all, it's much easier for our chain of 25 properties to roll out and deliver innovative new services and offers for our guests. Loews Hotels will remain focused on opportunistically growing the chain in key markets. The focus of our growth will be on the group hotels, our sweet spot, as well as resort destinations such as Orlando. Just two weeks ago, Loews opened its fifth hotel in Orlando, the 1,000 room Sapphire Falls Hotel bringing our key count there to sub 5,200. The grand opening of this new property is just the latest development in what has been an exceptionally successful partnership with Universal Orlando Resorts. Before we proceed to our Q&A, let me review why I'm confident about the medium-term to long-term prospects of each of our businesses. CNA has improved its underwriting performance and paid significant dividends to shareholders while maintaining its strong capital position. Diamond is currently in a very tough market, and although we can't predict when the market will turn, Diamond is weathering the storm well. It's been conserving its financial resources and maintaining its position as the strongest offshore drilling company in terms of credit rating, finance, innovation and leadership. Boardwalk has made smart capital decision that should allow it to fund its announced growth projects and to contribute to its cash flow once these projects come online. And Loews Hotels continues to grow its chain steadily with an eye towards increased profitability and cash flow. As for Loews Corporation, we have always maintained a fortress balance sheet. Our parent company cash and investments exceed our debt just as they have for the vast majority of the last four decades. Despite the current turbulence in the energy sector, our financial position remains ironclad and allows us to take advantage of opportunities as they arrive. Whatever the environment Loews and its subsidiaries are operating in, our strategic imperative remains the same, creating value for shareholders over the long-term. And now, I'd like to turn the call back to Mary Skafidas.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Thank you, Jim. Kristal, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for any questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Good morning.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, I want to throw a bunch of things out there and have you sort of explained to me relative valuations for various things. Back about a year ago when oil was priced at around, I think, $35 a barrel and Diamond's stock was trading below $30 you bought back some stock, I am sure with an eye on where you thought two-year oil was going to be. About a quarter ago, with CNA stock dropping below $30, and trying to, I guess, capture what you expect to be about a 10% dividend yield, you bought back stock. So, both Diamond and CNA might be attractive to you  not as attractive, but can we talk about the price of oil, the price of a 10% dividend yield and your willingness to buy back subsidiary stock as opposed to your own?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Okay. Let's start with Diamond. When we bought back the shares of Diamond, I think that, we did not anticipate that the decline in offshore drilling would be as bad as it has been. We didn't anticipate that oil prices would go into the $20s, we didn't anticipate that oil companies would cut back their capital budget so dramatically. And we certainly didn't anticipate that utilization today of drilling rigs would be at the levels that they're at. So, I think we were surprised and I daresay that the rest of the market was surprised by what's happened in the offshore drilling industry. But now, I think, we recognized very clearly exactly where we are in that business. With respect to CNA, I would say it's just the opposite of Diamond. Things have worked out pretty much as we have expected. CNA continues to improve on its underwriting, its earnings have come in very strong and when we bought CNA's stock in the $20s we said then and we say now the stock is just too damn cheap. You're right, when we bought it, it did represent a 10% yield when you look at  look in the rearview mirror and take into account the special dividend along with the regular dividend. And we believe very much in the strength of CNA's business. As I said in my remarks, we believe strongly in the capital level that CNA has and we believe strongly in the improvements that are taking place at CNA.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And so  and versus Loews' stock  the return on Loews' stock, I guess.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So when I think about what I do, the primary  I think my primary job is that of capital allocator. We allocate capital to Loews share repurchases to purchases of subsidiary shares. We allocate capital from time-to-time to our subsidiaries to the extent that they might need capital from Loews and it represents a good return to Loews. And then, we also allocate capital to  less often, but in bigger amounts to repurchase  to purchase, sorry, new businesses. So, these are just the types of capital allocation issues that we have the competition for our capital. And from my perspective and the Loews Corporation perspective, we are constantly making judgments every day, what is the best place for our capital, and the times when we bought CNA shares and the times when we bought Diamond shares, at those points in time, without the benefit of rearview mirror today, we decided to purchase those shares.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And just backtracking, do you have a view on two-year oil?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I like it a lot. I think the  as I said in my remarks, I think oil companies in the world in general are dramatically under-investing in oil production capacity, I think that  I think, I believe, I know that depletion is real that oil wells do not continue producing forever, some of them decline at 70% a year, some of them decline at 5% a year, but all of them decline. And to the extent that the world is not reinvesting in new productive capacity, those declines in production will be felt in the coming years. Combined with that even though some say that oil demand growth is sluggish, oil demand is still continuing to increase every year generally on the order by about 1 million barrels a day or about 1%. So, as you add a few years together of underinvestment, combined with continued demand growth, I think you can see that in a few years time, prices will have to go up in order to provide the investment returns needed by oil companies in order to make the investment in more productive capacity. And I think that in two years' time, that will certainly happen. I recall  I  in prior calls, I've said that $65 was my fearless forecast, for year-end 2018 oil, I think there is a good chance that oil will be significantly higher than that on the order of, say, $10 a barrel.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And in terms of the, I guess, cash flows to Loews Corp right now, as you look at your appetite for deploying dividends, repurchases and other opportunities, is there a corporate outlook about how much cash flow you expect your businesses to generate to you in the next 12 months?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Yes. Yeah, yeah. We think about that all the time. We don't...
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And the CNA dividend coming, I guess, do you consider the special part of the dividend part of that capital management or that cash flow forecast?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: We take all the sources of capital that we anticipate coming into Loews into account. The thing that Loews doesn't do nor do our subsidiaries do is make forward-looking statements as to what specifically those amounts are.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for answering all the questions and good luck with the remainder of the year.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel, Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning, Loews.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Good morning.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: The parent investment income was relatively robust, relative to recent run rates in a period where the stock market was not that robust. What was the source of the $56 million?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: As I say, you die by the sword, you live by the sword. We had for a number of quarters, even years, suffered with gold investments. And what's happened in this most recent quarter is that our gold investments came to life. And the investment income in the quarter is primarily attributable to our gold investments.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: How big a commitment do you have to gold?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: It is surprisingly small. It's about $150 million maybe, this is not  it's not so big. We've had on our gold investments, this quarter, this year-to-date, more than a 100% rate of return, not annualized, just in the six months 100% rate of  greater than a 100% rate of return on those gold investments.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Second question is  you said you are going to have a drag on hotels in the second half because of  was it Miami investments? What's the order of magnitude of that drag or investment spending?
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: Well, this is David. Miami is undergoing a renovation and occupancy, RevPAR will be way down during that period of time. So we don't break out the earnings of Miami, or any of our individual properties. So suffice it to say though that Miami is quite a profitable property and the lack of profitability from that will be a drag on earnings.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I'd say differently....
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Was it $3 million to $5 million or much bigger than that?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: We're not going to give a range, but let me just say...
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Miami is a significant contributor to Loews Hotels' income, and its earnings during this capital improvement time will be dramatically affected by the work that's being done. But we strongly believe that the hotel that will be seen by the public, when the work is completed will be a dramatic improvement over an already very profitable hotel.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. How long is the renovation period again?
David B. Edelson - Loews Corp.: (34:08) it's planned to be concluded at the end of November, the first part of December.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. And last question, Jim, over the last several years your economic view of like 2% GDP growth has proven to be a very valid forecast. We are limping along a little bit below that. Any concerns about the near-term economic outlook? Are you revising sort of your consistent?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: I'm staying with my forecast and when you said growth has been a bit below it, below my 2% mark, I'm reminded of what Larry Lindsey said to me and he may have been quoting some other economists, but he said that economists use decimal points to show the world that they have a sense of humor. So...
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I get that.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: ...I'm going to stick with my 2% growth forecast.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: There is nothing as far as the election or Brexit or the macro stuff that has happened that makes you pause on that forecast?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: My forecast  my forecast takes all of that and more into account.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Great. Okay, that makes me feel a little bit better. Thank you.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: My pleasure.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. So given that you see and that maybe the industry sees some improvement in oil prices the next couple years, that would suggest that there is no rush to dump rigs, I guess, like the Yankees selling. Where does that leave Diamond's strategy?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, Diamond is scrapping two rigs, but we believe that even in a robust recovery that there won't be work for those two rigs. Those rigs are generally very old and have served their useful productive lives, but we do have a number of rigs that are stacked, that will be able to come out of stack mode and operate when, as and if, the oil  offshore oil drilling industry improves.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: I guess maybe I didn't ask my question well. In the past, you have indicated that a big turning point is when the industry gets so discouraged or out of money that they are dumping rigs as an opportunity to pick them up. Do you see that occurring in this cycle of two years, five years, whatever it may be?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So the primary market for third-generation, fourth-generation and fifth-generation rigs, I believe, will be in the shallower water depths where sixth-generation dynamically positioned rigs cannot compete. They just technically cannot compete there. So I think that there will be in the future, a good market for those third-generation, fourth-generation and fifth-generation rigs, but it will be a relatively small market, certainly not as big as it was in prior decades. So we are very comfortable  Diamond is very comfortable with the exposure that it has to that class of rigs.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So, do you see  maybe I am not understanding your answer. Do you see a dumping, so as to speak, of rigs by the industry creating good opportunity  better opportunities for pricing rigs?
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Yeah. So, I don't foresee Diamond purchasing any third-generation, fourth-generation and fifth-generation rigs. When you look at the economics of purchasing a third-generation, fourth-generation and fifth-generation rig, what you quickly realize is that the purchase price of the rig is really incidental and very small in comparison to the cost of re-commissioning the rig and going through a special survey. So the  in my opinion, the cycle is different, slightly different this time than last time, because in the cycle, say, in the late 1980s, early 1990s, you were able to buy rigs, re-commission them for very little and bingo, you would be back in business. This time, the cost to re-commission the rig after it's been in stacked mode for a few years can, in some instances, be measured  can be greater than a $100 million. So it doesn't  the economics aren't  are not driven by whether you pay $5 million for the rig or $7 million for the rig. We feel that we have enough of that class of rigs that when and if the industry comes back, we will make a lot of money from those rigs, and we would anticipate making money then from sixth-generation and later rigs if the market truly improves.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: I see. Okay. Slightly different on the gold. With a 2% forecast for economic growth, that would not suggest a lot of inflation, which would seem to argue against gold investments.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: So, I don't want to argue the merits of gold, I would just say that, for us gold has, and our portfolio has been a very good hedge that when stocks are down, gold tends to outperform and when stocks are in  are up, gold tends to underperform. And so, it's been, I think, a very good balance for our portfolio. I am not, nor is anybody else here at Loews what you would call a gold bug, but it was  it is interesting to me that in the first half of this year, we have a relatively modest investment in gold securities we've been able to earn an outsized rate of return on that investment.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. Thank you.
James S. Tisch - Loews Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn it back to Mary Skafidas.
Mary Skafidas - Loews Corp.: Great. Thank you, Kristal. And thank you all of you for your continued interest in Loews. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-02 15:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director David B. Edelson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations: Thank you, Jackie, and welcome everyone to Lowes' first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings snapshot, and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances that at the time they are made, the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mary, and good morning. The first quarter was my favorite type of quarter. It was relatively quiet, with solid performances from each of our subsidiaries. Just to review, CNA had significant reserve releases as well as strong operational results. However, this positive performance was distorted by a non-cash retroactive reinsurance charge relating to the company's asbestos policies. Investment losses from CNA's LP (2:21) portfolio also muted Loews' essentially a good quarter at CNA. Diamond Offshore continued to manage well through the cyclical downturn and benefited from revenue earned by its new drillships that are on long-term charters. Boardwalk Pipeline also had a smooth first quarter. Its favorable performance is attributable in part to higher rates taking effect as a result of the Gulf South rate case and booked (2:45) growth projects that have been placed in service over the last year. Finally, Loews Hotels & Resorts also performed well. Its properties in Florida remained strong earners as did some of the new hotels added to the chain in the past few years. David Edelson, our CFO, will walk you through the results of each of our subsidiaries in more detail later in our call. Since the quarter was relatively uneventful, I thought I'd use this time to address some questions about the insurance and the oil markets that have come up in our discussions with shareholders. Let's start with insurance. Over the last several years, there's been a significant increase in third-party capital coming into the insurance and the reinsurance market, and this capital is increasing competition for the more generic insurance and reinsurance providers. It's having less of effect on CNA's book of business, however, because of the company's extensive and well-established nationwide agency network. This network is a tremendous asset, and CNA is one of only a handful of industry players with this type of distribution channel. This web of distributed offices with local underwriters working with local agents is remarkably expensive to duplicate, creating high barriers to entry for new players. The strength of CNA's network did not happen by accident, it's been build up over decades. In recent years, CNA has focused substantial time and resources on bolstering and upgrading its field operations for its commercial lines business (4:21) also increasing the origination of its specialty business through these offices. The result is that these actions have made CNA's business lines less vulnerable to competition by new players in the industry. CNA has been concentrating on growing in core customer segments where it has deep underwriting expertise, while calling less profitable business lines. This combination has dramatically changed CNA's property and casualty portfolio and underwriting returns. The result is that core customer segments have grown from 71% of the portfolio in 2011 to 80% in the last two years. In the past several years, CNA has had relatively flat top-line growth, but below the surface the company has shed unprofitable business. CNA has two major lines of P&C business: specialty and commercial. The company's specialty business has always had a market-leading position and has been the envy of its competitors. CNA's commercial lines business, however, has historically lagged behind specialty. Today, the company's focus on enhancing its underwriting expertise in commercial lines has resulted in more than 10 points of improvement in the underlying loss ratio from 2010 to 2015. This portfolio today is more stable as demonstrated by the retention rate in the mid-80%s. Over the last few years, CNA's operational gains have been offset somewhat by an increasing expense ratio, which at 35% in the first quarter is too high. CNA has consciously increased investments in information technology, analytics and talent with a goal of becoming a top-quartile underwriter. While these investments put pressure on margins today, we believe they will have a favorable impact on CNA's long-term profitability. Additionally, CNA has taken a number of actions to strengthen its operations, including exiting from non-performing businesses, selling its life insurance company, and actively managing its long-term care line of business. Over the last decade, CNA has become a company with a fortress balance sheet. CNA has never been stronger with regard to its capital, its brand and its competitive position. Now, from the good, to the bad and the ugly. Let's take a look at the oil market. Since I often get asked about my outlook for oil, I thought I'd beat you to the punch today. One of my favorite sayings is he who lives by the crystal ball must learn to eat ground glass. And while I'm not a fan of ground glass, I'll share with you what I'm seeing and forecasting with respect to oil. The past few months have bought clarity to a couple of points. First, it is now abundantly clear that in the absence of OPEC intervention, U.S. shale oil is the world's swing producer. Shale production can come on quickly and relatively cheaply, and is largely developed by nimble independent producers who have the incentive to quickly respond to changing prices. The second point that's becoming clear is that U.S. shale producers are unlikely to experience any time soon, the growth they enjoyed several years ago. In order to simply maintain production using internally generated cash, our guess is that the U.S. shale industry needs oil prices to be about $50 per barrel to $60 per barrel. With current prices at around $45 per barrel, U.S. production will continue to decline. So what does this mean for Diamond Offshore and the offshore drilling industry? Today, the world is dramatically underinvesting in oil exploration and production, and the effects of this underinvestment will start to by evident over the next two years to five years. Oil price declines have largely been driven by the strength of supply, not the weakness of demand. In fact, demand for oil is still growing and remains quite healthy. If there is a silver lining in this, in this oil price downturn is that the lack of drilling activity today will only help to speed the recovery of the oil market tomorrow. U.S. shale drilling activity maybe the first to churn on (8:55) when the market rebound, but these onshore resources only produced about 5 million barrels a day. In contrast, offshore production supplies 25 million barrels a day to 30 million barrels a day or about 30% of global oil production, and when oil prices reached levels where domestic shale production increases, many offshore oil drilling projects will be economic as well. The million-dollar question is, when will we arrive at the tipping point when the supply demand fundamentals drive oil prices higher? There's no shortage of opinions expressed on that subject and I'm not going to throw my hat into the race. As I've said before, I'd rather predict where oil prices will be two years from now than two months from now. And now that I brought it up, my fearless forecast is that oil will be $65 per barrel or higher by the end of 2018. That's the price that I believe will be required for E&P companies to invest in productive capacity necessary to satisfy demand. It certainly won't happen at $45 per barrel, when you compare today's oil prices with the recent low of $27 per barrel reached in January of 2016, it looks like we could be halfway to my fearless forecast. While there are many unknowns in relation to the oil and energy markets today, we have no doubt that Diamond Offshore will withstand this tough cyclical downturn, and hopefully, use it as an opportunity for growth. Diamond has taken a number of steps to maintain its solid balance sheet, starting with reducing costs in 2015 by $100 million and scrapping or selling fixed rate, if believed, will not work again. Additionally, Diamond chose to eliminate its special and regular dividends, an action taken from a position of strength, so that it could use its financial resources to invest in this depressed market when and if the opportunity arises. Diamond is benefiting from earnings from its new drilling rigs, which are all contracted through 2019. With Diamond's strong capitalization and liquidity position, we are confident that Diamond will not only be able to weather the downturn, but will emerge well-positioned for the inevitable rebound. And now, to get back to the business in hand, let me turn the call over to David Edelson. David?
David B. Edelson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For the first quarter, Loews reported net income of $102 million, or $0.30 per share, as compared to $109 million, or $0.29 per share in last year's first quarter. As described in our earnings release, Boardwalk's and Diamond's contributions to our net income were up year-over-year, while contributions from CNA and Loews Hotels were down. Parent company investment results were also below prior year. Let me unpack this quarter's results to highlight four key drivers: one, strong underlying operating results at CNA and Boardwalk; two, challenged investment results at CNA and the parent company; three, a retroactive reinsurance charge at CNA relating to the company's agreement to cede asbestos and environmental liabilities to National Indemnity; and four, the absence of a rig impairment charge at Diamond this quarter versus a substantial charge last year. Turning to CNA. In the first quarter, CNA contributed $60 million to our net income, which includes $17 million of realized investment losses. This compares to a net income contribution of $210 million in the first quarter of 2015. The decrease was primarily driven by three items: lower net investment income; realized investment losses; and a retroactive reinsurance charge, all offset somewhat by improved operating results. CNA's limited partnership investments generated a small loss this quarter versus an almost 4% pre-tax return in last year's first quarter. This swing reduced CNA's year-over-year contribution to our first quarter net income by $74 million. Additionally, CNA posted realized investment losses this quarter versus realized gains last year, which reduced CNA's contribution to our first quarter net income by an additional $25 million. Finally, the retroactive reinsurance charge reduced CNA's contribution to our first quarter net income by $74 million. As a reminder, there was a retroactive reinsurance charge in last year's second quarter that reduced our net income by $49 million. Let me recap the reason for this non-cash retroactive reinsurance charge. In 2010, CNA and National Indemnity, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, completed a transaction whereby CNA ceded to National Indemnity substantially all of its legacy, asbestos, and environmental pollution liabilities subject to an aggregate limit of $4 billion. This reinsurance agreement is commonly referred to as a Loss Portfolio Transfer. Under retroactive reinsurance accounting, CNA is not permitted to recognize the benefit of the National Indemnity cover until actual cash recoveries are made by CNA. This means that when CNA increases its asbestos and environmental pollution reserves, it must book a deferred retroactive reinsurance gain which results in a GAAP income statement charge. This gain will ultimately be recognized back into CNA's earnings in the future as losses are paid by National Indemnity. Think of it as a timing difference. For more information, please review page 14 of CNA's first quarter earnings presentation. Setting aside investment results and the reinsurance charge, CNA performed well in the first quarter. The company posted a property and casualty combined ratio of 96.1%, down from 98.9% last year. The combined ratio was helped by a solid 62.0% accident year loss ratio and 3.6 points of favorable prior-year development, as business written in past years continues to develop well. On the other hand, the combined ratio is hurt by an uptick in the expense ratio, as the company invests in people and systems to position itself for the future During the first quarter, CNA's Life & Group segment which houses (15:50) the long-term care business produced a $2 million net operating loss, compared with a $17 million loss in the first quarter of last year. This slight loss was essentially in line with expectations, following the unlocking of the company's long-term care active life reserves at year-end. As discussed last quarter, these reserves are now based on management's current best estimate actuarial assumptions. The reset (16:17) assumption should theoretically produce a breakeven underwriting in result for long-term care, although, some variability in period to period results is likely, as quarterly results will reflect any variance between actual experience and the reset (16:33) best estimate assumptions. Turning to Diamond. Diamond's contribution to our net income increased dramatically from a loss of $126 million last year to earnings of $43 million this year. Diamond's results last year were negatively impacted by an asset impairment charge relating to eight rigs, which reduced our net income by $158 million. Absent this charge, Diamond's contribution to our net income was still up slightly year-over-year, despite the dramatic decline in the offshore drilling market. Let me explain. Diamond's contract drilling revenues were down 26% year-over-year, as the company experienced a 41% decline in revenue earning days. The fact that three of Diamond's new ultra-deepwater drillships worked during Q1 2016, but not during the prior-year quarter wasn't enough to offset the revenue decline from deepwater, mid-water and jack-up rigs. Note that during this year's first quarter, Diamond's contract drilling revenues benefited from a one-time $40 million demobilization fee. Diamond management has aggressively managed operating expenses in response to the revenue declines and the change in the business environment. Contract drilling expenses were 39% lower in Q1 2016 than in the prior-year. Additionally, Diamond's recent rig impairments and sales of rigs have reduced the company's ongoing depreciation expense. Diamond remains financially strong. The company is well-positioned from a capital and liquidity standpoint to weather today's storms and continue as a leader in the offshore drilling space. On a personal note, we would like to thank Gary Krenek, Diamond's CFO for his tremendous contributions to the company. Gary is retiring tomorrow and will be replaced by Kelly Youngblood, who is joining Diamond from Halliburton. Thank you, Gary, you will be missed and welcome, Kelly. Boardwalk posted a strong first quarter, as net revenues were up 8%, EBITDA was up 9%, and net income was up 30%. Boardwalk's contribution to our net income increased from $25 million last year to $31 million this year, driven by the strong underlying operating results. The real drivers of Boardwalk's quarter were revenue increases, stemming from the Gulf South rate case, the return to service of the Evangeline ethylene pipeline, and those growth projects placed into service over the last year. While earnings for the quarter were very strong, the midstream space is not without its (19:24) challenges with many natural gas producers under financial pressure. As Boardwalk discussed earlier today, out of its top-50 customers, which represent approximately $1 billion of annual revenues, six customers are rated below investment grade. These customers represent approximately $170 million of annualized revenue. Importantly, these customers are not in default and the company does not have any material issue with its receivables. This is a situation that Boardwalk will continue to monitor and manage. At Loews Hotels & Resorts, pre-tax income was essentially flat with prior year as underlying strength continued to be masked by the impact of new properties entering the chain and ramping up. Adjusted EBITDA increased by $8 million or 23% to $43 million. Turning to the parent company. In the first quarter, the parent company investment portfolio generated an after-tax loss of $8 million, compared with income of $19 million in the prior-year quarter. This loss reflects lower performance of alternatives and equities, offset somewhat by the gold equities that we hold as a hedge. We ended the quarter with cash and investments of $4.9 billion and parent company debt of $1.8 billion. During the quarter, we received $558 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $545 million from CNA, which included its $2 per share special dividend and $13 million from Boardwalk. In March, we issued $500 million of tenured notes and retired $400 million of maturing notes. Our next debt maturity is not until 2023. Our share repurchase activity was muted during the quarter. We spent $33 million repurchasing just over 900,000 Loews' shares. Additionally, we spent $8 million purchasing 267,000 shares of CNA. Average shares outstanding were 339 million in the first quarter, down 9% from 373 million in Q1 2015. Let me now hand the call back to Jim.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, David. Before we open the call up for questions, I want to stress that even in these times of dynamic change, Loews and its subsidiaries remain committed to creating value for shareholders over the long-term. It's a goal that has defined us for more than half a century and it continues to define us today. Importantly, in each of our businesses, we have the leadership horsepower needed to fuel this value creation. All of our CEOs are long-term veterans of their industries with the vision, experience and expertise necessary to position each company for future growth and development. At CNA, Tom retirement has overseen the company's dramatic move towards achieving its goal of becoming a top-quartile underwriter, and the company has since 2013 paid out to shareholders more than $2 billion in dividends. At Diamond Offshore, Marc Edwards is leading the charge with grace under extreme pressure. He is revolutionizing the offshore drilling industry with Pressure Control by the Hour and other innovations which are differentiating Diamond from the competition and cementing close relationships with Diamond's customers along the way. Stan Horton at Boardwalk is one of the best strategic thinkers in the natural gas pipeline space. He has envisioned and developed the full slate of very attractive investment opportunities, which will be coming online in the next few years and will form the foundation for growth. And finally at Loews Hotels, Kirk Kinsell is continuing to build on the growth of our Hotel business increasing EBITDA and profitability while creating long-term value. Kirk has been focused on expanding the company's brand equity, attracting and retaining the best talent, and most importantly, creating a wonderful experience for our guests. And while we certainly appreciate the exemplary CEOs at each of our subsidiaries, we know that their efforts are supported and strengthened by their leadership team's deep and talented bench. Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations: Thank you, Jim. Jackie, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions. Could you instruct our listeners on how to do so?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Josh.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: My first question relates to loving one of your children more than the other ones. And I look at the repurchase of CNA and I look at the repurchase of Loews, two questions. How do you decide that now is the time that you should be putting more emphasis in buying CNA? Two, to what extent are you constrained, because you don't want CNA to become a private company? And three, how do you decide whether to buy Loews' share or CNA's share?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, let me just talk about the CNA purchase. It was really simple for us. The stock was trading at $28 a share. The company for the past two years has paid a $2 special dividend and paid a $0.25 quarterly dividend. The stock was yielding in excess of 10% based on historic dividends. And that just seemed to us to be too high a yield and too cheap a stock, so we decided that we'd buy some shares.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And at that time did you stop buying Loews shares to buy CNA shares?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll let our (25:37) Loews share purchases stand on their own.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And then the extent which your constraint, because of liquidity not there is a lack of liquidity, but because you want there to be CNA shares in the market, to what extent even if the best deal in the world, are you (25:57) to actually buyback those CNA shares, so you can have that tracking stock out there?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all, it's not tracking stock, but it is  it does give everybody a sense of the worth or value of CNA. But we just bought like 150,000 shares. There wasn't a lot of stock to buy, so  and we're very, as you saw from our Form 4s, we were very price sensitive about those purchases. So we weren't concerned that we were going to substantially dry up liquidity in the stock.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And you would be willing to buy more even though, obviously, with the shrinking amount of shares out there in the market, if the price were right?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Yes.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then my second question, in terms of  CNA just issued some new debt retires of old debt at a nice discounted coupon rate. From my guess is that, Loews has an even cheaper borrowing cost than CNA, maybe that's not correct, I'm making that assumption. Could you talk about, how CNA thinks about buying debt? Is there some value, could they borrow from Loews, because Loews has cheaper debt capacity or how can I think about that?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Think of them as completely separate. That CNA has the capacity to borrow on its own balance sheet. And we totally believe that CNA should borrow on the basis of its own balance sheet. If for some reason having for bid, they were in extremis (27:52), then we would consider making along to them, but only that what we consider to be attractive market rates, so that the Loews' shareholders aren't necessarily subsidizing the CNA shareholders. But we hope and expect that each one of our subsidiaries will finance themselves.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well, that makes sense. I'm just saying from a practical standpoint, what if Loews cost of borrowing is dramatically cheaper than somebody else's, and there's no real string on the balance sheet. It's not a matter of urgency, but it just seems like there might be an arbitrage in there or maybe I'm thinking about this incorrectly.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, I guess we could do that, but that's not the way we choose to structure our investment. Loews does not want to be a creditor of CNA and earn on its cash, I don't know  350 basis points, that's not what we're looking to do with our almost $5 billion of liquidity. We're looking to earn much higher rates of return than that.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Makes sense. All right. Well, thank you very much.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning, Loews, and let me say thank you for the expanded commentary in the call on your 33 page timeless principle on the web, those are very helpful for us.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And thank you for the advertisement for our website.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Great. There was no buyback in April presumably, given there was no reference in the press release?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, there wasn't. No.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. This question is probably motivated by having watched Buffett over the weekend in Omaha. But are we still totally committed on the partnership hedge fund investments? And I know you think it over time, it's created value to you, but it seems like it's coming under attack from various institutions.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, we've been reducing our hedge fund investments over the past year or year-and-a-half. But I would say  I have a slightly different take on it than Buffett. I would say that the space has become very crowded and returns have been competed away. When 20-years-ago, there were one or two or 10 payers (30:52) traders, market neutral hedge funds could earn very, very attractive returns. Now that there are hundreds of them, the rate of return that those hedge funds can earn has come down rather dramatically. While Warren Buffett complained about the fees, instead we're looking at the returns. And what we've seen is that, in the past number of years and especially more recently, the returns haven't been there. So we've reduced our investment in hedge funds. What we're doing is that, we're holding those proceeds for a time when other risk assets seemed to be very attractive in the marketplace. That happened between November and February of this year with bank debt and below investment grade bonds, but the market recovered very quickly. But my anticipation is that, in the future, there will be plenty of other opportunities to invest in what we consider to be attractively priced risk assets.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: So your hedge funds in partnerships are going from what to what and where do you want it to be?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's going from almost $3 billion in 2014 to about $2.5 billion now. This is at CNA.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Right. And where do you want it to be?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We'll let you know when we get there.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: That's lower (32:58)?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not higher. Not higher. That's correct.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: My pleasure.
Operator: There appear to be no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mary Skafidas for any additional or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations: Great. Thank you, Jackie, and thank you all of you for your continued interest. A replay of this call will be available on our website at loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - VP, Investor and Media Relations Jim Tisch - Chief Executive Officer David Edelson - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital Michael Millman - Millman Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Loews Fourth Quarter Year End Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to hand our program over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Media Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Kristin. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Loews Corporations fourth quarter and year end 2015 earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings snapshot and company overview maybe found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the companys filings with the SEC. During the call today, we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation for the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning everyone. Last quarter, I spent a great deal of time talking about the decline in the share prices of each of our publicly traded subsidiaries starting my remarks by referring to these declines as the proverbial elephant in the room. Well, unfortunately, that elephant has not gone away and chaos continues to reign over the energy markets. Case in point. On November 2, the day of our last earnings call, oil was trading just below $47 a barrel. Although we didnt like that number then, it looks pretty good compared to today since oil prices have continued to plummet. On January 20, oil dropped below $27 a barrel far below its replacement cost. If these pricing levels persist over the next 2 years, we will be in a drastically undersupplied oil market. The natural gas market is under the same dark cloud as the entire energy industry is being affected by this precipitous downturn, which has led to a steep decline in capital spending by exploration and production companies. Oil price declines have largely been driven by the exceptional strength of supply, not by the weakness of demand. In fact, demand for oil is still growing and remains quite healthy. If there is any bright spots on which to focus its that the lack of drilling activity today will only help speed up the recovery in the oil market tomorrow. As they say in the oil business, the best cure for low prices is low prices. While we wait for market rebalancing in oil prices, the reality for offshore drilling companies is stark. The drop in oil prices is causing oil companies to slash exploration and development budgets and reduce or cancel drilling contracts decimating day rates and idling rigs. The market for rigs of all types, including new ultra-deepwater drill ships, is currently and will for the immediate future be drastically oversupplied. And although Diamond Offshores conservative financial management has allowed us to enter this downturn on solid footing, its not immune from these challenging industry dynamics. Diamond has had to make some tough decisions regarding its own fleet, writing down 9 rigs in the fourth quarter. David Edelson will provide more details later on in the call. I did want to point out that the Ocean Confidence represents about 65% of the write-down. The rig is currently stacked, but we believe it will be a viable rig once the offshore drilling market comes back. And I believe that that market will come back. Its just a question of when. By some estimates, offshore oil production supplies up to 30% of the worlds oil, a significant percentage that cannot be replaced by conventional onshore drilling or shale production. Despite this severe downturn, Diamond continues to work tirelessly to navigate these troubled waters, having made the difficult decision to cut its dividend. This action will bolster Diamonds already strong balance sheet and allow the company to capitalize on possible opportunities to acquire rig assets in the future at a substantial discount to shipyard prices. Turning to the natural gas markets and Boardwalk, over the last few years, despite low prices, natural gas production has grown significantly. This growth was supported by two key dynamics. The first was the increase in oil production from shale plays. The majority of oil wells in these plays also yield significant amounts of natural gas as a byproduct of oil production. This associated gas accounted for nearly half of all the growth in gas production in the country. The second dynamic was the discovery and rapid development of the Marcellus shale. Well economics in the Marcellus were heavily subsidized by the production of natural gas liquids, which are sold at prices linked to oil. As a result, about a year ago, companies could breakeven when drilling a Marcellus well even with natural gas price below $2 per MCF. As a result, the market was flooded with lots of cheap gas. Today, these two dynamics have changed dramatically. As oil prices have collapsed, oil production from shale plays has started to decline, with associated gas production following suit. Natural gas production growth is stalling everywhere as producers cut drilling activity in response to the steep drop in NGL and natural gas prices. Midstream companies have been particularly affected by the pall hanging over the E&P industry. The share price of some of these companies has dropped by over 75% in the past 8 months as the effects of reduced drilling and weakened financials have rippled through the industry. Two years ago Boardwalk made the painful but important decision to reduce its distribution, a decision that many of its competitors are making now. In retrospect, this was a wise choice as Boardwalk has been using its internally generated cash flow to fund organic growth projects and position the company for the future. We believe that the new projects that Boardwalk has lined up are good investments and we are hopeful that they will provide Boardwalk with an un-levered double-digit rate of return on assets as they are completed over the next 1 to 3 years. Although Boardwalk continues to face market headwinds, the company remains financially sound and continues to focus on future growth and capital generation for its shareholders. CNA is a bright spot in Loews portfolio of businesses right now even though the numbers this quarter may obscure that light. There were lots of moving parts in CNAs fourth quarter results, most significantly, a reserve charge in its long-term care business. The silver lining of the LTC charge is that it should mitigate future losses in CNAs long-term care book of business. Despite the noise in the results, I want to stress that CNAs underlying businesses are solid and it continues to maintain its strong capital position. CNAs commercial lines business made steady progress, with a full year combined ratio improvement of almost 8 points due to a combination of favorable loss development and underlying loss ratio improvement. CNAs specialty lines continued to perform well, although market conditions in certain areas are more challenged. CNAs balance sheet remains stellar ending the year with statutory capital of over $10.7 billion and GAAP shareholders equity of almost $11.8 billion. As a result of this robust capital position and stable P&C earnings, CNA announced today a $2 per share special dividend, which is in addition to its regular $0.25 quarterly dividend. As a point of reference, last year, CNA also paid a $2 per share special dividend. And as a final note, in November of 2015, CNA announced that Dino Robusto will become its next CEO. Dino will join CNA towards the end of 2016 when Tom Motamed retires. The CNA that Dino will inherit is poised for continued improvement and further value creation. At a later date, I will spend more time talking about Toms many accomplishments with the company. But for now, we are looking forward to another great year at CNA with him at the helm. Now lets take a look at Loews cash position. We ended the year with $4.3 billion in cash and investments, having spent $1.3 billion during the year buying back Loews stock. In fact, we have repurchased more of our own shares in 2015 than any single year since 1993. CNAs special dividend payment to Loews when received in March will increase our cash and investments by about $500 million. Assuming a regular dividend is paid each quarter, CNA will pay Loews dividends totaling about $730 million in 2016. Most of our almost effective lever for value creation in 2015 was repurchasing our own shares. Our other two levers are making opportune investments at the Holding Company level and investing in our subsidiaries. Over the years, each of these levers has contributed greatly to contributing long-term value for our shareholders. The foundation for all of Loews long-term valuation, value creation is, however our commitment to maintaining our financial strength and stability. Our prudent capital management will ensure that the financial health we have built out of bricks can continue to withstand whatever economic huffing and puffing may come our way. Now I would like to turn the call over to our CFO, David Edelson.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. Loews reported a fourth quarter net loss of $201 million or $0.58 per share. Both CNA Financial and Diamond Offshore posted quarterly losses driven by unusual items. Excluding unusual items, which I will describe more fully, Loews income from continuing operations declined from $264 million in Q4 2014 to $183 million in Q4 2015. For the full year, Loews had income from continuing operations of $260 million or $0.72 per share, compared to $962 million or $2.52 per share for the prior year. Unusual items and lower operating results at CNA and Diamond were the main drivers of the year-over-year decline. Excluding unusual items, our income from continuing operations declined from $1.1 billion in 2014 to $858 million in 2015. I will start by reviewing our fourth quarter results and then return to the full year. CNAs earnings in Q4 2015 were reduced by a reserve charge, as Jim mentioned related to its long-term care business, as well as by a change in accounting estimate adopted to better reflect the yields on fixed maturity securities that have call provisions. The long-term care reserve charge and the accounting change reduced Loews income from continuing operations by $177 million and $22 million, respectively. Absent these two unusual items in 2015 and a non-recurring pension settlement charge in 2014, CNAs fourth quarter net operating income decreased by 35% versus Q4 2014. Several factors contributed to the fourth quarter year-over-year decline in net operating income at CNA, excluding these unusual items; lower LP income, higher catastrophe losses, less favorable prior year development and lower non-cat accident year underwriting income, driven by higher loss ratios in specialty and international and an expense ratio that was about 2 points above the companys run rate. Partially offsetting these negative factors was the continued market improvement in commercials loss ratio. Let me take a moment to discuss the long-term care reserve charge. CNA concluded its annual LTC reserve review during the fourth quarter. When CNA applied its current best estimate actuarial assumptions to its long-term care reserves, the result was the $396 million increase in reserve estimate. Given that CNA had $100 million of margin before the review, this increase resulted in whats known as an unlocking and a $296 million pretax reserve charge at the CNA level. I would note that this is a GAAP reserve charge. The unlocking does not impact CNAs statutory surplus. CNAs LTC active life reserves are now based on its current best estimate assumptions. Future periodic income for long-term care will reflect any variance between actual experience and the reset assumptions contemplated in CNAs best estimate reserves. The reset assumptions should theoretically produce a breakeven underwriting results for long-term care, although there will undoubtedly be variability in CNAs future periodic results. Diamond Offshores fourth quarter reflects the challenging market conditions that Jim referred to earlier. Diamonds results in Q4 2015 were dominated by a $499 million pretax asset impairment charge, which reduced Loews income from continuing operations by $182 million. Diamond wrote down nine rigs in the fourth quarter, five jack-ups, two mid-water floaters and two deepwater floaters. Setting aside the rig impairment charges, Diamond contributed $60 million to our Q4 income from continuing operations, up 28% from the fourth quarter of 2014. While contract drilling revenues were down meaningfully, after tax earnings benefited from expense reductions and a favorable tax rate. Diamond management is working hard to control expenses in the face of such difficult market conditions. Boardwalk posted a strong quarter as its contribution to our income from continuing operations increased from $11 million in Q4 2014 to $19 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Boardwalks net operating revenues were up 10% in the quarter and its expenses were essentially flat, resulting in a significant increase in its net income. Several factors drove Boardwalks revenue increase, including the Gulf South rate case, the Evangeline Pipeline being back in service and growth projects coming online. Loews Hotels contributed a slight loss to our income from continuing operations in the fourth quarter. The companys net income was hampered by an impairment charge on a joint venture equity interest in a hotel property as well as by hotel opening expenses, higher depreciation, losses posted at certain recently acquired properties and some unusual tax items. Remember that for acquired properties, there is typically a transitioned period as the property becomes a Loews branded hotel. Loews Hotels adjusted EBITDA, which is disclosed in our earnings snapshot, increased from $35 million in Q4 of 2014 to $38 million in Q4 2015. Let me now turn to a brief discussion of the full year. CNA and Diamond accounted for the bulk of the year-over-year earnings decline, with reduced parent company investment income also contributed to the decline. CNA contributed $433 million to our income from continuing operations in 2015, down from $802 million in 2014. Included in these results are after-tax realized investment losses of $34 million in 2015 versus realized investment gains of $32 million in 2014. Unusual items figured prominently in the year-over-year decline. The fourth quarter long-term care reserve charge and accounting change and the second quarter retroactive reinsurance charge combined to reduce CNAs earnings contribution by $237 million in 2015. In 2014, unusual items reduced CNAs earnings contribution by $30 million, resulting in a $207 million year-on-year negative swing. Absent unusual items, CNAs net operating income was down 12% in 2015. Key drivers of this NOI decline were significantly lower LP income, slightly lower non-cat accident year underwriting income and higher operating losses in the Life & Group segment, caused largely by adverse morbidity in the long-term care business. Partially offsetting the decline was higher favorable net prior year development. Diamond contributed $156 million loss of our income from continuing operations in 2015 whereas in 2014, it contributed an income of $183 million. During 2015, Diamond booked $870 million of pretax asset impairment and restructuring charges, which reduced Loews income from continuing operations by $344 million. Additionally, earlier in 2015, Loews wrote off $20 million of goodwill associated with Diamond. In 2014, Diamonds asset impairments reduced Loews after-tax income by $55 million. Absent the impairment and restructuring charges and goodwill write-offs, Diamonds contribution to our income from continuing operations declined by $30 million to $208 million, reflecting the substantial decline in revenues from pure rigs operating. Boardwalk pipelines contribution income from continuing operations rose to $74 million in 2015 from the prior years $18 million, while strong operating results helped. The biggest driver of the year-over-year increase was the write-off in 2014 of capitalized cost associated with the terminated project, which reduced Loews 2014 income from continuing operations by $55 million. Loews Hotels contributed $12 million to our 2015 income, up from $11 million in 2014. Profitability was hampered by the results at a few recently acquired hotels and hotels with operational challenges. On the other hand, numerous properties, including the properties at the Universal Orlando Resort, were up nicely versus 2014. Adjusted EBITDA for Loews Hotels is up 29% year-over-year to $158 million. For the full year, parent company after-tax investment income was down from $63 million in 2014 to $16 million in 2015, reflecting lower performance of equities and alternatives. As a Jim mentioned at year end, cash and investments totaled $4.3 billion as compared to $4.8 billion at the end of September and $5.1 billion at the end of 2014. Jim already mentioned our substantial share repurchases during Q4 and the full year, but let me reiterate. During the fourth quarter, we spent $632 million, repurchasing 17 million shares. For the full year, we bought back 33.3 million shares for a total of $1.26 billion. This represents just under 9% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of 2015. Thus far, during 2016, we have repurchased 919,000 additional shares. During the fourth quarter, we received $83 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, $61 million from CNA, $9 million from Diamond and $13 million from Boardwalk. During all of 2015, we received $816 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, up from $782 million in 2014. As Jim mentioned today, CNA declared a $2 per share special dividend, which is in addition to its regular $0.25 per share quarterly dividend. Combining the two, Loews expects to receive $545 million in dividends from CNA this quarter. Let me now hand the call back to Jim.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we proceed to our Q&A, let me review why I am confident about the long-term prospects of each of our businesses. CNA has improved its underwriting performance and paid significant dividends to shareholders, while maintaining its strong capital position. Diamond is in a tough market. And although we cant predict when its market will turnaround Diamond is ready to weather the storm. Its been conserving its financial resources and maintaining its position as the strongest offshore drilling company in terms of finance, innovation and leadership. Hopefully, during these challenging times for the offshore drilling industry, Diamond will be able to add productive rate assets at attractive valuations. Boardwalk has made smart capital decisions that should allow us to fund its announced growth projects without having to issue equity in 2016. And Loews Hotels continues to grow its chain steadily with an eye towards profitability. Whether confronting headwinds or aided by tailwinds Loews strategic imperative remains the same creating value for shareholders over the long-term. And now, I would like to turn the call back to Mary Skafidas.
Mary Skafidas: Thanks, Jim. Kristin, we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of our call. Could you please give participants the instructions on how they can participate?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Good morning, everyone.
Jim Tisch: Good morning.
Josh Shanker: So, my first question, I guess a Boardwalk question. I would like to talk about the investment cycle versus the distribution cycle. And how you think about  how long Boardwalk will invest and when you might be seeing dividend begin to increase?
Jim Tisch: So, as you know, Boardwalk right now has about $1.6 billion of investments that its funding. Hopefully this year, it will find more attractive projects to do. It is also working to bring down its ratio of debt to EBITDA and its been very successful with that this past year in 2015. It would be very nice for Boardwalk to be able to increase its distribution. And by the way, Loews would be the biggest beneficiary of such an increase. But Boardwalk will not do that until such time as it has the distributable cash flow available to it and total access to markets in order that the dividend could be increased responsibly. I cannot give you a date for when thats going to happen. But even without the dividend, we believe that the management of Boardwalk is building tremendous value with these new projects that its embarked upon.
Josh Shanker: So Jim, I am not asking for a date so much, but in Board level meetings, is there a general census that there is an investment stage followed by a distribution stage? And is it part of a cycle or is this very Boardwalk specific?
Jim Tisch: I think this is Boardwalk specific. You are asking about whats going on in the Boardwalk Board meeting. I am not a Board member there and I think you should ask the management of Boardwalk that.
Josh Shanker: Thats very reasonable. Hotels, I noticed that the earnings power is much stronger in the first half of the year. As you grow, is there a seasonality to earnings?
Jim Tisch: Yes, there are some modest seasonalities, but we also have a pretty balanced portfolio, so that when city hotels may not be doing well, then, for example, over Christmas, then resort hotels do, do well. But overall, there isnt dramatic seasonality to the business.
Josh Shanker: So in terms of  I am not really asking - some modeling questions thinking what looks like seasonality for 2015 could totally be less apparent in 2016?
David Edelson: Yes. I think what you are saying is more the impact of pre-opening expenses at hotels, a new hotel coming in and ramping up, etcetera, less seasonality.
Josh Shanker: Okay, that makes sense. And then I think in the past, you said back in the financial crisis, public equities got cheap, but private equity never got cheap enough to act on new investments the way you like. You are sitting on a lot of potentially optionality, I guess, with the cash you have. Do you have a market appetite? And are you looking at private equity or public equity saying this is a market for Loews and I would like to make something happen in the next 12 months, 18 months? I dont know, how do you think about that?
Jim Tisch: We look at whats available to buy. A lot of the assets that become  companies that become available to buy, especially in the strike zone that we are looking at are owned by private equity firms. And those companies, those firms have the ability to time when they want to sell their assets. So, one would think that right now prices of companies that private equity firms might want to sell are coming down, because the financing markets have become so much more expensive. But in fact, what we are seeing is not too much thats on the market. In fact because now its not a particularly attractive time to be selling those businesses. If the financial markets that we have today continue for another several quarters, then its entirely possible that we could see assets that come on the market that could be attractively priced.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Well, good luck in finding something. We would love to see it.
Jim Tisch: In the meantime though, we spent $1.3 billion repurchasing our shares. So that was a significant use of our cash over 2015.
Josh Shanker: I understand there is more of them available.
Jim Tisch: Yes.
Josh Shanker: Take care. Thank you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Capital.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning Loews. Quick numbers question, what was the impairment in hotels?
David Edelson: It was  it hit by $3 million after-tax.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. Question two, on the CNA call, when I asked them about partnerships, their partnerships were down about $400 million year-over-year and they said they have been selling ahead of this market weakness, reducing partnerships and would continue to reduce, reflecting sort of a cautious view on equities in that sort of asset class. I was wondering if  I assume thats consistent with or perhaps even driven by your outlook, then maybe you could expand on that strategy and where you are and with the market down 10% year-to-date?
Jim Tisch: Sure. CNA manages its risk assets very carefully because CNA wants to make sure that risk assets do not become too big a percentage of its equity. And additionally, Loews in helping to manage those assets for CNA also is seeing attractive risk investments beyond the hedge fund market. So for example, if you look at bank loans that are available in the marketplace, there has been a tremendous sell-off in many names that now to us are seemingly good investments. So the move out of hedge funds was made in order to make room for additional risk assets that CNA can acquire that we think will be more attractive investments than the hedge funds have been. For the past 20 years, hedge funds have been a very, very attractive investment of risk assets. And what we are seeing now is just that there are other places where we can invest and get good returns.
Bob Glasspiegel: I would love to go back to the transcript, I thought they had said they had a cautious view towards equities before the sell-off and we are likely to continue the reduced exposure to equities, but that doesnt square necessarily within and you publicly wanted to say about equities at this point?
Jim Tisch: So actually my comment was pretty consistent with that. I was talking about attractive investments that we are seeing in the bank loan and fixed income markets. And listen, from my own personal point of view, the more equities go down, the more attractive they get. So at Loews, as the stock market has been going down, we have been modestly increasing our exposure to equities.
Bob Glasspiegel: Got it. You have been right on sort of your macro views the economy is going to grow gradually and slowly and positively as far as I could see it, I think whats your comment originally 5 years ago and is that  are you still in that camp?
Jim Tisch: I am. I am doing better than a stopped clock. A stopped clock is right twice a day. My 2% forecast for the economy has been right for 5 years, so why I change it now?
Bob Glasspiegel: Well, there are people a little bit nervous about some more risks and out there and beyond energy, European credit, but these...?
Jim Tisch: There is a lot to be worried about in the world. But I also think that those of us that are on Wall Street can sometimes be overwhelmed by the problems that we see on the horizon. And I think from time-to-time, its important to step back, take off your Wall Street glasses and put on industrial America glasses. And I think things dont look as bad when you look that  with that lens.
Bob Glasspiegel: No, I am in your camp, too. I just wanted to make sure you were still there. Thank you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Bob.
David Edelson: Thanks Bob.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman: So would you suggest or should investors rather than buying Diamond, for example, be buying crude and buying gas futures or crude futures I should say and gas futures rather than Boardwalk to get kind of a pure play and maybe quicker upside when and if there is upside?
Jim Tisch: I am not a registered rep. I dont give out the public investment advice. There are an awful lot of different ways to play what I think I and you are describing as the improvement in oil and natural gas prices. And it all depends on the risk parameters that you are willing to take, the amount of leverage that you want, a whole host of factors that I think its inappropriate for me to opine on right now.
Michael Millman: Does Loews at all invest in futures of this type?
Jim Tisch: Yes. In fact, yes Loews has plenty of exposure to crude oil and to gas through Boardwalk and as well through Diamond Offshore. And to the extent that those commodities go up in place for long enough, then we should see improvement in Diamonds business and hopefully an increase in Diamonds share price. And likewise, we should see improvements in Boardwalks business and its share price as well. Beyond that, yes, we have invested in some futures in the oil markets. We are sort of like the guy who ran for mayor, he said the rent is too damn low or too damn high, we say oil prices are too damn low. And so I believe that in a number of years, I am not making a prediction for the next number of months, but in the next number of years, we think that oil prices will be significantly higher than the levels we are at today.
Michael Millman: Okay, I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Jim Tisch: Pleasure.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our Q&A session for today. I would like to hand the program back over to Mary Skafidas for any closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Kristin. And thanks to all of you who dialed in and the joined us today. The replay will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes our call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director David B. Edelson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert R. Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Loews Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings snapshot, and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our securities filings for a reconciliation for the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Since I'm not in the habit of ignoring the elephant in the room, I want to start today's discussion by focusing on the stock prices of Loews and our subsidiaries. You certainly don't need me to tell you that the stock market performed terribly in the third quarter. Unfortunately, the stocks of our subsidiaries performed even worse. The S&P 500 was down about 7% in the third quarter, the Diamond was down more than 30%, Boardwalk was down 19%, and CNA was down 9%. Loews' share price was of course affected by these declines and performed on par with the S&P 500 for the quarter. In general, we believe that the stock market is undervaluing our shares and those of our subsidiaries. Despite being frustrated, rather than complain, we look at this as an opportunity to create value for Loews' shareholders by buying back our stock,, and we did. Our lemonade from lemons attitude will not come as a shock to those of you who know us. We were happy to buy back 8.7 million shares of Loews' stock in the third quarter. Year-to-date, we've spent over $750 million buying back more than 19.6 million shares. You might be asking yourself, why didn't we purchase more of our subsidiary shares directly? It's simple. As I mentioned, we believe that all of our subsidiaries' shares are currently undervalued in the market. When we purchased the Loews' shares, we were simultaneously buying all of our subsidiary shares at a conglomerate discount. So we focused the lion's share of our buybacks on Loews' stock to get what amounts to a double discount. Let me spend a few moments on what might be driving the decline in our subsidiary shares. For our energy subsidiaries, the drop in their share prices is a function of the headwinds facing their respective markets. Diamond's share price has moved in line its peer group. The entire offshore drilling industry had a miserable year in the stock market and the misery is ongoing. Unfortunately, the current fundamentals of the offshore drilling industry are lousy as well. Offshore drilling rig day rates have been driven down due to a trifecta of challenging market conditions, namely: one, the steep drop in oil prices; two, the reduction in oil companies' exploration and production budgets; and three, a wave of new rig deliveries that began about six years ago. These conditions have caused drilling contracts to be shortened, canceled or renegotiated, resulting in rigs being idled. Additionally, oil companies have deferred or cancelled new drilling projects. Even with day rates currently at less than half of their peak levels, oftentimes there are still no takers for the rigs. These circumstances have created a difficult backdrop for the offshore drilling industry, to say the least. Not to be lost in all of this, and despite the doom and gloom, Diamond did perform well this quarter, reporting strong earnings from their new drill ships with very little downtime and good cost management. Since the start of this down-cycle, I've been asked, is offshore drilling coming back? My answer is an unequivocal yes. By some estimates, offshore oil production supplies up to 30% of the world's oil. This is a significant percentage that cannot be replaced by conventional onshore drilling or shale production. I believe that the lack of drilling now will sow the seeds for an oil price recovery later. When prices rise, which they will, Diamond's customers will return to exploring for new sources of production. And while Diamond is mostly being affected by the cyclical downturn in the offshore drilling market, with its conservative capitalization, strong liquidity position and the added bonus that all of its six generation rigs are contracted, I'm confident that the company will be able to weather this cycle and emerge well-positioned for the rebound. Turning to Boardwalk, their stock was down, but somewhat less than the Alerian Index, which is a composite of energy infrastructure Master Limited Partnerships. The Index took a 25% nosedive in the third quarter as investors became concerned about ML distribution growth rates, or, as I like to call it, the MLP treadmill. This is the very same treadmill that Boardwalk stepped off of about a year ago, allowing its management team to focus on positioning the company for long-term growth and profitability. This longer horizon strategy has allowed Boardwalk to take advantage of the changing supply and demand dynamics in the natural gas market, by connecting its network of natural gas pipeline and storage assets to new end-use markets without the dilutive effects of significant share issuance at low prices. Boardwalk's focus has been on developing organic growth projects backed by long-term contracts. These projects promise to be great investments and are expected to provide Boardwalk with an unlevered double-digit rate of return on assets as they are completed over the next two years to four years. Even though the industry is in transition and the stock price is low, we're bullish about Boardwalk's long-term prospects. Finally, let's take a look at CNA. The company's stock is down a bit more than the 6% decline of its peer group. CNA had a solid third quarter. And to my mind, there does not seem to be a correlation between stock price and performance here. CNA's strategy continues to be to deliver improved underwriting margins and its commercial business is the strongest it's been in years. While positive developments in the core P&C business were offset somewhat by reduced performance in the limited partnership portfolio, the underlying business is very strong. Before I turn the call over to our CFO, David Edelson, I want to reiterate why we remain positive on the long-term prospects of each of our subsidiaries. CNA is stronger than it's ever been. Its specialty business has always been a top performer and is the envy of the insurance industry, while its commercial business has shown tremendous improvement and there is still room for more. As for Diamond Offshore, to say that it's operating in a very tough environment is an understatement. However, we've seen this movie before and we know how it ends. That's why Diamond has maintained a strong balance sheet and worked hard to secure long-term contracts for its newbuild rigs. There is no doubt that the company will weather the storm and hopefully growing the process. Boardwalk has been able to capitalize on the changing supply and demand dynamics of the natural gas industry. The company is developing significant organic growth projects with outstanding rates of returns that will be coming online in the next several years. And finally, Loews Hotels and Resorts has successfully focused on profitable growth and operational excellence. From 2012 through 2015, the hotel chain added eight hotels across the country. These additions have contributed positively to adjusted EBITDA. It's a trend that we hope to see continue. At Loews, our actions are guided by our responsibility to our shareholders and our focus on creating long-term value. The strategies employed and steps taken by each of our subsidiaries have the same motivations and goals. So while our stock and those of our subsidiaries maybe out of favor among some, you won't find us complaining. Rather, you're more likely to find us repurchasing Loews' stock and creating value for all of our shareholders. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David B. Edelson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. In this year's third quarter Loews reported income from continuing operations of $182 million or $0.50, up slightly from $179 million or $0.47 per share in the third quarter of 2014. The favorable year-over-year variance stem from higher quarterly net income at Diamond and Boardwalk, as well as higher net operating income at CNA. Offsetting these positive factors were realized investment losses at CNA versus realized gains in the prior-year. On a net income basis, this year's third quarter was down from last year as last year's third quarter contained a gain from discontinued operations to reduce the previously-recognized impairment charge from the sale of HighMount. For the nine months ended September 30, income from continuing operations was $461 million or a $1.25 per share, down from $747 million or $1.94 per share in the prior year. Diamond and CNA drove the decrease along with lower parent company investment income. Diamond booked rig impairments in both years with significantly larger impairments in 2015 than in 2014. Additionally, Diamond's rig operating income declined in 2015 because of reduced rig utilization, especially for the mid-water fleet, along with higher depreciation and interest expense. Numerous offsetting items impacted CNA's year-over-year, year-to-date comparison including lower LP income in 2015, a retroactive reinsurance charge in 2015, but not in 2014, higher favorable net prior development in 2015 than in 2014, and several other items. The net of all these was a year-over-year income decline. Year-to-date, net income was up 20%. Last year's results included a $364 million after tax loss from discontinued operations attributable to the HighMount disposition and CNA sale of its Life business. We ended this past quarter with book value per share of $52.52, total shareholders' equity of $18.7 billion, and parent company cash and investments of $4.8 billion against debt of $1.7 billion. Let me now delve more deeply into our quarterly earnings. CNA contributed $190 million to our third quarter income before realized investment results, up from $164 million last year. Note that last year's third quarter included a $31 million hit to CNA's earnings contribution associated with the sale of its Life business. CNA benefited in Q3 from improved accident year underwriting results and higher net favorable prior year development. The company's combined ratio before catastrophes and development in its core P&C business improved almost one point to 95.5%. Favorable prior year development lowered the calendar year combined ratio to 85.7%, a 10.4 point improvement from last year's third quarter. It's encouraging to see CNA continuing its year-over-year improvement in underwriting margin. On a year-to-date basis, CNA posted a 94.3% calendar year combined ratio. Excluding development and catastrophe losses, the ratio was slightly higher at 95.9%. Again, both of these represented real improvement from the prior year. The strong increase in CNA's P&C underwriting profit in Q3 was partially offset by a loss on limited partnership investments, which CNA maintains in its portfolio to provide equity-like returns with less volatility. This loss reduced CNA's profit contribution to Loews by $54 million versus the positive contribution of $17 million last year, a $71 million after-tax year-to-year swing. Further reducing CNA's contribution to Q3 net income were realized investment losses of $29 million after tax compared to $24 million of after tax gains in Q3 2014. These losses were largely other than temporary impairments taken to give CNA the flexibility to sell certain securities Diamond's contribution to income from continuing operations was $47 million, up from $25 million for the same period last year. Two unusual items obscure the year-over-year comparison. In last year's third quarter, Diamond impaired the carrying value of six rigs, which reduced its earnings contribution by $55 million. In this year's third quarter, we wrote off $20 million of goodwill on Loews' books associated with Diamond. Excluding these two unusual charges, earnings decreased modestly. Contract drilling revenues fell 18% as the revenue increases from ultra deepwater and deepwater rigs failed to offset the lost revenue from mid-water and jack-up rigs. The company's rigorous expense management program brought contract drilling expenses down almost as much as the decline in contract drilling revenues. But depreciation and interest expense were up year-over-year, reflecting the delivery of the last two new build drill ships. Diamond's management is working hard to manage expenses and optimize the operating performance of its fleet during this difficult period in the offshore drilling market. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to income from continuing operations was $18 million in Q3 2015 as opposed to $8 million in Q3 2014. Boardwalk's net operating revenues were up, with growth projects, the Evangeline Pipeline, and the Gulf South rate case all contributing. This uptick in revenues outpaced expense increases including higher depreciation and interest expense. Additionally, at the Loews level, we benefited in the third quarter from a $6 million after tax franchise tax refund related to Boardwalk. Loews and Boardwalk have a subordinated loan agreement in place under which Boardwalk can borrow up to $300 million at any time until the end of December. Boardwalk has not yet drawn under the agreement. We have agreed to extend the agreement to make the proceeds available to Boardwalk through year-end 2016. Loews Hotels' contribution to income from continuing operations was $2 million during the third quarter, up from a minimal contribution last year. Adjusted EBITDA was $30 million, down slightly from the prior year quarter. Adjusted EBITDA during Q3 was hurt by results in our wholly-owned hotels, particularly in our New York and Coronado properties. Notably, the four joint venture hotels at the Universal Orlando Resort continue to perform strongly, as did numerous other properties. The parent company portfolio posted an after tax loss of $22 million in the third quarter, driven by losses incurred on equities in limited partnership investments, including gold-related investments. As a reminder, cash and equivalents make up about 70% of this $4.8 billion portfolio. We received $83 million in dividends from our subsidiaries in the quarter, $61 million from CNA, $9 million from Diamond, and $13 million from Boardwalk. During the first nine months of the year, we received $733 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, up from $647 million for the same period in 2014. During 2015. we have repurchased 19.6 million shares of Loews' common stock, over 5% of our beginning of year shares outstanding. We repurchased 7.6 million shares in the first half, 8.7 million shares during the third quarter, and 3.3 million shares thus far in Q4. In total, we have spent $753 million on share repurchase this year. And with that, I will now hand the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations: Thank you, David. Jackie, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Robert R. Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning, Loews. Jimmy, that's the most optimistic and open about valuation considerations for your subsidiaries. And I don't think you've ever before on a call, correct me if I'm right, foreshadowed that you might buy back stock for Loews if current valuations continue. In the past, you've had no common attitude about share repurchases and rarely you've ever commented that you thought subsidiary prices were cheap. What's driven the change in disclosure on buyback?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: First of all, there is no change in disclosure. And secondly, I don't know that there was any foreshadowing. I was commenting about what happened in the third quarter and what's been happening this year. I was expressing some of my frustration with valuation of Loews and our subsidiaries. And I want to make clear, do not confuse frustration with complaining. While I'm frustrated, I also consider this a golden opportunity. And I think we've taken plenty of advantage of it having repurchased over $750 million worth of our stock this year. But I caution you not to take what I said as foreshadow. Yes, I think the prices of our subsidiaries are depressed, but I don't know what that's necessarily going to mean in terms of our share repurchases going forward. We have lots of options. We consider  every day, we think about whether or not we want to buy shares, and there are always competing uses for our money. So we think about it and we can  as I think you know from our past experience, we can turn on a dime.
Robert R. Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: I appreciate that. But I would still think from my experience listening to these calls, that was the most aggressive you've been in characterizing where the valuation of the subsidiaries are versus the sense of value?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, one other thing I should add. The share price declines of both Diamond as well as Boardwalk were nothing short of spectacular. So, two out of three of our subsidiaries had very bad share price performance during the third quarter. And as I said at the outset, that was the elephant in the room and I wanted to address it.
Robert R. Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Fair points. Thanks for your answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, if I calculate declared dividend yields on the various properties, you guys are generating about $350 million in cash to the parents each year. But I assume that there is a high probability that CNA does another special, let's just say that gets up to $500 million, $600 million. When you're thinking about share repurchases, since you have plenty of cash and you have competing uses, how do you think about how much you're willing to deploy to buyback your own stock. What is the sort of difference, I guess, tethers that you wrestle with?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, this year  I don't know where your numbers came from, let me give you mine. So, this year, we'll have about $800 million of cash flow from our subsidiaries and we've spent $750 million of that. We started the year with I think north of $5 billion in cash. And right now we have about $4.8 billion. So  and we like to maintain a minimum of, say, $1.5 million to $2 million  $1.5 billion to $2 billion at least. So we see that we've got cash flow coming-in in the form of dividend and we have $3 billion of capital that can used for lots of different purposes. Share repurchases, investments in our subsidiaries, a new business or as I like to say, if there is nothing to do, we'll do nothing with it.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And what is the principal security that four-point-some-billion-dollars that's sitting. Is that in treasuries? Where is that right now?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, there is about I guess $400 million to $500 million in stocks and another $900 million-or-so in hedge funds of one sort or another, and then the rest is in money market instruments of one sort or another that are paying us very, very little.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And in terms of the  I assume that obviously you can get that cash tomorrow. You're not selling stocks or the hedge fund positions in order to finance your repurchases, or maybe you are?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, we're not. But the equity positions, as you all know, could be liquidated rather quickly. And with respect to our hedge funds, that portfolio was designed in part to be able to be liquidated over a number of quarters.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And I feel it will never be a full conference call without a hotel question.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Go for it.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. So, when you look at the map and you think about the network effects for business travelers, who need a  who want to be in a hotel network that has critical mass in all the major cities, how many more hotels do you need to be competitive from that perspective of a loyalty program?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I would say a handful of hotels. I think that we've done  over the past four years or five years, we've covered a lot of the map with Boston, Washington, Chicago, we have two, Minneapolis and San Francisco. So, we've come a long way. There are  there are other cities that we'd like to be in. We're moving forward on plans to develop some hotels and we're looking to acquire others. So there's still room to go, but we're hard at work on it.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And can you rank preference for buying a hotel outright, getting into a JOA or just doing the management of the property?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Listen, I like capital light. So, management is always number one, but with management, you don't control the asset, and in some ways, you don't control your own fate. A partnership is the next best thing because that's not capital light, but it's capital lighter, so that we don't have to put up all the money for the hotel. And the third alternative is for us to buy 100% of the hotel, which we have done a number of times. What we look to do when we buy 100% of a hotel is that over the next one year to two years we look to sell down a percentage interest in that hotel so we don't have as much cash invested in the property.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Well, thank you for all the answers. And good luck in the days to come.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. Can you give us an idea, maybe a rough idea of what kind of growth you expect, say, in the next two years, next five years in Loews?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In Loews Corp?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: In the total value of earnings of Loews Corp, yes.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know, Michael, I'm pleased to say that we don't make forecasts for our business. So, I can't really respond to you. What we talk about more than earnings is value and we talk about that over three years to five years. And let me just say, I would be disappointed if the value of Loews did not increase significantly over that time period.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Would you care to define significantly?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. But I know it when I see it.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: One of those...
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: And so, maybe looking at this with more of a magnifying glass is where  can you rank the contributions from your current subs and maybe future subs?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, when you say contributions, what do you mean exactly?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: What I mean is, right now, roughly I guess CNA represents kind of two-thirds of valuation and going down a list?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, let me take a stab and tell me if I answered your question. So, CNA is the big gorilla in the room. CNA as you correctly say represents two-thirds of the value of Loews. And also generates probably  this past year, it generated 80% or 85% of our cash flow. Behind that are Boardwalk and Diamond Offshore. I would say that both are recuperating. Diamond Offshore, as you know, cut its dividend so that it could get off of the MLP treadmill. Cut that distribution in January and has been able to finance its growth with primarily internally generated funds, and as I said in my remarks, has very good growth prospects going forward. We're looking forward to that $1.5 billion of organic growth coming online. There is still more organic growth that they're hoping to put on the books. So even though Boardwalk doesn't  isn't paying out significant dividends, it is building its business and its network, and we're really very pleased with that. At Diamond Offshore, it is the strongest company in its industry. It has investment grade ratings, it's got cash available to it to invest, and it's just waiting for the opportune time to invest in more rig assets. Diamond Offshore, as you will recall, between 2006 and 2014 paid out $41 a share of dividend. So to Loews Corporation that represented almost $3 billion. And there was a time when instead of Diamond stock being $20 a share, it were seven times higher. So it represented very significant value to Loews. Now, I'm not predicting that Diamond is going to go back to $140 anytime soon. But I do think that in the fullness of time and once this oil cycle has played itself out and oil prices are back to where I would considered to be equilibrium prices that Diamond Offshore shares can improve as well. And then finally, I'd say that with respect to Loews Hotels, it doesn't have a lot of earnings, but it does have a lot of value. The hotels in our portfolio, many of them are the envy of a lot of people in the hotel business. And the goal of Loews Hotels is to continue building the value of the company. As I said, it may be difficult for you to see in the form of net income. We do show adjusted EBITDA as a measure to help give you some ability to get value of the business. But I'd simply end by saying that  as I've said before, I love all my children, I love all our businesses, and I think each one of them is doing well within the context of their industry.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So, it's no mention of maybe the using  using your metaphor  to adopt any new children?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're always looking to do that. But right now, I can't love a child that I haven't yet adopted.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So would you think that there is more opportunity now than there has been in the last several years?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: To buy another business?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Yes.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I think right now, things are generally priced for perfection. And as I continuously say, we kick a lot of tires, but we just haven't found the right thing.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: That was our final question. And now, I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mary Skafidas for any additional or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations: Great. Thank you, Jackie, and thank you all for your continued interest in Loews. The replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call conference.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director David B. Edelson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert R. Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Michael Bunyaner - TLF Capital LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President, Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings snapshot, and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our securities filings for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. I hope you've had a chance to look at our press release, which was distributed earlier this morning. David Edelson, our CFO will provide details on our second quarter earnings later in this call. What you would have noticed without the help of our release, however, and what I want to acknowledge upfront, is the significant decline in the share prices of Diamond Offshore and Boardwalk Pipeline Partners. Since last quarter's remarks, Diamond's share price has declined by nearly 35% and Boardwalk's by about 20%. While we're certainly not happy with these declines as shareholders and as capital allocators, our job is to look ahead assess future opportunities for Diamond and Boardwalk. Yes, the equity markets are currently punishing their stocks and those of their peers. But as we look to the future, we're positive about Diamond and its customers' needs to pursue offshore drilling programs. And we believe the changing gas laws (02:57) in the U.S. combined with the renaissance of U.S. manufacturing and the transition from coal to gas-powered generation bode well for Boardwalk. Both Diamond and Boardwalk are focusing on taking strategic actions in order to better position themselves for future growth. And both companies certainly have the financial strength to undertake these actions. I suspect you're wondering, if Loews intends to buy Diamond and Boardwalk shares at these depressed prices. As those of you who've been listening to our calls for any amount of time know, with regard to share purchases, we let our actions speak for themselves and we will do so again today. What I can tell you is that, since April 1, we have repurchased 9.1 million shares of Loews common stocks for $360 million; and that, year-to-date, we have repurchased 10.9 million shares for $432 million. While we don't publicly announce our share repurchase plans, we have talked about how we think about buybacks. And that thinking hasn't changed. We've always believed that repurchasing our shares at prices below intrinsic value enhances the long-term value of Loews' common stock. And from the put your money where your mouth is department, our recent actions certainly show that we believe our shares are a good value. Now, let's take a look at each of our businesses. CNA's earnings comparisons during the second quarter was affected by a number of one-time items, which David will explain shortly. Operationally, however, CNA continues to make progress in improving its underwriting results. Year-to-date through the second quarter, the company's loss ratio, excluding catastrophe losses and prior-year development, were 61.7% compared to 62.8% for the full-year 2014 and 63.8% for the full-year 2013, a 2-percentage point improvement over two years. A key driver of CNA's improved underwriting performance is its focus on deepening its industry-specific technical expertise. CNA's targeted growth efforts in specific consumer-focused segments such as technology, professional services, and financial institutions allow CNA to more accurately assess and price risk. Additionally, CNA continues to manage risk and volatility across the company and maintains a very strong capital position. Although, there's more work to be done, we believe CNA has made great strides and is positioned well for better and more consistent underwriting profitability. Turning to Diamond Offshore. Despite stiff headwinds, the company had a good quarter, primarily due to the expense controls that were put in place last year. Even as the competitive environment for the offshore drilling industry continues to be adversely affected by the trifecta of a steep drop in oil prices, a reduction in E&P budgets, and a wave of new rig deliveries, Diamond's marketing efforts have paid off. The company recently signed an agreement with Woodside Petroleum for its newly rebuilt Ocean Apex to drill in Australia. This is an 18-month contract beginning in the first half of 2016 at a rate of $285,000 per day. Additionally, Diamond has taken delivery of the Ocean BlackLion, the last of its new drillships. The Ocean BlackLion will be mobilized to the Gulf of Mexico and should be working  begin working for Hess before the end of this year. Diamond's ultra deepwater harsh environment semi-submersible, the Ocean GreatWhite, is scheduled to join the fleet in 2016 and has an initial three-year contract with BP in South Australia. As a reminder, all four of Diamond's sixth generation drillships and the Ocean GreatWhite are contracted into 2019 and 2020. We have no doubt that Diamond will withstand this tough cyclical downturn. We hope and expect that the company will find opportunities to take advantage of these market conditions to profitably grow its fleet. Moving on to Boardwalk, the U.S. shale revolution has been a transformative force in Boardwalk's business. Increased shale production has disrupted natural gas flows and created re-contracting challenges for Boardwalk and for the rest of the industry. More recently, however, the shale revolution has opened the door to a number of organic growth opportunities. In fact, Boardwalk has been able to secure an impressive $1.6 billion in organic growth projects since 2014. Over the past few years, the growth of low cost gas production in the U.S. has unleashed an abundant supply of natural gas liquids, precipitating a rapid expansion of petrochemical manufacturing along the Gulf Coast; and Boardwalk Louisiana Midstream, our natural gas liquids transportation and storage company, is benefiting from this industrial expansion. The increased demand from Louisiana's industrial corridor has also been a boon for Boardwalk's Gulf South natural gas pipeline. The natural gas that Gulf South transports to Louisiana's petrochemical plants not only powers them, but also serves as a building block for the products they produce. With the company's recent agreement to service Sasol's new ethane cracker and with the addition of the Evangeline Pipeline late last year, Boardwalk continues to focus on growing its natural gas liquids and dry gas service offerings to capitalize on burgeoning petrochemical demand in Louisiana. And last, but certainly not least, let's turn to Loews Hotels. Loews Hotels posted another good quarter. Over the past few years, our hotel company has successfully focused on profitable growth and operational excellence. From 2012 to 2015, Loews Hotels added eight hotels across the country. These additions to the hotel network have contributed positively to adjusted EBITDA. The company currently has one hotel under construction, the Loews Sapphire Falls Resort, its fifth hotel in Orlando which is scheduled to open in 2016. When it opens, the 1,000-room hotel will result in our having 5,200 rooms in Orlando. Not to tempt the fate but our hotel investments in Orlando over the past 15 years rank very high in the pantheon of outstanding worldwide hotel investments. Before I turn the call over to David, I want to add that we have great confidence in the long-term prospect for each of our businesses. We recognize that diversification may mean that not all of our subsidiaries will be moving in the same direction at the same time. However, we have found that disciplined capital management, coupled with a diverse portfolio of businesses, is an exceptional way to create value over time. And now, over to you David.
David B. Edelson - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For this year's second quarter, Loews reported income from continuing operations of $170 million or $0.46 per share, down from $303 million or $0.79 per share in the second quarter of 2014. Lower earnings at CNA Financial drove the decline as well as reduced earnings from the parent company's investment portfolio, as I will discuss more fully unusual items affected the year-over-year earnings comparison at CNA. Our second quarter net income was up from last year. The second quarter of 2014 included after-tax losses from discontinued operations of $187 million attributable to our disposition of HighMount Exploration & Production. CNA Financial contributed $124 million to Loews' income from continuing operation in this year's second quarter as compared to $235 million in the second quarter of 2014. The year-over-year comparison wasn't nearly as negative as it first appears. Two unusual items accentuated the year-over-year decline. Last year, CNA's earnings contribution to Loews included a $50-million non-recurring benefit from a post-retirement medical plan curtailment. This year, CNA's earnings contribution was reduced by $49 million attributable to a retroactive reinsurance charge related to the loss portfolio transfer entered into by CNA and National Indemnity in 2010. As a reminder, the loss portfolio transfer provides CNA with $4 billion in reinsurance coverage for legacy, asbestos and environmental pollution liabilities. This quarter's charge resulted in a deferred retroactive reinsurance gain, which will be recognized back into CNA's earnings in future periods as losses are paid by National Indemnity under the loss portfolio transfer. These two unusual items comprise a $99 million year-over-year negative swing in CNA's contribution to Loews' net income. Other factors contributing to the earnings decline from CNA were lower income from the company's Life & Group segment as well as from limited partnership investments. Offsetting positives included favorable net prior-year development this quarter versus adverse development last year and better current accident year underwriting results, which Jim previously mentioned. Diamond Offshore contributed $45 million to income from continuing operations, up slightly when compared to its contribution of $42 million for the same period last year. Diamond's results reflect the cold stacking or sale of 16 rigs since the second quarter of 2014, offset in part by newbuild drill ships and other high-spec assets going to work. Contract drilling revenues were down 5%, but Diamond's expense control initiatives enabled it to reduce contract drilling expenses by 13%. Interest expense and depreciation were up versus prior year, however, because of the delivery of the newbuild assets. Bottom line, Diamond itself delivered second quarter 2015 net income essentially flat with prior year. As a reminder, we have increased our percentage ownership of Diamond from 51% to 53% since last year, which explains the higher net income contribution despite flat net income at Diamond. Boardwalk Pipeline contributed $12 million to income from continuing operations in the second quarter as compared to $17 million last year. While Boardwalk's operating revenues were up slightly, this increase was more than offset by higher costs including depreciation and interest expense. Boardwalk's transportation revenues were up because growth projects more than offset contract expirations. In addition, transportation revenues benefited from the ongoing Gulf South rate case and the receipt by Boardwalk of insurance proceeds related to a business interruption claim. Consistent with the first quarter, park and loan and storage revenues were down year-over-year. The timing of maintenance activities drove the increase in operation and maintenance expenses. Also, the prior-year quarter included a one-time benefit from a legal settlement. To date, Boardwalk has not drawn down on its $300 million subordinated loan agreement with Loews. We anticipate the company will draw the full $300 million by the end of 2015. Loews Hotels contributed $8 million to our second quarter income from continuing operations, up from $5 million last year. You will note a large jump in revenues from last year's second quarter. Loews Hotels has added five wholly-owned properties to the chain since second quarter 2014, which together with growth at existing wholly-owned hotels, accounts for the sizable revenue increase. Of course, the company's operating expenses, interest expense and depreciation, are also up for the same reason. The year-over-year growth in pre-tax and net income is attributable mainly to the joint venture hotels in Orlando, which continued to perform extremely well. Adjusted EBITDA, which you can find in the earnings snapshot posted on our website, was $55 million during the second quarter versus $32 million in the prior year. The five new wholly-owned properties, as well as Cabana Bay in Orlando, accounted for the preponderance of the increase. Turning to the parent company. After-tax investment income declined from $30 million in 2014 to $7 million in 2015, driven by reduced performance from equities and limited partnership investments. At quarter end, cash and investments totaled $5.1 billion as compared to $5.5 billion at the end of March. During the quarter, parent company cash was used to repurchase shares of Loews common stock and invest in Loews Hotels, which closed on the purchase of its San Francisco property and a 50% joint venture interest in its Atlanta property. We received $83 million in dividends from our subsidiaries in the quarter, which broke down as follows: $61 million from CNA, $9 million from Diamond, and $13 million from Boardwalk. During the first six months of the year, we received a total of $650 million in dividends from our subsidiaries compared to $512 million during the first half of 2014. As for returning capital to our shareholders, during the second quarter, we paid $23 million in cash dividends and spent $233 million buying back 5.8 million shares of our common stock. Subsequent to June 30, we have repurchased an additional 3.3 million shares for $127 million. In total, since January 1, 2015, we have spent $432 million repurchasing almost 3% of our common stock. I will now hand the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations: Thank you, David. Laurie, at this time, we would like to open up the call for questions. Could you please give instructions for asking questions to caller participants?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel of Janney.
Robert R. Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Good morning, Loews. Curious on the hotels. What would your thought process be on the pros and cons of bringing the hotel operation public given the nice growth in EBITDA. It seems like there's a pretty good story that might have interest with investors.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Bob, there's a good story, but we got to figure if that's good for Loews Corp. and also for Loews Hotels. And, right now, I think it just seems to us it doesn't make sense. So Loews Hotels is 100% owned and for the foreseeable future will stay that way.
Robert R. Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Why doesn't it make sense?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Because Loews finances  provides a lot of finance for Loews Hotels, which is much easier when it's 100% owned. Combined with the fact that, I don't know that there is a really great business purpose to take Loews Hotels public. Being public is a lot different than being owned privately. And at this point in time, the management of Loews Hotels is focused on growing their business and not on dealing with shareholders who are looking for growth or Lord knows what else.
Robert R. Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. On the Diamond side, is there anything  you bought some shares, I think, in the $30s, if I'm not mistaken, and have been sort of inactive as the stock has drifted down. Your thought process  are you at sort of where you want to be in that for now or could you be bigger if you wanted to be?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I love quoting myself. And as I said in my comments, we just don't comment on share purchases or repurchases.
Robert R. Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thought I'd give it a try. Thank you.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's okay, Bob. I'm going to give it a try, too. How you all doing?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So far so good.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So can you tell me a little bit about the difference in mentality between buying a Loews share versus buying a Boardwalk or a Diamond share?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There really isn't that much difference.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So would it just be  would it be which one is cheapest at the time that you make the decision, or  how do you  how would you negotiate that situation? Do you really want to increase ownership in something when you could just reduce your own share count? What are the types of discussions you have in that regard?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have  we discussed all those issues as well as lots of other issues. The overriding theme of all the issues though is what is in the best interest of Loews shareholders. So we factor a lot of different things in, and I don't really want to go into any detail about what those issues are, but like I said, the overriding question is what makes the most sense for our shareholders.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And in terms of  no, I'm just going to let it be, I'll take it Jim. Do you have any thoughts on Puerto Rico and whether there's any risk to you guys?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We do not have significant exposures to Puerto Rico. With respect to Puerto Rico, man, it seems to me that they could really use some action in Washington to allow them to make use of the bankruptcy code. Otherwise, I think it's going to be a real massive mess, because holdouts can just hold out, and I don't fully understand just yet how things will settle out.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Is there an opportunity for you in Puerto Rico or is it doing anything in the muni market to give you an opportunity to do something else?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right now, the muni market is priced pretty well from an issuer's perspective. I could see a situation where if muni investors get concerned about Puerto Rico, and then you add on top of that, they get concerned about certain state and municipality pension liabilities and you could see the retail investors start to move away from the municipal market; and if that happens, you could see possibly forced selling on behalf of mutual funds. And if that's the case, oftentimes they sell the good solid names because the gamier (23:57) names often don't have a bid. And so you could see a real decline in the municipal market as a result.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And have you seen any contagion with the full Puerto Rico thing? Have there  has it rippled through to anything that you hold that's completely unrelated?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. Not at all.
Josh D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Not at all. Okay. Well, thank you for all the questions and good luck.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Millman of Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. So  maybe this is impossible to answer, but where do you see oil prices, petroleum prices, going in the next five years? And in the long term, are we looking at different fuel sources?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So I'm glad you asked about five years instead of six months or one year, because five years, I think I might actually be able to give you a thoughtful answer. I would see that five years from now oil prices will be at least 50% higher than they currently are. That in order to find a barrel of oil today, it probably costs a minimum of $70 a barrel to get that marginal barrel of oil that's needed. My guess is, five years from now, it will be a bit higher than that. And I think what has to happen is, the world has  the world oil producers have to supply the 1 million barrels of growth, plus approximately 5 million barrels to replace the depletion from the world's productive capacity. So that 6 million barrels a day has to be found every year for the next five years, or about 30 million barrels of new production. In order for the world to be able to produce that, even with Iran coming back on to the market in the not too distant future, I think it will take significantly higher oil prices. And five years from now, I think it's certainly reasonable to think that the price will be $70, $75 or $80 a barrel. That doesn't account for another wild card, which is political instability. A lot of oil comes from the Middle East and we have  while we have political instability in the Middle East in certain places, we don't currently have that having a significant effect on oil production. But in the future, as we all know, anything can happen.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So it sounds like your assumptions are that we are going to need to replace the oil and doesn't suggest that maybe other things are replacing oil from gas to shale to non-petroleum-based products?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all, I think shale can continue its growth, but I don't know that it's going to be the panacea for oil production over the next five years. But right now, it looks like shale production in the United States  shale oil production in the United States has flattened out. And I think what we're seeing is that it will take higher prices to get shale production moving again. I think that offshore oil will be a big beneficiary, because in the future, 20% to 25% of our oil  of world oil production will have to come from offshore. And so, that actually makes me very positive when I think about Diamond Offshore.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: How much comes from offshore now?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: About 20%.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. Moving on, in five years, how much contribution or percent contribution to earnings will come from hotels?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The good news is we don't make forecast and I try not to make forward-looking statements about our businesses in any detail, so I'm not going to answer that.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So let me ask it in a non-detailed way, will it be greater than 10%?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't know. You're going to have to run your own numbers.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. Thank you.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bunyaner of TLF Capital. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Bunyaner - TLF Capital LLC: Yes. Good morning. Can you hear me?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Bunyaner - TLF Capital LLC: Just a follow-up question, the rig count or the supply, especially in the U.S., at least according to Baker Hughes, both of the horizontal rigs as well as gas rigs is down between 50% on the horizontal rigs, and I believe gas is down about 40-plus percent. How much more supply shrinkage do you think is necessary for the production to begin to really decline?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Supply shrinkage of  or utilization of drilling rigs?
Michael Bunyaner - TLF Capital LLC: Yes.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't know, because what we've seen over the years is tremendous improvement in efficiency of these drilling rigs. I don't have the numbers at my fingertips, but gas rigs, for example, are down dramatically from five years ago, yet gas production is up significantly. So I don't quite know what those numbers look like, or what the numbers are in answer to your question. I'd suggest you try asking the people at Baker Hughes or Halliburton who would have a much better idea of what that is.
Michael Bunyaner - TLF Capital LLC: Thank you. What do you think is a probability of the law changing where the United States will allow the export of oil?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, I'm not much of a political analyst. For me, it's a great amateur sport.
Michael Bunyaner - TLF Capital LLC: Right.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: But I would say, my guess is, there is a pretty good chance that they're going to get the proverbial ball over the goal line this year and allow for the exportation of oil from the United States. From my perspective, it certainly makes a lot of sense. Right now, we have a system that favors the refiners by making available to them oil at very cheap prices, because it can't be exported. And instead, the refiners are exporting 3 million barrels to 4 million barrels a day of refined products. So all we're doing with our current system is subsidizing refineries and penalizing oil producers.
Michael Bunyaner - TLF Capital LLC: One last one from me. What was the cash  the corporate cash at the end of the quarter on the balance sheet?
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: About $5.1 billion.
Michael Bunyaner - TLF Capital LLC: Thank you so much and good luck with the rest of the year.
James S. Tisch - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Now I'll turn the call to Mary Skafidas for any additional or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas - Vice President-Investor & Public Relations: Thanks, Laurie, and thank you all for your continued interest in Loews. The replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. If any of you have additional follow-up calls, please call me directly at 212-521-2788. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Loews second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President of Investor and Public Relations Jim Tisch - President and CEO David Edelson - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President, Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Lori, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Loews Corporation's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings press release, our earnings PowerPoint snapshot and Company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch. Jim?
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on our call today. I hope that you all had a chance to look at our press release, which was distributed earlier this morning. Loews reported income from continuing operations for the first quarter of $109 million compared to $265 million in the first quarter of 2014. The quarter's results were significantly impacted by an impairment charge at Diamond Offshore of $158 million after-tax related to the carrying value of eight of its older drilling rigs. David Edelson, our CFO will provide more details on the charge and key earnings drivers later in the call. I want to start today by looking at Loews $5.5 billion of cash and investments. Obviously, this is a lot of cash but that's nothing out of the ordinary for Loews. Over the years, maintaining a sizeable liquidity position has given us the freedom to deploy our capital opportunistically in order to create value for our shareholders over the long term. We've done this by using our cash to invest in our subsidiaries to add new businesses, and to repurchase our shares. Let's briefly examine each of these levers. Two subsidiaries we've provided funding for over the year - over the last few years have been Boardwalk and Loews Hotels. At Boardwalk when attractive capital markets funding has not been available or inflexible forms of financing are required, Loews has stepped in and provided bridge financing. We work closely with Boardwalk's management team to hone the financing plans and our cash position enables us to utilize parent company capital and projects with attractive risk adjusted returns for both Loews and Boardwalk. At Loews' hotels over the past six months, the parent company has invested approximately $300 million to finance hotel acquisitions. Some of these investment have been in the form of equity bridge financing which we anticipate will be returned as Loews' hotels brings in outside equity partners. We like this model and we intend to use it going forward to acquire additional hotels. In addition to enabling us to invest in our subsidiaries, a high level of liquidity allows us to move quickly and decisively when considering an acquisition at the holding company level. We are actively seeking to diversify our portfolio of businesses but we don't want to rush into a deal simply because we have the funds available. Current valuations for companies and assets don't lend themselves to the kind of equity returns we want. We are looking for the right deal at the right price, either a company with good cash-on-cash returns and strong secular growth trends or distressed undervalued assets at an advantageous entry point in the cycle. And finally, let's not forget about share repurchases which remain an important wave of Loews creates values for shareholders. On our call last November, I discussed in detail the various metrics we use when considering share repurchases decisions including the sum of the parts calculation. Over the last year, Loews spent almost $700 million of its cash buying back almost $16 million shares. As we have said before, money doesn't burn a hole in our pockets. While we acknowledge that cash can be a drag on Loews short term returns, we feel that having the flexibility to be opportunistic and not rely on financing markets has served our shareholders very well over the long term. Now let's look at some highlights from our subsidiaries. Let's start with Diamond Offshore. Loews has been in the offshore drilling business for more than 25 years. In that time, we have learned one thing with absolute certainty, offshore drilling is a cyclical business, and therefore Diamond is managed accordingly. Nine years ago when others were paying top dollars for new drilling rigs, Diamond began retuning capital to shareholders by paying special dividends. Since January of '06, Diamond has paid over $41 per share in regular and special dividends returning more than $5.7 billion to shareholders over that time. As this current cyclical downturn accelerated, however, Diamond decided not to pay a special dividend. Instead, the company elected to retain cash in order to maintain Diamond's financial strength and to position the company to be ready to act if rig acquisition opportunities presented themselves. While Diamond has been able to secure long term contracts for its newest deepwater rigs prospects have been far more challenging for its mid-water fleet. Diamond expects newer rigs to continue to compete aggressively against lower spec units. As a result of the increased competition and dramatically reduced rig chartering opportunities for mid-water rigs, this quarter Diamond decided to cold stack or scrap eight of those rigs that have no foreseeable employment prospects. We have no doubt that Diamond will withstand the cyclical downturn and we hope and expect that the company will emerge having found opportunities to acquire good assets at attractive prices. But as of today, we are not aware of any distressed asset available for sale at prices even close to a price we will be willing to pay. Hopefully that situation will change in the next several quarters and when it does, Diamond will be ready. Now let's turn to CNA. The company had a good quarter producing an 18% year-over-year jump in net operating income. The results were helped by lower catastrophe losses and strong investment income from limited partnerships. More importantly, management continues to focus on margin improvement in its core P&C business. While there is more to be done, were pleased with CNA steady progress. For the coming year, CNA will be operating in the market where rate increases are likely to be relatively modest and investment income will be constrained by the low interest rate environment. CNA will remain focused on improving its underwriting capabilities in its commercial segment maintaining its leadership position in its specialty segment, and prudently managing its long term care book of business. At Boardwalk over the last 15 months, the company has secured an extraordinary $1.6 billion in organic capital projects. These projects are backed by long term agreements that are expected to generate double-digit unlevered returns once completed in the next two to four years. Since the projects will not come online immediately, Boardwalk raised a $116 million in equity to help fund its capital expenditures this year and to manage its leverage. Maintaining its credit quality will be a key focus for Boardwalk during the build out phase of these projects. Last but not least, let's turn to Loews Hotels. The hits just keep on coming for our hotel companies. Since the beginning of the year, the company opened the Loews Chicago Hotel and it's completed the acquisition of the 155 room Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco which has been proudly remained for Loews Regency, San Francisco. New additions to the hotel company continue to be well received especially our newest hotel in Orlando, The Cabana Bay Beach Resort, which has been growing gangbusters since it's opened a year ago in March. If you haven't visited one of hotels in Orlando, you should. And now, Id like to turn the call over to David.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim and good morning. Loews reported income from continuing operations of $109 million or $0.29 per share for this year's first quarter down from $265 million or $0.68 per share in the first quarter of 2014. Diamond Offshore reported sharply lower earnings this year only partially offset by earnings improvements at CNA and Boardwalk. As I will discuss more fully, unusual items affected earnings comparisons at both Diamond Offshore and Boardwalk. Loews net income which reflects the impact of $206 million loss from discontinued operations in last year's first quarter, was up year-over-year. As a reminder, last years loss from discontinued operations related primarily to the sale by CNA financial of its life insurance subsidiary. CNA contributed $202 million to Loews' income from continuing operations in this years first quarter as compared to $176 million in the first quarter of 2014. These amounts exclude after-tax realized gains of $8 million this year versus $24 million last year. The increase in CNA's net operating income was attributable to two main factors, number one higher net investment income driven by limited partnership investments and two higher P&C underwriting income driven by lower catastrophe losses and improved non-cat accident year results. During the first quarter, CNA paid a $2 per share special dividend and a $0.25 per share regular quarterly dividend. At quarter end, after the payment by CNA of over $600 million of shareholder dividends, the company's capital and liquidity positions remain rock solid. Diamond Offshore contributed a loss of $126 million to our first quarter net income, down from an earnings contribution of $69 million last year. Diamond's first quarter results include an after-tax impairment charge of $319 million of which $158 million flow through our net income. The charge resulted from Diamond's decision to impair eight of its lower spec rates, seven mid-water semi submersibles and an older drill ship. Diamond announced that it plans to scrap three of the seven mid-water units being impaired. Additionally, Diamond booked a restructuring charge in this year's first quarter that reduced Loews net income by $2.3 million. Absent the impairment and restructuring charges, Diamond's contribution to our net income declined from $69 million last year to $34 million this year. Lower rig utilization negatively affected rig operating income. In addition, depreciation expense was up from last year because of new rigs having being placed into service. Boardwalk pipeline contributed $25 million to Loews with net income during Q1 2015 up from a loss of $18 million last year. The loss last year included a $55 million after-tax charge related to the write-off of all capitalized cost associated with the former Bluegrass project. Absent this charge, Boardwalk's contribution to our earnings decreased primarily due to lower EBITDA and higher depreciation. The EBITDA decline stem from lower revenue from transportation, park and loan and storage, attributable in large part to warmer winter weather this year versus last in Boardwalk's market areas. During the first quarter and into early April, Boardwalk sold $7 million common units under its equity distribution program. Net proceeds to Boardwalk were $116 million including the general partner contribution. Boardwalk sold the equity to manage its capital ratios during a period when it is spending capital on projects that are not yet in service and thus not producing EBITDA. In keeping with its focus on capital management, we anticipate that Boardwalk will drove down its $300 million subordinated debt facility from Loews later this year. Loews Hotels generated net income of $5 million during the first quarter up from $3 million last year. Adjusted EBITDA, which you can find in the earnings snapshot posted on our website, was $35 million during the first quarter versus $24 million in the prior year. The increase in adjusted EBITDA was driven by Loews' Hotels property at Universal Orlando, including The Cabana Bay Beach Resort as well as improved performance at various other properties. As Jim mentioned, during the first four months of 2015 we invested over $300 million in Loews Hotels to finance the all equity acquisitions of the Loews Chicago and Loews Regency, San Francisco hotels. Overtime, those hotels will likely put leverage on these properties and may if appropriate, bring in equity partners. Turning to the parent company. After-tax investment income declined from $34 million in 2014 to $19 million in 2015, driven by reduced performance from equities partially offset by higher returns from the parent company limited partnership portfolio. At quarter end, cash and investments totaled $5.5 billion, as compared to $5.1 billion at the end of December. Over $4 billion of our cash and investments were in treasury bills and notes and other short term instruments which given the current interest rate environment earn us very little but provides strong liquidity. We received $567 million in dividends from our subsidiaries in the quarter, which broke down as follows; $545 million in regular and special dividends from CNA, $9 million from Diamond and $13 million from Boardwalk. As for returning capitals to our shareholders, during the first quarter we paid $23 million in cash dividends and spent $71 million buying back $1.8 million shares of our common stock. We also spent $24 million during the quarter buying just over 900,000 shares of Diamond stock taking our ownership to 53.1%. I will now hand the call back to Jim.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions, let me summarize how we think about each one of our businesses. As I said six months ago, trouble is opportunity when it comes to the offshore drilling market. The market is certainly challenged but Diamond is positioned to withstand this downturn and hopefully sees opportunities as they arise. CNA is improving its underwriting performance and maintaining a stellar balance sheet. Diamond is repositioning its operations to align with the evolution of the U.S. natural gas marketplace and Loews Hotel is adding to its presence in key markets with exciting potential. We continue our commitment to pursuing a value oriented investment strategy and to creating a diverse portfolio of solid businesses. As always, Loews' is focused on managing capital to achieve the best long term return for our shareholders. We found the disciplined capital management, coupled with a diverse portfolio of businesses is an exceptional way to create value over time. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Lori, we're ready to start the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel at Janney Capital.
Bob Glasspiegel: Good morning, Loews. What's behind the thought process using the Regency brand name for San Francisco and are there other hotels that you might want to consider to rebrand to I assume that's a preferred segment?
Jim Tisch: So we have the Loews Regency in New York which is a hotel that is of a higher quality than the Loews Hotel brands. And when we had the opportunity to acquire the former Mandarin Oriental in San Francisco, we decided that that would be a good place to extend the Loews Regency brand. So voila you see that we now have two Loews Regency Hotels. If we have the opportunity going forward to create more Loews Regency Hotels, we certainly like to do that.
Bob Glasspiegel: But there are no other candidates from your installed base of hotels that compare with these two in your mind?
Jim Tisch: No, no. No, there are no plans to upgrade any of our hotels to the Loews Regency brand.
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay. You've been prescient in one respect of saying troubles ahead in the offshore drilling marketplace for a couple of years and I was thinking the opportunities would be near for Diamond than I think you just suggested in the call today. What sort of macro variables should we be looking at to see that that would be a time that Diamond would become more active to benefit from the carnage?
Jim Tisch: I think right now the conditions are bad enough for rig valuations to go down. The problem is they haven't been bad enough for long enough. There are people who either have rigs chartered, so they are not feeling any pressure. There are people who may have loss charters or who have rigs that are unchartered now, that are feeling a lot of pressure. But interest rates are low and at least for the next few months they are able to get by. People that have rigs that are scheduled to come out of the shipyard, many of them have delayed the arrival of those ships. But there is no doubt in my mind that as the charter market remains a vast desert for these fifth and sixth generation rigs, that the carrying cost of the rigs which is both the interest that they have to  that owners have to pay on their debt and additionally the staffing cost for these rigs which can be as much as $2 million to $3 million a month that will start to weigh on the owners. And at that point, in the next two, three or four quarters, I think we could see that some fifth and six generation rig assets become available for sale.
Bob Glasspiegel: So it sounds like we're a couple of years away from seeing 
Jim Tisch: Or at least the number of quarters.
Bob Glasspiegel: Right. How many shares of Diamond do you now own?
Jim Tisch: We own about 53% of Diamond.
Bob Glasspiegel: I got that. But do you have the absolute number of shares?
Jim Tisch: Yes, we will get it for you, it's probably $73 million - $73.9 million - $72.9 million, yes.
Bob Glasspiegel: Thank you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker: Yes, good morning everyone. So I think maybe a year or two ago in a question about making acquisitions during what has been variable market, you said that while back five, six, seven years ago public equities were very cheap it didn't necessarily feel that way for private equities. And Loews and if I'm incorrectly stating anything please correct me. You like to take a controlling stake or a complete ownership so private equity is really the avenue you'd like to pursue. I'm wondering if you can update given the amount of cash you have on the balance sheet your view on what opportunities there are out there private versus public and how you feel broadly about the next Loews acquisition?
Jim Tisch: So, I don't recall the comments that I made, Im sure that I made it. Let me just talk about where I think the market is right now. I think that after all these years of low interest rates and quantitative easing, what we have is markets both fixed income and equity markets that are priced for perfection. Stocks are almost at new highs, the NASDAQ reached new highs last week, the S&P is within a shot of it. Today as we speak, the market multiple is I dont know 16, 17, 18 times earnings. When you look at companies that are auctioned in the private equity world, what I would say is that 10 is the new 6 and what that means is in the old days when companies would trade at an EBITDA multiple of six times, today that number is 10 times. And yes, interest rates are low but still it seems to me that even though you can finance at low rates, there just isn't enough room for return for the equity holder at these kinds of valuations. So, my guess is that for the time being businesses look like they're priced too high for us. Now one of the things that I always remember is that the world is cyclical. And it's easy to lose sight of that because we're now in - firmly in year six of an upcycle for equity prices. But at some point in time something will happen, people will lose all the confidence that they have and my guess is that opportunities will present itself. Like I said for offshore drilling, it could be a while and offshore drilling it's the next several quarters in the market for businesses, it could be in the next several years. But I'd rather be patient and get a good business at an attractive price rather than lose patience and buy a business at too higher price.
Josh Shanker: And is there any way that you can use expensive dollars to buy something overseas as opposed to being here in the states or where your appetite is ultimately?
Jim Tisch: No, were happy to buy businesses here that have foreign operations. I think it's a much bigger leap to buy a business based in a foreign country. First of all, we keep scoring dollars, secondly its the - foreign markets are markets that don't scare by the same token, were not fully familiar with the rules, regulations, customs and taxation. And so our hunting ground is primarily in the United States.
Josh Shanker: That's perfect. Thank you, Jim. I look forward to a press release but I can't imagine when it will come. Take care.
Jim Tisch: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Michael Millman of Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman: Thank you. So continuing on the same theme on the macro, what price does crude have to get to or oil have to get to before I guess the blood rushing in the industry?
Jim Tisch: WTI is currently at about $59 a barrel. Brent is $66 a barrel. I think here at the price where investment starts to make sense for offshore and onshore drilling. But there is something else I think that has to happen in order for investment to pick-up and that is that I think people have gone want to see how volatile prices are. So will prices be at $59 a month from now, will they be at $49 if there are $49, then there is still lot of volatility in the marketplace then I think you are not going to see confident comeback to the market. On the other hand, if $59 on WTI and $66 on Brent is the new normal and we will see that over the coming few months, then I think you will start to see some glimmers of drilling. But there is a lot of headwinds for the market. Number one, we have thousands of wells in the United States that have been drilled that have not yet been tracked. Number two, we have very high levels of oil in storage in United States beyond the normal levels, and so I think that there is a distinct possibility that those headwinds can be a real hindrance to prices moving up more from here.
Michael Millman: Moving up much more from here in the next year, the next decade?
Jim Tisch: Six months, or so.
Michael Millman: And how do you -
Jim Tisch: One other thing, and that is there is a real distinction between drilling for oil and shale formations and drilling for it offshore. When you drill for oil in shale, it can be as little as two months between the time that you make the investment decision, until the time that you start production. And so, it's relatively - and you also have a very good sense of exactly how much oil you are going to be able to produce from that shale well. So with prices at $59 a barrel, you are able to pretty effectively hedge your first several years of production, which makes all the difference in terms of the economics of your well. So there is, remember, I am sure shale production its two months from the time you decide to drill until the time youre producing. For offshore drilling, its two to five years from the time you decide to drill until the time that you can be producing. So, the offshore guys are much less concerned about the spot price for oil and much more concerned about what the trend is going to be. They don't know nearly as well how much oil they are going to be able to produce from that well that they may drill in the next year and they have got to all manner of completion so they don't know exactly when the oil is going to be produced. So it's much more difficult for them to hedge their production than it is for the onshore shale people.
Michael Millman: How much shale oil is available or put another way why would offshore drill unless they thought that the oil shale was going to be there out?
Jim Tisch: So, offshore production is about $20 barrels a day and it is a very important part of total worldwide oil production. Shale production is probably under $5 million barrels a day. So, shale production just cannot make up for the production that takes place offshore, thats number one. Number two, when you look at breakeven rates, you see that offshore oil drilling in many theatres is very competitive with the economics of shale production. So there is no doubt in my mind that moving forward well continue to see shale drilling and shale production and well continue to see offshore drilling and offshore production.
Michael Millman: To switch a little bit I know it's very helpful, on hotels can you envision the hotel business generating anything near what your oil-related businesses generate?
Jim Tisch: I don't know. All I know is that the business has been growing very rapidly. Recently we have added hotel, we have added two hotels in Chicago, Minneapolis, Washington DC, Boston, Orlando, Hollywood, San Francisco and there is one more on the boards for Orlando. We've seen a significant increase in EBITDA and hopefully earnings will soon follow. So I think youre seeing a rejuvenation of the Loews Hotels brand name and well just see how we are able to do going forward.
Michael Millman: Do you envision the hotels generating 10% of total revenue and if so when so?
Jim Tisch: You're talking about far in the future, and I just dont know.
Michael Millman: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn the call to Mary Skafidas, for any other short or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Thanks everyone. I just wanted to remind you the replay of this call will be available on our website in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Loews first quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President of Investor & Public Relations James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA David B. Edelson - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Andrew Baker
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President, Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Lori, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Loews Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our earnings release, earnings snapshot and company overview may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. But before we begin, I would like to remind that this conference call might include statements that are forward looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I would now like to turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on our call today. I trust that you all had a chance to look at our press release, which was distributed earlier this morning. David Edelson, our CFO, will provide details on our earnings later on in the call. I want to start by discussing today's dividend-related announcements from Diamond Offshore and CNA Financial, and then touch briefly on each of our subsidiaries and the parent company. The rapid decline in oil prices has severely impacted offshore drilling contractors, and we expect this negative impact to continue. Diamond's customers, the national and international oil companies as well as the independent E&P companies, have been scaling back their exploration and development budgets in light of the recent price plunge and their own cash flow shortfalls. Combined with the influx of new offshore drilling units that continue to enter the market, the oil price decline has led to a supply-demand imbalance that has driven down day rates, shortened contract terms and idled rigs. In view of the decidedly negative conditions in the offshore drilling industry, the Diamond Offshore board has decided not to pay a special dividend this quarter and for the foreseeable future. As Diamond's majority shareholder, we support the board's decision to retain cash so that if opportunities to purchase rigs at attractive prices present themselves, the company is ready to act. Given the company's existing liquidity, its $1.5 billion 5-year revolving credit facility, its modest leverage and its strong credit ratings, we are optimistic that Diamond will be able to capitalize on the current turmoil in the offshore drilling market. For those of you who tuned into our call -- our last call, you'll remember that with respect to Diamond, I said trouble is opportunity. The trouble is certainly here, and Diamond is prepared for the opportunity. At CNA, the company's balance sheet has never been stronger, ending the year with statutory capital of over $11 billion and GAAP shareholders' equity of almost $13 billion. In its most recent writeup on CNA, Standard & Poor's stated that CNA has AAA level capital. As a result of its good earnings and robust capital position, CNA today declared a $2 per share special dividend, which is in addition to its regular $0.25 quarterly dividend. As a point of reference, last year, CNA paid a $1 per share special dividend. The divergent, completely independent paths of CNA's and Diamond's special dividends highlight the benefit to Loews of maintaining a diverse portfolio of subsidiaries. The performance of Loews' stock during 2014 was negatively affected by the declines in the stock prices of Boardwalk and Diamond. We took the opportunity during 2014 to buy back almost 4% of our outstanding shares, spending approximately $620 million in the process. While we're certainly not thrilled with the decline in our share price, we believe that, over the long term, buying our stock at attractive levels will prove to have been the right decision. Similarly, we believe that our purchase during the fourth quarter of 1.9 million shares of Diamond Offshore common stock will benefit our shareholders over the long term as well. Loews ended the year with $5 billion in cash and investments. One of our perennial priorities is to maintain a strong and liquid balance sheet, which gives us the flexibility to move quickly when opportunity knocks without having to rely on external financing sources. Now let's take a look at highlights from our subsidiaries. Then I'll turn the call over to David, who will walk you through our quarterly and annual results in greater detail. Let's start with Diamond. Loews has been in the offshore drilling business for more than 25 years. In that time, we have learned one thing with absolute certainty: offshore drilling is a cyclical business, and Diamond is managed accordingly. 9 years ago when others were paying top dollar for new drilling rigs, Diamond began returning capital to shareholders by paying special dividends. Since January of '06, Diamond has paid over $41 per share in regular and special dividends, returning more than $5.7 billion to shareholders over that time. We believe that the current market downturn is yet another cycle playing out in offshore drilling and that the industry will eventually recover. It's just a matter of time. While no one knows with any certainty when the market will come back, I'm confident that Diamond will withstand this cyclical downturn as it has others. Diamond has the strongest balance sheet in the business, ample liquidity, moderate leverage and a patient majority shareholder that understands the cyclical nature of the offshore drilling industry. Turning to CNA. CNA had a strong quarter and year. Its underlying combined ratio improved for the year due to a better business mix as the company continued to focus on industry segments where it has deep expertise, such as technology, financial services and manufacturing. Additionally, CNA benefited from premium rate increases, although such increases slowed somewhat in 2014. For the coming year, CNA will be operating in a market where rate increases are likely to be relatively modest and investment income will be constrained by the interest rate environment. CNA will not stretch for growth, choosing instead to forego growth in return for a more profitable core book of business. Moving on to Boardwalk. About a year ago, Boardwalk made the difficult decision to reduce its quarterly cash distribution. Fast forward a year and it turned out to be exactly the right decision for the company and for long-term shareholders. Boardwalk has been able to utilize internally generated funds and to take advantage of growth opportunities, avoiding dilution. In fact, almost all of its distributable cash flow has gone towards growth projects or distribution payments. New opportunities for growth continued to materialize in 2014, as Boardwalk secured an impressive $1.5 billion in organic projects to be built over the next 3 to 4 years. While these projects -- when these projects come online, they are expected to generate double-digit, unlevered return for years to come. And last but not least, let's turn to Loews Hotels. Loews Hotels has been focused on building its brand and broadening its customer base by adding properties in gateway cities and resort destinations as well as by renovating existing properties. The financial performance is showing strong improvement, in part as a result of our capital investment over the past several years. We are enhancing our disclosure regarding Loews Hotels this quarter. David will walk you through the company's adjusted EBITDA during his remarks. We're excited that Kirk Kinsell has agreed to lead Loews Hotels for the next phase of its growth. He will join Loews Hotels in March. Kirk has tremendous experience in the hospitality industry, having most recently been President of the Americas for InterContinental Hotels Group, where he had responsibility for 3,700 hotels. Paul Whetsell, who has served as Loews Hotels' CEO for the past 3 years, has done a fantastic job at growing the brand and improving operations. Paul will become Vice Chairman of Loews Hotels once Kirk joins in March. And coincidentally, Mark's (sic) [Kirk] first day as CEO will also be the first day that the Loews Chicago Hotel will be open for business. Make your reservations now. Now I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David B. Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the fourth quarter of 2014, Loews reported income from continuing operations of $215 million or $0.57 per share compared to $248 million or $0.64 per share last year. For full year 2014, income from continuing operations was $962 million or $2.52 per share as compared to $1.1 billion or $2.95 per share in 2013. Our reduction in parent company investment income drove the quarter-over-quarter decline. For the full year, the main drivers were lower earnings contributions from CNA, Diamond and Boardwalk. CNA contributed $186 million to Loews' income from continuing operations before realized losses in the fourth quarter of 2014, essentially flat with last year's fourth quarter. Onetime items affected the quarterly results in both years. A CNA pension settlement charge reduced Loews' Q4 2014 income by $49 million, while a charge related to retroactive reinsurance accounting for the Loss Portfolio Transfer transaction reduced our Q4 2013 income by $111 million. CNA's net investment income in Q4 2014 was down versus the prior year, driven primarily by limited partnership investments. Offsetting positives included higher net favorable prior year development, together with improved current accident year underwriting results and lower catastrophe losses. In Q4 2014, CNA posted slight realized investment losses versus modest gains in the prior year quarter. For full year 2014, CNA contributed $770 million to Loews' income from continuing operations before realized gains, down from $817 million in 2013. Reduced net investment income and lower net favorable prior year development drove the year-over-year decline. Partially offsetting these declines were improved current accident year underwriting results and lower catastrophes. Onetime items also affected the 2 years. In 2014, a coinsurance transaction related to the sale of CNA's annuity and pension deposit business reduced CNA's earnings contribution to Loews by $31 million. And in 2013, as just mentioned, the charge related to the Loss Portfolio Transfer, reduced our income by $111 million. CNA posted a higher level of realized investment gains in 2014 than in 2013. Diamond Offshore contributed $47 million to Loews' income from continuing operations during Q4 2014, up from $44 million last year. Diamond's pretax income was actually down versus prior year. A slight increase in EBITDA was more than offset by higher depreciation and interest expense. Further, in last year's fourth quarter, Diamond's net income was impacted by a high effective tax rate, driven by a provision for an uncertain tax position. This reduced Diamond's after tax contribution to Loews last year by $27 million. For full year 2014, Diamond contributed $183 million to Loews' net income, down from $257 million in 2013. The company's third quarter 2014 rig impairment charge drove the decline, together with lower rig operating income, higher depreciation and interest expense and higher G&A expenses. Partially offsetting the decline in pretax income was a 4 point reduction in the company's tax rate caused by various factors, including a Q4 2013 tax provision previously mentioned; and in the third quarter of 2014, the benefit to Diamond from settling uncertain tax positions related to several foreign jurisdictions. Diamond took delivery of 3 drillships and 2 semisubmersibles in 2014. In 2015 and 2016, the company expects to take delivery of the Ocean BlackLion, its fourth new drillship; and the Ocean GreatWhite, its new build, harsh environment semisubmersible. Both of these units are already contracted. Between its balance sheet liquidity and its $1.5 billion bank revolver, Diamond has ample liquidity for its current capital projects. Additionally, halting the special dividend will enable Diamond to retain, on an annualized basis, over $400 million of cash to bolster its available liquidity. Boardwalk Pipeline contributed $11 million to Loews' net income during Q4 2014, up from $4 million last year. After adjusting for a goodwill impairment charge in last year's fourth quarter, however, Boardwalk's contribution declined from $20 million last year to this year's $11 million. Boardwalk's fourth quarter 2014 results were negatively impacted by lower storage and park and loan revenue as well as by higher operating expenses. For full year 2014, Boardwalk contributed $18 million to Loews' net income versus $78 million for 2013. The major onetime items impacting this year-over-year comparison in 2013 were the just mentioned goodwill impairment charge and a partially offsetting gain on the sale of operating gas. The write-off during 2014 of the previously capitalized costs associated with the Bluegrass project reduced Loews' net income by $55 million. Excluding these 3 onetime items, Boardwalk's contribution to our net income declined from $85 million in 2013 to $73 million in 2014. Loews Hotels generated net income of $3 million during Q4 2014 versus a net loss of $5 million last year. For the full year, Loews Hotels posted net income of $11 million, up meaningfully from a $3 million net loss in 2013. This quarter, we are providing additional information about Loews Hotels, which can be found in the company overview document posted on our IR website. In particular, I wanted to highlight our disclosure of adjusted EBITDA. We define adjusted EBITDA as the sum of the EBITDA from our wholly owned properties and our pro rata share of the EBITDA generated by our joint venture properties. Management company results are also included. Excluded are nonrecurring items such as transaction costs. The company overview also includes a table that reconciles Loews Hotels reported pretax income to its adjusted EBITDA for the past 3 years. We would be happy to walk you through it offline. And to anticipate a question, we will not be disclosing EBITDA on a property-by-property basis. For full year 2014, Loews Hotels generated adjusted EBITDA of $123 million, up from $66 million in 2013. The main drivers of the increase were the addition of new hotels, the reopening in January 2014 of the Loews Regency and higher profitability at numerous properties, including our joint venture hotels located at the Universal Orlando Resort. I would hasten to add that in 2014, several hotels were in the portfolio for only part of the year, including the 1,800-room Cabana Bay Beach Resort, the Loews Minneapolis Hotel and the Loews Chicago O'Hare Hotel. During the 3-year period from 2012 to 2014, Loews Corp.'s net cash contribution to Loews Hotels was $182 million. In October, we completed the sale of HighMount E&P. The NOL generated by the sale should enable Loews to realize federal tax benefits of approximately $500 million in 2014 and future periods. Turning to the parent company. After tax investment income during the fourth quarter declined from $54 million to $17 million in 2014, driven by reduced performance from equities and limited partnerships. For the full year, after tax investment income was down from $93 million in 2013 to $63 million in 2014, as favorable year-over-year results in gold-related equities were offset by a decline in year-over-year results for limited partnerships and other equities. At year end, cash and investments totaled $5.1 billion as compared to $5.2 billion at the end of September and $4.7 billion at the end of 2013. We received $135 million in dividends from our subsidiaries in the quarter, which breaks down as follows: $60 million from CNA, $62 million from Diamond and $13 million from Boardwalk. During all of 2014, we received $782 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, up from $736 million in 2013. As Jim mentioned, today, CNA declared a $2 per share special dividend. Loews will receive $485 million upon its payment. As a reminder, during the first quarter of 2014, CNA paid a special dividend of $1 per share. Separately, Diamond announced today that it is not declaring a special dividend this quarter and for the foreseeable future. Loews received special dividends totaling $210 million from Diamond during 2014. As for returning capital to our shareholders, during the fourth quarter, we paid $23 million in cash dividends and spent $207 million buying back 5 million shares of our common stock. We also spent $61 million during the quarter buying 1.9 million shares of Diamond stock, taking our ownership to over 52%. For all of 2014, we spent $622 million repurchasing 14.6 million shares of Loews common stock or nearly 4% of our shares outstanding. Over the past 5 years, we have bought back almost 13% of our shares. I will now hand the call back to Jim.
James S. Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions, we wanted to summarize our focus as we think about our businesses. For Diamond, the offshore drilling industry is in the throes of a challenging cyclical downturn. We've seen this movie before, and we are encouraging Diamond to use this downturn to seize opportunities to strengthen and expand its business. The U.S. energy markets are experiencing tremendous changes, which have affected Boardwalk. U.S. natural gas and liquids production is forecast to continue growing meaningfully over the coming years. We expect the accompanying growth and demand for transportation and storage will present attractive opportunities for Boardwalk to expand the utilization of its existing network while also extending the network's reach. CNA enters 2015 laser-focused on improving its underwriting performance. The company's underlying combined ratio continues to decline, but there remains room for improvement as CNA works towards the goal of becoming a top quartile underwriter. We will be keeping a close eye on underwriting profitability especially at CNA Commercial. And finally, Loews Hotels is welcoming a new CEO and continuing its focus on growth and profitability. As always, we stand ready to help Loews Hotels fund its growth plan. Overall, there is tremendous change happening across our portfolio of businesses. This coming year will continue to be challenging for some of our subsidiaries, and we are focusing on turning those challenges into opportunities that will benefit our shareholders well into the future. As always, Loews is focused on managing capital to achieve the best long-term return for our shareholders, whether it's through share repurchases, investing in one of our subsidiaries or adding another business to our portfolio. We have found that disciplined capital management, coupled with a diverse portfolio of businesses, is an exceptional way to create value over time. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. This concludes the prepared remarks portion of our call. Lori, I'd like to hand the call back over to you so you can open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel of Janney Capital.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick questions. Am I right that there was no buyback in 2015 to-date at Loews?
James S. Tisch: We don't answer that question. We'll let our filings speak for themselves.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And in prior quarters, you've put year-to-date -- quarter-to-date purchases on the release, so that seemed to be a change.
James S. Tisch: All right. So you can assume that if there's no quarter-to-date specified on the release, that there weren't any.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. On the Diamond Offshore purchase, I think this is your first purchase of shares from them in a long, long time. What's your buy thesis on increasing your stake? Given that this is a semipermanent acquisition, you're a little bit more careful in how you buy sub-stocks traditionally.
James S. Tisch: So we bought the shares simply because we thought they were very cheap and inexpensive relative to where the stock had been over the past 7 or 8 years and also where it is today in the marketplace. It's our -- I think it reflects our belief that there is a future for the offshore drilling industry.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: What sort of time frame do you think about their fundamental's improving because, clearly, when they're cutting the dividend and the conditions that you described are not robust currently, obviously?
James S. Tisch: Look, I think it can take several years for the offshore drilling industry to improve. My guess is it's still declining. But where stock is priced is oftentimes different than how an industry is behaving. And we just felt comfortable buying shares when we did.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Is there an asset value backdrop to the analysis? Or is it just an earning -- future earnings power in a better world?
James S. Tisch: There have been very few asset transactions in the industry recently other than scrapping of rigs. So it really is quite difficult to say what is the fair market value today for something like a fifth- or sixth-generation rig. So since there have been no transactions, we don't fully know what the asset values, as determined by the market, currently are.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you've been very successful in investing in this arena in the past. Any intelligence that you're able to provide, much appreciated.
James S. Tisch: Yes. Like I said, I think the industry is still declining. I think day rates can continue to go down for a while. Certainly, oil companies are not anxious about drilling now, combined with the fact that there continue to be new rigs that are entering the fleet, rigs that had been ordered 2, 2.5 and 3 years ago. So there is more supply coming on to the market in an environment where oil companies are stepping back. That says to me that day rates can continue to move down. But oil at $40, $50 or, in my opinion, $60 a barrel is not what I would call a steady-state price for oil. I think it has to be -- my guess is it has to be somewhere between $70 and $90 per barrel. And my guess is that, as they say, in the fullness of time, once we get to -- when and if we get to those prices and some stability returns to the oil market, I think that utilization will start to increase. Like I said, I don't know the timing, but I certainly believe that it will happen. The other thing that the oil industry overall has going for it is depletion. The world today produces about 95 million barrels a day of oil. And the estimates are that growth in demand is about 1 million barrels per day every year. So that means that next year instead of demand being 95 million barrels, demand will be 96 million barrels a day. But that doesn't mean that the industry has to find an additional 1 million barrels a day. What it means, in fact, is the industry probably has to find 6 million barrels a day. Because in the course of the year, if no exploration is done, productive capacity worldwide will drop from 95 million to 90 million. So the industry needs to find the 5 million just to make up for what was depleted and then find an additional 1 million barrels of capacity. My sense is that at the price that we have for oil today, we are not replacing all the oil that is depleting. And so my guess is over the next few years, if prices stay down here, we will start to see declines in productive capability.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Grainger of Morgan Stanley.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So Jim, I just wanted to come back to CNA and get your thoughts on the pricing environment across both the commercial and the specialty landscapes. I mean, rates seem to be similar to Q3. Retention was similar to slightly up. You talked about being mindful of profitability. But are you seeing anything that would make you concerned about CNA's ability to fully offset inflation going forward?
James S. Tisch: I think that -- actually, I'm -- I've been fairly sanguine about pricing in the commercial P&C space. And the reason for it is because of the extraordinary capital discipline that has been in place for the past 5 or 10 years in the industry. The industry generates lots of excess capital. And what we see from a lot of companies in the industry is that with the combination of share repurchases and dividends, companies are returning their -- the entire amount of capital that they've earned in the past year. And in fact, some companies are returning more than they're earning. So in the old days, we used to have exaggerated cycles in this industry because companies retained so much capital. But now that, that capital is being recycled through share repurchases and dividends, I just don't see the capacity pressure that drives down prices like we've seen in prior cycles. So prices now, we're still getting probably 2% to 4% price increases. That's generally good enough to cover inflation, which the federal government tells us, is about 1.5%. CNA is also busily re-underwriting its commercial book of business. So I'm hopeful that even in this price environment, over time, CNA can continue to bring down its combined ratio as we strive to become a top quartile commercial lines underwriter.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And as you -- just one other question. As you think about the range of options you have for allocating capital at the parent company level, I'd assume that given the concentration of energy in the portfolio right now, you might prefer to diversify. But at the same time, you repeated this sort of trouble-is-opportunity mantra that I think would probably lead you back to consideration of energy assets right now. So just curious how you balance those conflicting factors and how open you would be to making a material or semi-material allocation of capital back into energy.
James S. Tisch: I would say been there, done that, got the T-shirt. We were in the E&P business, and we have no desire to go back in. We are very happy with our 2 energy subsidiaries, Boardwalk and Diamond. For the most part, they are capable of financing themselves. If for some reason, one or both might need some financing, we would seriously consider it. But those 2 companies, going forward, are going to be our exposure to energy. And in particular, with respect to Boardwalk, it tends not to move on the base -- its business isn't affected based upon the price of the commodity that it's transporting. But unlike Boardwalk, Diamond Offshore, as we all well know, can move dramatically based on the price of oil. So to the extent that the oil market is going to recover, I strongly believe that we will benefit from that through improvements in Diamond's business and hopefully its stock price.
Matthew C. Grainger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just without being too specific, I suppose, anywhere else in the market that you see that, I guess, a heightened level of opportunity right now?
James S. Tisch: I think the biggest level of opportunity, for those that want to pursue things that are down and out, is the energy market. And we read in the newspapers lots of people who -- lots of people and organizations that are loading their gun, looking to make investments in the energy market. Beyond that, I don't see anything that's as obvious. And I think part of the problem goes back to interest rates. Interest rates are extraordinarily low. With 10-year notes trading below 2% and long bonds trading at 2.5%, there's no doubt in my mind that the -- what the Federal Reserve has done through its quantitative easing is created a squeeze in the long end of the market. There are plenty of investors that need long-dated securities for pension funds and other types of products that they offer. And they just can't get enough of those securities. The Fed owns probably $4 trillion, $3.5 trillion or $4 trillion of long-dated securities. Those are securities that are out of the market. So as a result, there is a squeeze as people clamor for securities that just are not available. So I believe that intermediate to long rates are at manipulated low rates. And the problem with that is that the 10- and 30-year treasury act as benchmarks for all manner of investments in the financial markets and the real estate markets and the capital spending market. So those that are making the decision on either stocks, capital spending or real estate are using a benchmark that, in my opinion, is below its free-market rate. And that's going to cause -- that causes many, many assets to be overpriced compared to where we would think the fair market value of those assets is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Millman of Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Some more Diamond questions. Assuming oil is at $80 or $90, what would that suggest should be the drilling rate cost or price, daily rate? And how does that compare with where the market is currently?
James S. Tisch: So it's an interesting question, but I can't give you an exact answer. Because in fact, I can't tell you right now what is the market day rate for, say, a new fifth- or sixth-generation drillship. There haven't been any fixtures recently. My guess is it's between $300,000 and $400,000 a day, but it's really difficult to say. What I would say is that in an environment of oil prices that are, number one, $30 higher than they are today; and number two, where the volatility has -- or much of the volatility has left the oil market, in that environment, I could see that day rates would be higher than they are today. These assets cost about $600 million to build. And in order for someone to buy -- to order a new one, they have to get a return on their investment that makes it worthwhile for them to take that risk. So my guess is that for someone to order a new rig, they would need to anticipate that they could earn, say, $100 million -- at least $100 million on that investment. $100 million is about $250,000 to $300,000 a day that has to be earned. You pile on top of that the daily operating costs of approximately $200,000. And what you see is that before anybody is going to go out and order a new rig, they have to be pretty sure that they're going to be able to earn between $450,000 and $500,000 a day on that asset. And my expectation is that we are not going to be seeing significant new construction for a long time until we do get to that place where pricing is at, what I would call, replacement price levels.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: And so with higher prices required in the future, is it going to be economic for the oil companies to be -- to want to drill at $80 or $90? And sort of related to that, if we look over the next 5 years, there seems to be more movement away from oil. How does that all factor into this?
James S. Tisch: So I think the general agreement by those that study the oil markets, be it the AEI, the IEA or private forecasters, there's general agreement that oil consumption is going to -- worldwide oil consumption is going to continue to grow for the foreseeable future. So I'm not worried about that. And likewise, when we think about -- as I said before, when we think about consumption growing, we have to remember that it's not just 1 million barrels a day of new capacity that you have to add. It's more like 5 million, 6 million or 7 million barrels a day of new capacity that you have to add. So the marketplace, once it reaches an equilibrium, will -- the market price for oil will set to a level that makes it such that enough oil can be found in order to supply the world with what's being demanded. And like I said, my guess is that, that's somewhere between $75 and $90 a barrel. And my guess is that, at those levels, offshore drilling will be very attractive for oil companies.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Andy Baker of Barclays.
Andrew Baker: Can you just give us a breakdown of where your corporate cash and investment is -- investments are right now in terms of how much in equity, debt, cash, et cetera?
James S. Tisch: Yes. At year end, we had $250 million to $300 million of equity. We had another $900 million or so of limited partnership investments and the rest was in primarily fixed income or money market instruments.
Andrew Baker: And as you look at that over the course of the year, what leads you to change that? I mean, is it interest rate hikes? How's that going to impact your allocation?
James S. Tisch: So my guess is if the stock market goes down, you'll see us buying more stock. If we spend a significant amount of cash, you might see us reduce our investment in hedge funds. The hedge funds that were invested in for the Loews account are -- there are about 12 or 13 different funds that were invested in. They're all -- those investments were all made with an eye for being able to get our funds back relatively quickly. So to the extent that we were to spend a significant amount of money, we might liquidate some of those investments.
Andrew Baker: Great. And in terms of the equity exposure, I know in the past we've talked -- there were certain times when it was better or worse to be in gold-related stock sometimes. Is there anything now that is particularly appealing? Or are we still large-cap dividend paying, dividend growing type of equities that you think you continue to grow in and can utilize their own capital in a way that can lead to further growth?
James S. Tisch: We have no -- there are no particular sectors that we're looking at right now, nothing that's really caught our fancy.
Operator: Thank you. I will now return the call to Mary Skafidas for any additional or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thanks, Lori. We just want to thank you, all, for your continued interest. And remind you that a replay will be available on our website, loews.com in approximately 2 hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Loews Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jim Tisch  President & Chief Executive Officer David Edelson  Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer  Mary Skafidas  Vice President, Investor and Public Relations  
Analysts: Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital  Andy Baker  Barclays Capital Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates    
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Loews Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator instructions.) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Public Relations. You may begin.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Paula, and good morning everyone. Welcome to the Loews Corporation Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our earnings release and earnings snapshot may be found on our website www.loews.com. On the call this morning we have our Chief Executive Officer Jim Tisch and our Chief Financial Officer David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin however I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer which is included in the companys filings with the SEC. During the call today we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews Chief Executive Officer Jim Tisch.
Jim Tisch: Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. In Q3 Loews had net income from continuing operations of $179 million or $0.47 per share compared to $318 million or $0.82 per share for Q3 2013. The main causes of this decline were results at CNA and at the parent companys investment portfolio. Our CFO David Edelson will provide more detail in his remarks. Before reviewing key developments in our businesses I want to take a moment to focus on our share repurchases. Year-to-date we have repurchased 13.6 million shares of Loews common stock for $581 million. In Q3 we repurchased 5.1 million shares and since October 1st we have repurchased an additional 4.0 million shares.  At the holding company level share repurchases are one of the key levers we use to increase shareholder value. The other levers are investing in our subsidiaries and acquiring new businesses. Additionally as I like to say, if theres nothing to do, do nothing. We are comfortable letting our portfolio of cash and investments build if we dont see near-term opportunities. One of the metrics we consider when thinking about Loews share repurchases is the sum of the parts calculation and especially the sum of the market values of our publicly traded parts compared to the price of Loews shares. Importantly we also assess the sum of the parts based on our own view of the intrinsic value of each of our publicly traded subsidiaries rather than just the market price. The lower our share price relative to these valuations the more excited we are about repurchasing our shares. We try to look beyond todays market sentiment and consider the longer-term prospects for each of our businesses when we repurchase shares. Weve always believed that repurchasing our shares at prices below intrinsic value enhances the long-term value of Loews common stock. Our share repurchases have greatly contributed to the significant long-term outperformance of our stock versus the S&P 500. Now lets take a look at the performance of our subsidiaries. At CNA the company remains focused on improving underwriting results even as rate increases become less robust across the commercial property/casualty market. Both CNA Specialty and CNA Commercial improved their underlying loss and combined ratios versus the prior year, although operating income decreased for reasons David Edelson will explain shortly. CNAs management team continues to take underwriting actions to improve profitability in CNA Commercial, with the goal of CNA eventually becoming a top quartile underwriter. CNA Specialty, which represents almost half of CNAs P&C net premiums continues to perform quite well. CNAs balance sheet reflects its financial strength and stability. With $11.4 billion of statutory surplus and $13.0 billion of GAAP equity the companys capital position has never been stronger. Turning to Diamond, the offshore drilling market continues to be challenging with day rates well off their peaks and long-term contracts few and far between. The difficult market conditions are reflected in Diamonds operating results and its decision to scrap six mid-water floaters. That being said there is good news to report from Diamond. On October 23rd the company announced a contract with Hess Corporation for the last two of Diamonds new build drill ships  the Ocean Black Rhino and the Ocean Black Lion. The Hess contract, which was a result of Herculean efforts by Diamonds new management team, are expected to generate combined total revenue of about $1 billion and represent seven years of contract billing backlog. With this agreement all of Diamonds new builds have been awarded long-term contracts. In addition, all four new build drill ships will be working in the US Gulf of Mexico where they will have lower operating costs than in international ultra-deepwater markets.  Equally important, Diamond recently announced that Petrobras has extended the contracts on three ultra-deepwater semi-submersibles. These contracts are expected to generate a maximum total revenue of $1.4 billion and represent an additional nine years of contract drilling backlog.  And finally during the quarter Diamond increased its revolving credit facility to $1.5 billion, adding flexibility to its already strong balance sheet. The goal is to position Diamond to take advantage of opportunities that may arise from the difficult conditions in the offshore drilling market. Moving on to Boardwalk, the company continues to make headway on securing long-term commitments from customers to utilize new build pipelines connecting to end use markets. Boardwalks pipeline project that will supply natural gas to the Freeport LNG terminal is a great example of this strategy in action.Boardwalk has entered into a twenty-year firm agreement with shippers to transport approximately 1.4 billion cubic feet a day of natural gas to the planned liquefaction terminal in Freeport, Texas. The company anticipates starting operations in 2018 and expects to earn a double-digit unlevered return on assets. Boardwalk is seeing more opportunities like the Freeport project with attractive rates of return that ultimately should position the company for growth over the long term. Last but not least, lets turn to Loews Hotels. Loews Hotels continues to focus on building its brand and broadening its customer base through the addition of new properties in gateway cities and resort destinations. The financial results are improving nicely although thats tough to discern from our reported segment information as David will highlight. During the quarter Loews Hotels announced that in partnership with Universal Studios, it will develop its fifth hotel in Orlando, the Loews Sapphire Falls. With this project Loews will build on its very successful 15-year partnership with Universal Studios. When the 1000-room Sapphire Falls opens in the second half of 2016 it will bring the total number of on-site hotel rooms at Universal Orlando to 5200. As a reminder, the 400-room Loews Chicago Hotel is scheduled to open during Q1 2015. As I like to say, make your reservations now. With the addition of the Loews Chicago Hotel and the new resort in Orlando, our network will have grown from 18 hotels in 2012 to 23 hotels by the end of 2016; and in that same period the number of rooms will have increased 50% from just over 8000 to more than 12,000. Now Id like to turn the call over to David for more details on our Q3 results.
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For Q3 2014 as Jim reported, Loews reported income from continuing operations of $179 million or $0.47 per share compared to $318 million or $0.82 per share last year. Net income which includes a gain from discontinued operations of $29 million was $208 million for this years Q3. For the nine months ended September 30, 2014, income from continuing operations was $747 million or $1.94 per share as compared to $901 million or $2.31 per share in the prior-year period. Our earnings this quarter were negatively affected by declines at CNA, Diamond and Boardwalk as well as by lower parent company investment results. CNAs contribution to income from continuing operations including net realized gains was $188 million in Q3 2014 versus $245 million last year. The decline was primarily attributable to lower income from LP investments, adverse prior-year development in CNA Commercial, underwriting losses at Hardy, and a loss on an annuity coinsurance transaction related to the sale during the quarter of Continental Assurance Company. These negatives were only partially offset by improved calendar year underwriting results at CNA Specialty, lower year-over-year catastrophe losses, and higher realized gains. Diamond Offshores contribution to income from continuing operation for Q3 2014 was $25 million compared to $44 million in the prior-year quarter. An impairment charge impacted Diamonds Q3 earnings as the company decided to retire and scrap six mid-water semi-submersible rigs. This impairment charge reduced Loews Q3 earnings by $55 million.  As a reminder, during last years Q3 Diamonds earnings were impacted by lost revenue and bad debt expense as two Diamond customers experienced financial difficulty. This reduced Diamonds contribution to Loews after-tax income in Q3 2013 by $35 million. Diamonds Q3 2014 net income also reflected higher depreciation and interest expense and an increased effective tax rate as the rig impairments did not provide a tax benefit, and separately a change in UK tax laws resulted in additional taxes. As a partial offset Diamond benefited from settling uncertain tax positions related to several foreign jurisdictions.  Boardwalk Pipelines contribution to income from continuing operations was $8 million I this years Q3 as compared to $19 million in Q3 2013. The main drivers of the decline in Boardwalks income were lower storage and parking and lending revenues as the market for these services was weak, and higher operating expenses. Additionally the gains on the sale of storage gas that were booked in Q3 2013 did not recur in Q3 2014. Loews Hotels and Resorts contributed a diminutive amount to income from continuing operations in both Q3 2014 and the comparable quarter in 2013. Underlying earnings improvements were masked by various nonrecurring items such as costs connected to the purchase of the Loews Minneapolis and Loews Chicago OHare properties and mortgage defeasance costs from the refinancing of Loews Miami Beach.  Additionally Q3 2013 included a one-time gain in the sale of equity interest in the Loews Madison and Loews Boston Hotels. Stripping out these and other nonrecurring items in both years, pretax income was up almost $11 million over Q3 2013. The $51 million decline in after-tax parent company investment income during Q3 was largely attributable to equity investments including gold-related equities as well as LP investments.  As you recall during Q2 2014 we reported within discontinued operations a net impairment charge of $167 million related to the announced sale process for HighMount. During Q3 we recognized a $30 million positive adjustment to the previously-booked impairment charge to reflect the actual sales proceeds. HighMounts operating results for Q3 are also included in discontinued operations. Holding company cash and investments at quarter end totaled $5.2 billion as compared to $4.9 billion at the end of June. We received $135 million in dividends from our subsidiaries in Q3 which breaks down as follows: $60 million from CNA, $62 million from Diamond, and $13 million from Boardwalk. During the first nine months of 2013 we received $647 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, up from $547 million for the first nine months of 2013. As a reminder, CNA paid a $1 per share special dividend during this years Q1. Cash and investments at quarter-end also reflect the net proceeds from the sale of HighMount and from the refinancing of the Loews Miami Beach Hotel. As for returning capital to Loews shareholders we paid $24 million in cash dividends during Q3 and spent $220 million buying back 5.1 million shares of Loews common stock. We continued to purchase shares after the quarter ended. From October 1st through October 31st we bought back a further 4 million shares of Loews common stock for $166 million. On a year-to-date basis we have spent $581 million to repurchase 13.6 million shares or 3.5% of our shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. I will now hand the call back to Jim.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call to questions I wanted to summarize the highlights at Loews. For CNA its slow and steady wins the race. CNA has posted consistent underwriting improvement and maintains a very strong capital position. At Boardwalk we are seeing growth prospects because of the increased demand for natural gas transportation as natural gas production looks to grow almost 20% by the end of the decade.  And finally at Diamond trouble is opportunity. With day rates declining in the offshore drilling market hopefully Diamond will have occasion to grow its fleet by purchasing rigs at a discount to new build prices. Overall there is tremendous change happening in the industries in which are businesses are operating, and we are focused on turning that change into growth opportunities that will benefit our shareholders well into the future. Now Id like to turn the call back to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. This concludes our prepared remarks and wed like to open up the call for questions. Paula?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. (Operator instructions.) Your first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Yeah, thank you very much. Jim, Im going to tell one of your stories and Im going to tell it wrong so you can fix the story and fill it in I guess. When you look at maybe it was the Majestic tankers once upon a time or the early days before Diamond was Diamond, and you saw it and you said I get all this for $10 million, or I cant remember if the number was really $25 million or whatever it was. Where are we in terms of the offshore drilling business or the natural gas pipeline business, did you look at that and say Oh my God, I cant believe that you can buy this business for this cheap right now?
Jim Tisch: No, it wasnt $10 million, it wasnt $25 million  it was $5 million. And it really was a jaw-droppingly low price considering the assets we were buying. I dont anticipate that in the offshore drilling business that were going to get to those $5 million levels, but I do see that there are new build drill ships that are scheduled to come out of the yard that dont have contracts.  There are also a number of very highly levered also drilling contractors in the industry and it would not surprise me to see some of our competitors get into financial trouble where they are put into a position or where their lenders are put into a position that they have to sell rigs. And what Diamond has done is it has prepared itself for that possibility.  Diamond has done this before, most recently in 09 when we bought two rigs out of bankruptcy court  The Courage and The Valor. Those rigs are both working profitably for Petrobras and just had their contracts renewed.  So were taking a wait and see attitude. Right now theres nothing to be done but it is very possible in the next six months to one, two, or three years depending on what happens to a lot of different things  there could be very interesting opportunities for Diamond. With respect to natural gas pipelines its a different story. We dont see the possibility at all of buying existing assets at cheap valuations. But what we do see is that there are very interesting opportunities to build new pipes to accommodate the significant increase in gas production that has to flow from the areas where the gas is being produced to the areas where the gas is actually being consumed  so that the Freeport LNG project that we actually announced this quarter is such a case where were actually able to earn what we think will be a very attractive rate of return on assets. And with typical MLP leverage of say 50% the rate of return on equity can be significantly higher.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Those are great answers, I appreciate it. And one other answer which I imagine youre going to tell me that youre not going to tell me: you had a very wide range if you want, an idea of what you think the market value of the real estate on your balance sheet is as opposed to the balance sheet value?
Jim Tisch: So I guess what youre talking about is our hotel properties because thats pretty much all of the real estate that we have on our balance sheet. And I would say that you have to look at that on a property-by-property basis. Starting next quarter we are going to significantly improve the disclosures with respect to our hotel company, and that may be able to give you a bit of an indication of the valuations of our properties.  Additionally if you want to think about what the valuation is, get on a plane, go down to Florida, look at our Miami Beach hotel, look at what weve put in place at Universal Studios, remembering that we have a 50% interest. And my guess is that any good hotel person should be able to give you a good ballpark estimate of what those properties are worth.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Well I might just do that  the winters coming so it doesnt sound like such a bad idea. Thank you very much.
Jim Tisch: My pleasure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel at Janney Capital.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : Yeah, Josh is a smart fellow there. On the HighMount sale, can you give me the pieces we should think about as it affects the sort of asset value? Youve got some cash; youve got some deferred tax assets and you kept some properties ex the divestiture. So what are the key balance sheet items for the (q)?
Jim Tisch: Bob, the key balance sheet items are we sold HighMount in its entirety  we got cash for that. We have no properties and I dont think we booked anything in terms of taxes. We do have a tax loss carry forward that should benefit us over the next several years.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : I thought there was a deferred tax asset, David. Didnt we talk through that or am I misremembering that?
David Edelson: Yeah, that was transferred to the Loews level.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : And how much is that?
David Edelson: Im recalling I think it was about $500 million or thereabouts.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : Okay, and the cash is how much?
David Edelson: Well, the net proceeds we disclosed were $794 million and we disclosed that out of that we repaid debt of $480 million.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : Okay.
Jim Tisch: So the net amount is the difference between those two - $314 million.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : Right. And tax loss carry forwards, how big?
David Edelson: We have not disclosed that, Bob.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : Can I read that off the (q) when it comes out or thats not disclosed in the (q)?
David Edelson: No.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : Okay. Second thing  trading losses you said in the quarter were gold and what was the other contributor?
David Edelson: LP investments.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : Okay. Go ahead, Im sorry?
David Edelson: That was all of it. That really accounted for the delta between last years Q3 and this years Q3.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : $79 million, thats a pretty big swing just on gold and LPs.
David Edelson: Yep.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : Okay, and just finally gold, I mean oil going below $80 a barrel, Goldman saying $75. How should we think about that on your sort of portfolio of companies?
Jim Tisch: Well, were not in HighMount anymore so it doesnt affect us there. It may have an impact in offshore drilling but I dont really think so because in offshore drilling typically oil companies are thinking three and four years out and not thinking about tomorrow.  Thats the mindset of those that are drilling for shale oil because in shale number one, you can turn the spigot on and off with respect to drilling very quickly. Number two, in the shale oil production you get a big burst of production initially and then it trails off rather quickly so that you want to make sure if youre producing shale oil, that when you frac the well and turn it on it is producing at a time when oil prices are relatively attractive. My guess for what its worth is that oil prices between $75 and $80 a barrel are going to have a rather significant effect on US oil production. Right now the numbers call for US oil production to increase next year by 750,000 to 1 million barrels a day  somewhere in that region. My guess, my fearless forecast is that if oil prices stay where they are you will see US production increasing by a significantly smaller amount and thats due to the fact that for shale oil producers that are not hedged in terms of their oil prices.  They will see a very dramatic decline in their free cash flow, and to the extent that so many of them are below investment grade itll be difficult for them to get new financing to actually pay for the cost of drilling. So I would not be surprised at all to see the [Bakers use oil drilling rig count] decline rather significantly in the coming months if oil prices stay at this level.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : Okay, that sort of sets the backdrop for the opportunities that youre maybe seeing in buying drilling rigs down the line?
Jim Tisch: No, no  when I talk about shale Im talking about land drilling. My guess though is that oil prices, current oil prices will not affect offshore drilling nearly as much as it affects the land drilling, because the horizon for a company drilling offshore prospects  the horizon is say two to five years. The horizon for somebody drilling a shale well onshore is six months to a year. So its a dramatically different mindset between the two oil companies.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital : Right, thank you.
Jim Tisch: My pleasure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Baker of Barclays Capital.
Andy Baker  Barclays Capital: Thank you, good morning guys. Just a question for you: so $5.2 billion of corporate cash roughly at the end of the quarter. Stock markets at an all-time high; bond yields are still really, really low. Golds obviously had its difficulties lately. Where do you look for opportunity to earn a risk-adjusted return that youre comfortable with going forward from here?
Jim Tisch: You know, like everybody else its really tough. With respect to stocks they are high although as Im sure you know, when you parse through the indexes you see that there are some stocks making new highs, but there are also a lot of stocks that are well below their highs and well below their intermediate-term moving averages. So the guys that are managing our equity portfolio are still finding opportunities in which to invest. In terms of fixed income, I would say that generally we are decidedly bearish about interest rates and were generally pretty bearish about most of the markets within the interest rate market. For example, investment-grade bonds and below-investment-grade bonds  were not excited at all about that. We think that interest rates on these securities should be higher as should interest rates on government bonds, and its our guess that over time that will in fact happen. So right now for CNA were generally keeping our fixed income portfolio in our non-matched accounts as short as we can. Were playing the roll down in the yields and were actually hoping for a time when interest rates go higher and when we can get excited about investing in fixed income.
Andy Baker  Barclays Capital: And in terms of, obviously your primary use of cash is either make investments or buy back your own shares and buying back your own shares at a discount to its NAV is generally a very good, a big positive for NAV in general. I mean when you look forward do you develop sort of expected returns across your portfolio, across your equity portfolio and then compare the opportunity that you see externally with the opportunity you see in your own stock?
Jim Tisch: So when I think about my job description, I would say there are two words that best describe it, and that is asset allocator. And what we tend to do here at Loews all the time is think about where to invest cash. We have lots and lots of different opportunities to do that. We can do that in our subsidiaries from time to the extent that they have projects that need help from us.  We can invest in reinvesting fixed income for CNA. Were constantly looking at equity prices; were constantly looking at rates of return that can be had on one type of investment versus another. And in fact we got out of the, the reason that we sold HighMount is because we saw the rates of return that we could achieve by putting more money into HighMount was insufficient compared to the rates of return that we could see in other areas of investment. So were constantly monitoring markets. Were constantly looking at corporate transactions to buy a new business. Were constantly assessing the value of Loews; were constantly assessing the value of the stock market and the rates of return that can be available in other investments  and putting that into our heads and every day coming to decisions as to where the most attractive investments are. And share repurchases are just one part of that larger puzzle.
Andy Baker  Barclays Capital: Thanks, Jim. And then just lastly in the past youve talked about maybe some broader themes that youve sort of been inspired by or that have guided some of your investment. Anything out there that you see maybe longer-term or not so long-term that you think is an interesting sort of thesis for you to be looking at, or an investment thesis?
Jim Tisch: You know, theres nothing that really grabs me right now. I was thinking the other day, Josh previously mentioned the Jim Tisch $5 million test. And I was, separately and apart from Josh the other day I was thinking about the early 80s when we got into super tankers and when we were able to buy seven- or eight-year-old super tankers that had cost $15 million apiece when we were able to buy them for $5 million apiece.  The difference then and now is that the financial markets and the investment markets are dramatically more crowded. When we bought super tankers there was nobody else looking at buying super tankers, and I contrast that to today when a few years ago when super tankers and shipping took just a little dip there were lots and lots of investors, asset managers looking to go into the market. So the main thing that I see right now is very crowded investment markets  meaning that most of the things that we see are either fully priced or fairly priced. Thats the situation today. There isnt an enormous amount of fear. Theres a sense that growth will generally continue and theres just a lot of money coming into investment managers. I promise you at some point in time that will change. I just dont know or have any idea when that will be. But when we invest, we think about that possibility, we think about the downsides and we try to manage accordingly.
Andy Baker  Barclays Capital: Great, thanks a lot, Jim.
Operator: (Operator instructions.) Your next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research Associates. 
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates : Hi. I wanted to go back to when you were talking about oil-related investments and then hotels. Wouldnt you think that the offshore drillers would be concerned that the on-land frackers would basically create a ceiling for prices?
Jim Tisch: That is an issue but the amount of oil that is produced from onshore shale formations is relatively low compared to the amount of oil thats produced worldwide. So just rough order of magnitude theres 100 million barrels of oil a day that are produced in the world and the amount that comes from shale formations is less than 5% of that. If you look back a few years it was dramatically lower, and the question I think youre asking is whether in the next five years, instead of being 5% that amount can be 10%, 15% or 20%. And my guess is that that will not happen, that shale is a significant factor here in the United States but its not a significant factor in the rest of the world.  And that has to do with a lot of things that we have here in the United States that dont obtain in the rest of the world  it has to do with the legal regime; it has to do with the fact that mineral rights are owned by the landowner, not by the state. It has to do with the entrepreneurial drive. It has to do with the fact that there is an oil service industry here that is very, very highly developed. It has to do with pipelines in place and transportation and roads, and population density.  And again, all of those have come together here in the United States and for one reason or another tend not to exist on nearly the same scale in the rest of the world. So for the time being my guess is, my strong guess is that the shale revolution that were seeing here in the United States will not occur in the same scale internationally; and therefore wont be a significant factor with respect to the offshore drilling markets.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates : Or will occur at a much higher price I guess youre saying.
Jim Tisch: Yes, thats right, thats exactly right. If you had the same shale prospects in a foreign country, instead of the breakeven price being $75 a barrel it could easily be $150 a barrel. And those countries would have the chicken and egg problem of being able to get to the scale so that the cost of producing shale oil in those countries could come down to attractive prices. My guess is that its going to be very hard though for them even with scale to get down to where we are here in the United States.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates : Okay, thank you. On the hotels on an adjusted basis what was the pretax for nine months?
Jim Tisch: When you say adjusted basis what do you mean?
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates : Taking out nonrecurring items  you know
David Edelson : I dont have that right in front of me. Ill have to get back to you.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates : Okay, and maybe looking at this another way, of the 12,000 rooms whats low-share?
Jim Tisch: Well also have to get back to you on that because not only is there the Universal partnership but there are also partnerships with respect to a number of other hotels. So well get back to you.
David Edelson: When we enhance our disclosure in Q4 we will attempt to address that issue because our accounting is difficult because of the JV accounting and because one quarter a hotel may be wholly owned and the next quarter it may be a JV hotel. And that makes it difficult to compare across quarters.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates : I see. And maybe whats the debt that you have on the books for your hotel properties?
David Edelson: Well, we have some mortgage debt on a couple of our properties, the most significant being the Loews Miami Beach Hotel where I mentioned a refi that we put $300 million on that property  previously it had $125 million on it. Theres debt on the Orlando  I believe thats in the neighborhood of, and we only have a 50% ownership there; I believe thats around $350 million or $450 million but Ill have to get back to you on that. And then theres really essentially a little bit on Philadelphia, so its dribs and drabs after that.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates : As you recognized the whole purpose is to try to backdoor the value.
David Edelson: Thats why were enhancing our disclosure, Mike, in Q4.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates : Appreciate it, thank you.
Operator: This concludes the allotted time for the question-and-answer portion of todays conference. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mary Skafidas for any additional or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Thanks, Paula. I just wanted to remind everyone that a replay will be available on our website in approximately two hours on www.loews.com. That concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays teleconference. Please disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: James Tisch  President, Chief Executive Officer David Edelson - Chief Financial Officer Mary Skafidas  VP of Investor and Public Relations
Analysts: Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews second quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Ill now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurent. Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Loews Corporation second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release and earnings snapshot slides may be found on our website loews.com.  On the call this morning we have our Chief Executive Officer Jim Tisch and our Chief Financial Officer, David Edelson. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question and answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer which is included in the companys filings with the SEC. During the call today we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our securities filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures.  I will now turn the call over to Loewss Chief Executive Officer Jim Tisch.
James Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews had net income from continuing operations of $303 million, or $0.79 per share, compared to $261 million or $0.67 per share for the second quarter of 2013.  Before we go into specifics about this quarter, I want to take a moment to focus on HighMount. When Loews acquired HighMount in 07, we considered it a low risk gas manufacturing business. Since then, the shale revolution and most notably the Marcellus and Utica plays have dramatically changed the U.S. natural gas market.  When we bought HighMount, gas was trading at $7 per Mcf, and was thought to be a finite commodity. A year later it hit $14. Since then it has hit lows of $2 per Mcf and it is now at about $3.85.  In light of the changing circumstances in the natural gas market, last quarter we announced that we would conduct a strategic review of HighMount, which could include the sale of the company. We are currently evaluating proposals for the sale of HighMount assets and can't say much more about the process at this time.  Later on in the call, David Edelson, our CFO, will give you more details on the accounting ramifications of moving HighMount to held for sale status. We will be the first to tell you that HighMount is not the most successful investment weve ever made. We are certainly not always right but over the years, fortunately we've been more right than wrong.  Now lets take a look at about the performance of our other subsidiaries. At CNA, underlying property casualty underwriting results continued to improve. The non-cat accident year loss ratio is down almost 1.5 points versus the same quarter last year. CNA's property casualty business continues to trend in the right direction, albeit at a slower pace than I would like. While CNA's specialty is performing well and producing strong accident year underwriting results and favorable prior year development, CNA commercials progress has been more measured, being hampered by certain lines of business that the company is exiting or re-underwriting. The impact of these course corrections will take time to say.  The sale of Continental Assurance Company closed last week, CNA's long-term care run-off business now comprises the vast majority of CNAs life and group segment. Long term care results for the first of 2014 have improved over prior years. However in this line of business, two quarters of results does not necessarily constitute a trend. CNA is trying to build on these improving results and is actively managing the business.  Turning to Diamond Offshore. The outlook for the offshore drilling market remains uncertain. This market has become more competitive as rigs enter the worldwide fleet and oil companies reduce their exploration and production spending to improve cash flow. My sense is that over the next several years, oil companies will start to take advantage of reduced day rates as well as the softening of other services costs and that rig demand will subsequently increase.  Diamond maintains the highest credit ratings than any offshore driller in the industry and its prepared to capitalize on whatever market conditions may prevail. Were pleased to report that Diamond has negotiated a 9-month contract with Murphy Oil for a third drillship, the Ocean BlackRhino at a day rate of $550,000 a day. This charter will in effect substitute the BlackRhino for the Ocean Confidence, which is undergoing an extensive special survey. Murphy will have an option to convert this contract into a multi-year term.  Over the past several years, Diamond has committed to the construction of four new drillship, the construction of a new harsh environment semi-submersible rig and the reconstruction of two older semi-submersibles. All these rigs, with the exception of one drillship, are now contracted at attractive day rates.  Moving on to Boardwalk. As weve discussed previously, the natural gas industry remains in a period of transition as shale plays continue to develop and transform gas flows in the United States. The good news is that this transformation is creating attractive investment opportunities to expand Boardwalks existing pipeline infrastructure. However these opportunities will not bear fruit overnight. This process will take some time and patience.  As Stan Horton mentioned on the Boardwalk call earlier today, he is encouraged by the deal flow that he is seeing. Boardwalks assets are either attached to, or located near many diversified shale plays. Theyre also located near major natural gas users, such as proposed gas-fired power generation and petrochemical plants and LNG export facilities. Boardwalks proximity to these shale plays and demand drivers is positively impacting its ability to take advantage of opportunities and make attractive investments.  Earlier today, Boardwalk highlighted that it is pursuing projects which represent approximately 2 billion cubic feet per day of demand. Most of these projects involve repurposing existing pipeline capacity. These include projects which came about due to the increased demand to transport Marcellus and Utica shale gas supplies from north to south.  Additionally, Boardwalk southeast market expansion goes into service in the fourth quarter of this year and will transport natural gas to growing areas of demand, including the industrial and power generation markets in Mississippi, Alabama and Florida. All of these investment opportunities result from increased natural gas supplies in the United States and should benefit Boardwalk as natural gas production continues to increase in the coming years.  Last but not least, lets turn to Loews Hotels & Resorts. Loews Hotels has been focused on growing its brand and broadening its consumer base through the addition of new properties in gateway cities. Additionally, the company is reaping the benefits of the extensive renovations completed over the past year. In the last three years, Loews Hotels has acquired properties in Boston, Washington DC, Minneapolis, Los Angeles and most recently in Rosemont, Illinois near the O'Hare airport.  Loews Hotels is also developing the 400-room Loews Chicago Hotel that is scheduled to open in early 2015. These properties expand Loews Hotels footprint while maintaining the four plus star quality that is customers know and expect.  And finally, Loews Hotels continues to build on its 15 year relationship with Universal Studios in Orlando. In late June, we opened the final phase of our first three star product, 1800-room Cabana Bay Beach Resort. Early results are positive and our three original hotels continue to perform well. Book soon if you want a room. At the Loews Holding company, we ended the quarter with cash and investments of $4.9 billion. The company has also repurchased 3.9 million shares of Loews common stock in the second quarter and 2.45 million shares since July 1. The company spent $302 million on the 6.9 million shares repurchased in this year.  Now Id like to turn the call over to David. 
David Edelson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. For the second quarter of 2014, Loews reported income from continuing operations of $303 million or $0.79 per share, compared to $261 million or $0.67 per share last year. Net income, which includes a loss of $187 million from discontinued operations, was $116 million for the quarter.  Let me spend a moment on discontinued operation. As Jim mentioned, in May, we announced that HighMount is pursuing strategic alternative, including a potential sale of the business. We initiated a process during the quarter that we expect will result in the sale of HighMount. Accordingly HighMount assets and liabilities have been reclassified as held for sale as of June 30, 2014 and are reported at estimated fair value, based mainly on market response to date. The associated impairment, together with the results of operations of HighMount have been classified as discontinued operation.  During the second quarter, Loews recognized an after-tax loss from discontinued operations of $192 million related to HighMount, which includes an impairment loss of $167 million to reflect the excess carrying value of HighMount over its estimated fair value. Additionally, this impairment loss reflects certain estimated exit and disposal costs. We expect that the impairment will be subject to subsequent adjustment, which could be positive or negative as the sale process reaches its conclusion. HighMounts operating results are also included in discontinued operations and will continue to be until the close of the transaction.  Finally, discontinued operations in the second quarter included after-tax income of $5 million from Continental Assurance Company, CNA's run-off annuity and pension deposit business. As Jim mentioned, the sale of CAC closed last week.  For the six months ended June 30, 2014, income from continuing operations was $568 million or $1.47 per share as compared to $583 million or $1.49 per share in the prior year period. CNA's contribution to income from continuing operations, including net realized losses, was $235 million in the second quarter of 2014 versus $172 million last year. The main positive factors impacting CNA's year-over-year increase were improved result in CNA specialty business and in its life and group segment, together with a one-time curtailment gain from the elimination of certain postretirement medical benefits. Offsetting these positives were lower earnings in CNA Commercial, stemming from unfavorable prior year development.  Additionally, CNA's second quarter earnings in 2013 benefited from a legal settlement attributable to CNA Commercial.  Diamond Offshores contribution to income from continuing operations for the second quarter of 2014 was $42 million, compared to $87 million in the prior year quarter. Diamonds year-over-year earnings decrease was primarily due to reduced contract drilling revenues as diamond experienced more rig downtime because of scheduled surveys and rigs being sacked [ph]. Higher contract drilling expenses relating mainly to the surveys also contributed to the profit decline.  Boardwalk Pipelines contribution to income from continuing operations was $17 million in this years second quarter as compared to $22 million in Q2 2013. Boardwalk income was basically flat year-over-year, excluding gains on the sale of operating gas, which were significant in last years second quarter.  I would also note that last week, Loews entered into a 10-year $300 million subordinated debt agreement with Boardwalk, under which Boardwalk has the right to borrow at any time until year-end 2015. The purpose of this facility is to help Boardwalk finance various growth projects.  Loews Hotels & Resorts contributed $5 million to income from continuing operations, up from 1 million in the second quarter of 2013. The earnings improvement was driven by a 12% year-over-year increase in RevPAR in owned and joint venture hotels, with much of the improvement coming from properties that have recently undergone renovation.  Holding company cash and investments at quarter end totaled $4.9 billion as compared to $5 billion at the end of March. We received $135 million in dividends from our subsidiaries in the second quarter of 2014 which breaks down as follows: $61 million from CAN, $61 million from Diamond, and $13 million from Boardwalk.  During the first half of 2014, we received $512 million in dividends from our subsidiaries, up from $364 million for the first half of 2013. As a reminder, CNA paid a $1 per share special dividend during this year's first quarter.  In terms of returning capital to Loews shareholders, we paid $24 million in cash dividends during the second quarter of 2014 and spent $171 million buying back 3.9 million shares of Loews common stock. We continue to repurchase shares after the quarter ended. From July 1 through August 1, we bought back a further 2.45 million shares of Loews common stock for $107 million.  I will now hand the call back to Jim.
James Tisch: Thank you, David. Before we open up the call for the questions, I wanted to add that over the last few years the industries in which our subsidiaries operate have certainly witnessed tremendous changes. We all know that change brings both risk and importantly opportunity. Our experience with HighMount unquestionably has been disappointing, we believe that each of our other subsidiaries, CAN, Boardwalk, Diamond Offshore and Loews Hotels have real opportunities ahead that should in the long-term benefit all Loews shareholders.  Now Id like to turn the call back over to Mary. 
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Lorri, at this time wed like to open the call up for questions. Can you please give participants instructions on how to do that?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Michael Millman of Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: Thank you. Assuming that you are able to dispose HighMount roughly we have it on the books, would that actually create a tax loss that you could use if you decided to sell some other assets?
James Tisch: Mike, I dont want to comment that at what price we might be selling HighMount. But yes, we would expect that the sale to generate additional tax benefits that we should be able to utilize in the future. 
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: And also again whats your plan on -- assuming you sell with the cash proceeds in the near-term
James Tisch: We have no plans. We currently have $4.9 billion. For the past several quarters weve had roughly $5 billion and as I am fond of saying over a long period of time we don't let cash burn a hole in our pockets.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Jim, can you talk a little bit about the bond market right now and what you're doing  and are you concerned, are there opportunities  
James Tisch: To quote myself, I think from sometime before, the yield is too darn low. The yield on 10-year note right now is about 2.5%, inflation is about 2% based on the CPI and in a normal world you would expect to see a 10-year note probably 150 to 250 basis points higher than the current yield. But CNA is in the business of managing a fixed income portfolio. We cant have all our assets and starks. And we just have to grin and bear it at CNA with respect to the relatively low yields the were able to obtain. For our non-matched portfolio were trying to keep that portfolio as short as we can and the benefit of the rolldown in the yield curves as the securities and we owned securities. With respect to our match portfolio, we were fortunate enough a year ago at this time to be buying a lot of municipal bonds which have worked to be very attractive investments for us. We were able to lots of securities with four, five and thin-film 6% coupons and those have gone up dramatically in pricing, have been used we pre-bought those securities because it was such a good margin and have been using that to fund some of our match liabilities. 
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Is there anything that you can do with derivatives to protect yourself from rising rates?
James Tisch: Not really. CNA has the ability and intent to hold securities surprise recovery. So we just don't worry about it. 
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the call to Mary Skafidas just for anything or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas : Thanks, Lorri and thank you for all joining our call. Replay will available on our their loews.com in approximately two years. That conclude todays call.
Operator: Thank you participation in the Loews second quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas  Vice President of Investor and Public Relations James S. Tisch  President, Chief Executive Officer, Member of the Office of the President, and Director Peter W. Keegan  Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analyst: David Adelman  Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets
 :
Operator: Welcome to the Loews first quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Ill now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Public Relations.
Mary Skafidas : A copy of our earnings release an earnings snapshot may be found on our website www.Loews.com. On the call this morning we have our Chief Executive Officer Jim Tisch and our Chief Financial Officer Peter Keegan. Following our prepared remarks this morning we will have a question and answer session. Before we begin however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer which is included in the companys filings with the SEC. During the call today we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our securities filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loewss Chief Executive Officer Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch : As youve seen from our press release, Loews reported net income from continuing operations of $245 million or $0.63 per share compared to $234 million or $0.60 per share for the first quarter of 2013. Our results were impacted by several unusual items which will be discussed by Pete Keegan later on in the call. This is Petes last quarterly call as CFO after some 17 years with Loews in that position. Lets first proceed with the call and then Ill come back to share some thoughts about Pete. Lets start with CNA. There was some noise in CNAs results this past quarter. Catastrophes primarily related to the harsh winter weather affected first quarter loss and combined rations by 4.5 points. Excluding cats in prior year development however, CNAs underwriting margin improved almost four points as compared to the same period last year. Also affecting first quarter results was a loss from discontinued operations of $186 million related to the sale of Continental Assurance Company which was announced last quarter and then scheduled to close in the next few months. CAC is a non-core business and its divestiture will help reduce future earnings volatility and free up statutory capital. While the pace of property and casualty rate increases has slowed compared to the fourth quarter of 2013, CNA continues to seek appropriate rate increases based on its underwriting of each individual account. Overall, we continue to be pleased with CNAs progress. Turning to Diamond Offshore, the offshore drilling market has certainly gotten a lot of press recently and I want to build on the comments offered last week by Diamonds new CEO Marc Edwards. It is no secret that the operating environment for the offshore drilling industry has become more competitive across all water depths. While no one can predict where day rates will go, we believe that Diamond is well positioned to weather all market conditions. The offshore drilling market is a cyclical business. By maintaining the strongest balance sheet and the best credit ratings in the industry, we are confident that Diamond will be able to take advantage of that cyclicality as it has done in the past. Diamond may have the opportunity to buy rigs at distressed prices as it did in 09 with the Ocean Courage and the Ocean Valor. If day rates rise of course, Diamond will benefit from the improved capabilities of its fleet so rain or shine we believe that Diamonds long term prospects remain bright. Also, through April Diamond purchased $88 million of its own stock. As Marc Edwards said on the Diamond call last week, this was an opportunistic purchase but paying dividends to shareholders remains the top priority of the company. Next, to Boardwalk. On our last call we discussed the challenges that the Marcellus and Utica shale plays are creating in the short term. However, we believe that these plays, can in the long run, provide significant opportunities for growth especially now that the company is better positioned due to Boardwalks increased access to internally generated capital. As an example, Boardwalk has recently seen significant interest in moving natural gas north to south on a Texas gas pipeline. Last quarter, Boardwalk announced the Ohio to Louisiana access project and since then the company has strong interest for its second open season which concluded on April 22 to transport natural gas south. Boardwalk may have an opportunity to transport over one billion cubic feet per day of gas north to south should these combined projects go forward. In terms of Bluegrass, Sam mentioned on the Boardwalk call earlier today that so far we have been unable to obtain enough firm customer contract commitments to proceed with the project. Boardwalk will continue to consider all of their options. Before I turn the call over to Pete, I also want to add that the Cabana Bay Beach Resort opened 600 of its 1,800 rooms in March with the rest of the rooms and suites scheduled to open in June. Cabana Bay is Loews' fourth hotel in Orlando and a continuation of Loews Hotels very successful partnership with Universal Studios. Pete, over to you.
Peter W. Keegan : As Jim mentioned, Loews Corporation today reported income from continuing operations for the first quarter of 2014 of $245 million or $0.63 per share compared to $234 million or $0.60 per share in 2013. Our first quarter results include the following unusual items: a loss from discontinued operations of $186 million related to CNA Financial Corporations pending sale of Continental Assurance Company, its annuity and pension deposit business; a charge at Boardwalk of $55 million after tax and non-controlling interest on the write off of cost related to the Bluegrass project; and lastly, at HighMount we incurred a $19 million after tax ceiling test impairment charge related to the carrying value of HighMounts natural gas and oil properties. By comparison, HighMount had an impairment charge of $92 million after tax in the first quarter of 2013. For Loews book value per share excluding accumulated other comprehensive income increased to $49.43 at March 31, 2014 from $48.48 at March 31, 2013. CNAs contribution to Loews income from continuing operations for the first quarter was $200 million as compared to $218 million for the first quarter of 2013. The decrease in CNAs earnings was primarily due to lower net investment income, higher catastrophe losses and lower favorable net prior year development partially offset by improved non-catastrophe current accident year underwriting results and higher realized investment gains. Diamond Offshores contribution to Loews net income for the first quarter was $69 million as compared to $82 million for the first quarter of last year. Diamond Offshores earnings decreased primarily due to lower rig utilization and increased interest expense as a result of higher debt levels. These decreases were partially offset by an overall increase in day rates. Our Boardwalk Pipeline segment reported a loss of $18 million for the first quarter of 2014 compared to income of $33 million in the first quarter of 2013. The write off of the Bluegrass project costs were the primary driver of this quarterly loss. As previously reported Loews has funded the majority of these costs to-date. Boardwalk Pipeline Partners recognized $10 million of the $55 million charge I stated earlier. HighMount reported a loss of $20 million for the first quarter of 2014 compared to a loss of $88 million for the same period last year. As I mentioned earlier in the call, both quarters were affected by ceiling test impairment charges. HighMounts first quarter production volumes and realized prices, which included the benefit of hedges are as follows: natural gas production was 7.5 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $4.06 per 1,000 cubic feet; natural gas liquids production was 433,000 barrels at an average realized price of $32.26 per barrel; and oil production was 126,000 barrels at an average price of $89.86 per barrel. HighMount had hedges in place as of March 31, 2014 that covered approximately 59% and 28.3% of its total estimated 2014 and 2015 natural gas equivalent production at weighted average prices of $5.56 and $4.12 per MCFE. Loews Hotels & Resorts contribution to Loews results for the first quarter was $3 million as compared to breakeven results for the first quarter of 2013. Holding Company cash and investments as of March 31, 2014 totaled $5 billion as compared to $4.7 billion at December 31, 2014. We received $377 million in dividends from our subsidiaries in the first quarter of 2014 which breaks down as follows: $303 million in regular and special dividends from CNA; $61 million in regular and special dividends from Diamond; and $13 million from Boardwalk. We paid $24 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the first quarter of 2014. Through April 25, 2014 we bought back 1.1 million shares of Loews common stock for $48 million. Now, Ill turn the call back to Jim.
James S. Tisch : Not only for your report on this quarters financials but for every report youve delivered over the past 17 years, this is Petes last time on the call and I want to take a moment to sing his praises. Pete Keegan has played a critical role here at Loews Corporation and as anyone who has been on these calls with us can confirm, he has played it magnificently. He has contributed significantly to our ability to create value for shareholders by always steering our financial course with a steady and experienced hand. Pete joined Loews in 1997 and Ive been lucky enough to work closely with him as our CFO for all that time. Ive known him since 1986 when he became the CFO at CBS. All of us at Lowes, along with our shareholders, have benefitted from his financial expertise, his wisdom, his unflappable demeanor, and his extensive understanding of our businesses. Luckily, we wont have to give up any of that since Pete has agreed to stay on as a senior advisor. That being said however, next quarter you listeners will transition from the reassuring base vocals of Pete Keegan to the mellifluous tons of David Edelson who we are delighted to remind you, will take over as CFO in May. Dont say we didnt warn you. Now, Ill turn the call over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas : At this time wed like to open up the call for questions. Can you please instruction the participants on how to do that.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Adelman  Morgan Stanley.
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: Jim, three questions. First, with the write off of the cost associated with the Bluegrass project, going forward prospectively can something be done differently to minimize the potential write offs when theres ambiguity surrounding the prospects for projects like that?
James S. Tisch : Its a cost of doing business. The project, if it were built and I do believe that there will be what we call a wide range pipeline built from the Marcellus down to Louisiana or Texas, if its built the payoff would have been enormous and the cost to be incurred were simply the entrance fee in order to be able to put together a serious enough proposal to customers that its taken seriously. This proposal was taken very seriously but my guess is that it was a year or two before its time.
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: Does the current status of it versus what it might have been, or the prospects for building it, or committing a lot of capital six months ago, does that alter at all your thinking about the necessary or appropriate level of cash you want to have at the holding company level?
James S. Tisch : Yes, it does free up some of the cash that we have. There would have been a significant amount of cash that would have been needed for the Bluegrass project and now that is looking much less likely.
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: Then lastly, with Diamonds decision to buy back stock can you talk not just in that instance but with your publically traded subsidiaries how sort of the balance or the potential interaction, how it exists and how it operates when a subsidiary is going to buy back stock? In other words, with respect to Lowes own independent prospects is thinking about buying stock to increase its stake in that subsidiary.
James S. Tisch : First of all, the subsidiary always goes first so if Loews wanted to buy stock and if the board of Diamond decided it wanted to buy stock, Diamond would go first. This was a decision that was reached by the board of directors of Diamond because they felt that the price of the stock did not reflect the value of Diamond Offshore and thought that that was a good use for the cash of Diamond Offshore. Having said that, the dividend, both regular and special dividends, are a top priority for Diamond and the board felt that making these purchases would not interfere with the ability to pay dividends or the ability in the future to possibly buy rig assets in the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: As you know, Im an insurance guy and we operate as well as we can, but if you like the value of Boardwalk in the 30s, why wouldnt you have increased your stake down here?
James S. Tisch : We do not comment on why we buy assets or dont buy them. There are lots of reasons for us not buying an asset other than we dont think the price is appropriate. We just as a rule dont try to justify the lack of action.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: That makes sense clearly however, you think the price of Boardwalk is terribly undervalued at the moment?
James S. Tisch : Yes.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: In terms of now the cash that might have been used towards building the Bluegrass pipeline, you have more cash than you expected to have at this time. Do you feel cash heavy at Loews or do you feel comfortable with the position right now?
James S. Tisch : I feel very comfortable with the amount of cash we have. Weve had more cash. In the future we still stand ready to help Boardwalk should they need help on financing some of their capital projects. But as I said in my comments, Boardwalk now has substantially more internally generated capital that will allow it to finance these projects on its own. The thing that I am not surprised about is that Boardwalk is now seeing lots of opportunities for growth projects along its system as we see the flow of gas that previously had gone south to north now starting to move north to south and so I feel good about the investment prospects for Boardwalk.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: I realize its a small part, but it is not publicly traded, can you talk about hotels a little bit? Given the opening of the New York hotel, are you seeing any economies of scale benefits as you expanded properties and the flagship property opens? Is there a way for you to cut expenses across the system?
James S. Tisch : Our system is actually increasing pretty significantly. We added hotels in Boston, in Washington, we have the new Cabana Bay Beach Resort in Orlando, we have a new hotel thats going to have the Loews name in a few months in Minneapolis, so while the system is expanding our overhead expenses are not so yes, that should help us very much with our efficiency.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Can you talk a little bit about margin, what you margin is today versus what you think is an appropriate margin?
James S. Tisch : As you may or may not know, we tend not to give forecasts on our calls.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Thats sure. I am thinking not a forecast, but what you think your kind of business ought to be operating at. Theres no forecast, theres no timeline associated with it but the kind of business youre in where you think it would be running at efficiency if it were running at that level.
James S. Tisch : Im just not going to answer that question. Ill just say that we have high hopes and expectations for the earnings of our hotel company.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: If you can give us the [inaudible] a little bit more for starting with Diamond, you indicated that it is a cyclical business and prices have gone down but there would seem theres got to be some driver? Is it that theres too much capacity, is it that theres concern from potential oil drillers that the amount of gas coming out is going to keep prices and demand for oil flat, or other things? Then Id kind of like to go through Boardwalk and maybe HighMount as well.
James S. Tisch : With respect to Diamond I think your question is what are the reasons why day rates have moved down off of their peak and the answer, I think you hit both answers in your question. Number one, there is an increasing number of high step drilling rigs that continue to be delivered into the marketplace so the supply of rigs is continuing to increase. There is three year visibility on that because it takes three years from the time a rig is ordered until the time a rig is delivered. So, we can expect for the next several years to see an increasing number of high spec rigs on the market. Number two, going back about six months now, oil companies have been cutting their capital budgets. Many oil companies were operating at negative cash flows and like all of a sudden they all realized that they cant continue doing that and so they have pulled back somewhat from the rig market. Theyre not chartering as many rigs as rapidly and as a result of the increase in the supply and the lessening of demand weve seen day rates go down. This is what always happens in this industry. It is, as you know, a cyclical industry and at some point in time day rates will stop going down and move up again.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: On Boardwalk, it seems you talk about the potential of lots of projects. How close are we to actually getting a project or projects started and how long before those may pay off?
James S. Tisch : Well, for example, just a few months ago Boardwalk had an open season and is moving forward with moving gas out from the Marcellus down towards Louisiana. Then just last week, the second open season for that came to an end and that seems to have been a successful open season. I can tell you that Boardwalks drawing board there are lots of plans for expansion of its system in all types of places. None of those projects has been announced yet but our development people are keeping very busy with new ideas and opportunities for growth.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: Can you give us a timeline when we can expect the company to feel comfortable, and I suppose to getting back to paying the dividends it had been paying?
James S. Tisch : I cant give you a timeline. What I can say to you though is that Boardwalk is now operating more like a C corp where they generate their own internally generated capital to finance a lot of their growth projects. There is no doubt that at some point in time Boardwalk would like to move back to what I would call the MLP model where they pay out most of their distributable cash flow as distributions but, for the foreseeable future, they are going to continue as they are now.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: Whats the reason for doing it that way?
James S. Tisch : The reason is that if most of the distributable cash flow were paid out as distributions then in order to fund its capital program, Boardwalk would have to sell shares at prices that would be very dilutive to the existing shareholders. So instead, the board of Boardwalk has decided not to undergo that dilution but rather to dramatically reduce the distribution so that these projects could be internally funded so that the leverage in the company could be brought down and that this strategy would provide the best results for the people that are holding for the intermediate to long term.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: Are we talking two years or are we talking more like five years?
James S. Tisch : I cant give you a time.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: HighMount, its basically all about getting gas prices to rise?
James S. Tisch : Its two things: number one, gas prices to rise would be very nice; and number two, HighMount continues to science experiment as it looks to see how it can produce oil economically in its [inaudible] properties.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: Periodically youve given an update on your view of what the sum of the pieces were and I was wondering if you have a sort of rough analysis that you can share with us today?
James S. Tisch : We provide that in our annual report. We provide it graphically. Its pretty easy for anyone to do, all you do is take the outstanding number of shares of Loews and you look at how many shares of each subsidiary we have and that tells you how much per share of Loews we have in each subsidiary. Just roughly speaking, for every share of Loews there are about .62 of CNA, there are about .18 shares of Diamond, and about .32 shares of Boardwalk. Like I said, thats simple division. Thats number of shares of each subsidiary that we own divided by the number of Loews shares outstanding.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: Ive done that for 20 years that way but what I was looking for was help on the private pieces, how you valued the hotels, HighMount, and the Boardwalk that doesnt trade?
James S. Tisch : Well, you know how much cash we have which is at last report about $4.7 billion, you net that against the debt and then I leave it to you to come up with your own fearless forecast for the value of Loews Hotel, the value of HighMount and the value of the Boardwalk general partner.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: I guess HighMount do you think its conservative, liberal, or accurately at cost? Is there some hidden value there?
James S. Tisch : Im sure you can tell I dont want to provide managements estimates of the value of the non-public pieces. Its just something that we dont like to do.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: In the past at the investor days you have given us sort of a rough way to think about those but we should do that on our own from here on out?
James S. Tisch : Yes.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: You reinstituted a buyback program which had been sort of dormant and you hinted that the bluegrass was behind that, how close were you to making the full contribution given you think its a great idea but a year or two early? What would be the arguments against funding it yourselves?
James S. Tisch : Funding what ourselves?
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: The Bluegrass project. How close were you to making a decision to fund it? Was it a layup to not do it?
James S. Tisch : I would say this, that the producers in the Marcellus currently have enough takeaway capacity for the next two years and they seem not to be thinking above that timeframe for what to do with their natural gas liquids. So like I said, my guess is that we were a year or two early, we being Boardwalk.
Bob Glasspiegel  Janney Capital Markets: So it was a pretty clear decision not to go forward from your perspective based on that?
James S. Tisch : Yes.
Operator: We have reached the allotted time for questions and answers. I will now return the call to Mary Skafidas for any additional or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas : Thank you all for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website in about two hours. That concludes todays call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Loews first quarter earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-10 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President, Investor & Public Relations Jim Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President Peter Keegan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: David Adelman - Morgan Stanley Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital Andy Baker - Barclays Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Michael Millman - Millman Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Loews Fourth Quarter Earnings and Year-End 2013 Conference Call. A copy of our earnings release and earnings snapshot may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Keegan. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call may include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and thank you for joining us on our call. Today's report contains some disappointing news. No business or industry can escape the occasional bump in the road and it just so happens that several of our companies that has bumped at the same time. But, before I share any of that news with you, I want to make clear that this quarter has not altered my view of the fundamental strength of Loews and all of our subsidiaries. I feel certain that there are smoother roads ahead. Loews maintains the strong and flexible balance sheet including significant amounts of cash, so we can manage through cyclical downturn and position ourselves and our subsidiaries for future success and long-term value creation. Enough of the preamble, on with the call. As you have seen from our press release, Loews reported full-year 2014 net income of $597 million compared to $558 million in 2012. And likewise, for the fourth quarter, Loews reported a net of loss $198 million compared to a net loss of $32 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. I want to touch on some key points and then return  then turn the call over to Pete Keegan regarding some more detail about our quarterly and full-year results which includes several unusual items. 2014 was a mixed year for our subsidiaries. It was a very good year for CNA as the company continued to improve its underwriting margins and generated its highest income since 2006. CNA's combined ratio excluding catastrophes and development improved by five points. The statutory capital grew by 11% year-over-year and net operating income was very strong. As evidence of CNA's strong capital position and improved underwriting performance, CNA announced this morning that it has declared a special dividend of $1 per share and increased its quarterly dividend to $0.25 per share. With a quarterly dividend at that rate for the full-year 2014, Loews will receive close to $500 million in dividends from CNA alone. We are very pleased with CNA's improvement and believe that the company is well-positioned for growth and profitability. For other subsidiaries such as Boardwalk and HighMount, the past year was challenging as both companies operated in difficult environment. Let's start by reviewing the current space of the U.S. natural gas market, which affects both Boardwalk and HighMount. Production from shale plays such as the Marcellus and Utica shale continues to grow making more traditional natural gas plays like HighMount's Sonora field uneconomic to drill at current gas prices. The Marcellus and Utica shales are also having a significant impact on the economics of natural gas transportation. Natural gas was traditionally has been transported from the Gulf Coast to markets in the Northeast is being displaced in the Northeast by Marcellus and Utica Shale production. In just two years, natural gas production has grown from 16 cubic feet per day to 13 billion cubic feet per day and could exceed 25 billion cubic feet per day by 2020. As a result, dramatically less natural gas is being shipped from the Gulf Coast to the Northeast. Therefore, long-haul transportation rates are under pressure. And likewise, pipeline contracts are being renewed at lower prices and for shorter terms. Increased Northeast gas production has also led to a compression of seasonal spread and reduced volatility thereby diminishing the value of natural gas storage. All of these factors are significantly impacted Boardwalk's financial performance and its ability to maintain its current distribution to shareholders. In response to the current environment and in order to strengthen its balance sheet and better position the company for long-term growth, Boardwalk announced earlier today a reduction in its cash distribution per unit. Keep in mind that Boardwalk still generates copious amount of cash. Boardwalk has reduced its distribution not because of the company -- not because the company is financially distressed rather this action is driven by Boardwalk's desire to reduce its leverage ratio through a combination of higher EBITDA from internally funded capital projects and GAAP reduction. The distribution reduction should also dramatically reduce the company's need to access the equity markets, which should allow Boardwalk to avoid what could be considerable dilution to all unit holders. Additionally, Loews is prepared to offer Boardwalk up to $300 million in subordinated debt to support planned growth projects in 2014. While in the short-term, the Marcellus and Utica shale plays are creating challenges for Boardwalk. They could in the long run provide significant opportunities for growth. Boardwalk concluded its open season for the Ohio-to-Louisiana Access Project on its Texas Gas Interstate Pipeline System, which will provide natural gas transportation from the Marcellus and Utica shale through diverse delivery in markets in Louisiana. Although small, it is indicative of future opportunities that may rise from growth in the Marcellus and Utica shale play. As Boardwalk CEO, Stan Horton mentioned on their call earlier today, the company also concluded its open season for the proposed Bluegrass project. Boardwalk continues to analyze results of the open season engage in ongoing discussion with potential customers and evaluate the projects. In the past, we have expressed our willingness to offer financial support to growth projects at Boardwalk, should Bluegrass go forward, we would expect to continue to partner with Boardwalk on this project. Loews would also consider partnering with Boardwalk on other larger opportunities. Let's turn to HighMount. As we have mentioned for a number of quarters, HighMount operating results continue to be negatively affected by relatively low prices for natural gas and natural gas liquids as well as the lack of successful development of new proved reserves. Both of these factors are reflected in HighMount's ceiling test impairment charge in goodwill write-down. HighMount has more than 500,000 acres in Sonora, Texas, where it has historically drilled for and produced natural gas. As you know, HighMount previously suspended its natural gas focused drilling program in Sonora and has refocused its efforts on drilling for oil, primarily in the Wolfcamp zone within its Sonora acreage. HighMount continues its science experiments by testing landing zones, frac designs and completion technique to determine the economic viability of developing an oil drilling program in the Wolfcamp. We are hopeful that HighMount's science experiment will be successful and that the company will be able to commercially exploit the oil reserves within the Wolfcamp stay tuned. Before turning the call over to Pete Keegan, I want to add a shameless pitch for the newly reopened Loews Regency Hotel in New York. They have truly done an incredible job, the place sparkles. Please come visit the Regency and see for yourself. Now, over to Pete.
Peter Keegan: Thanks Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Jim mentioned Loews Corporation today reported net income for 2013 of $595 million or $1.53 per share compared to $568 million or $1.43 per share in 2012. For the fourth quarter of 2013, Loews reported a net loss of $198 million or $0.51 per share as compared to a net loss of $32 million or $0.08 per share in the fourth quarter of 2012. Loews' fourth quarter and full-year 2013 results included the following two unusual items. First, CNA took $123 million after-tax charge in the fourth quarter related to the reinsurance contract for asbestos and pollution liabilities that was entered into in 2010 with National Indemnity, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. As you may recall, CNA purchased $4 billion in reinsurance coverage from National Indemnity, in return for $2.2 billion of assets in a transaction referred to as a loss portfolio transfer. Under the arcane rules of retroactive reinsurance accounting as CNA increased its reserves for asbestos and pollution above $2.2 billion, it is allowed to recognize only a portion of that reserve increase as a reinsurance benefit. CNA is required to record the balance as a period expense. Over the life of the contract, the net income impacted these reserve increases up to the $4 billion limit will net to zero. However, because of the requirements of retroactive reinsurance accounting for the life of the contract CNA will recognize gains in some years and losses in others. Notably, these accounting entries will have no cash impact on CNA. More information on the charges available in the fourth quarter slide deck on the CNA Investor Relations website. And secondly, at HighMount, as a result of continued softness in the price of natural gas liquids pricing together with negative reserve revisions, the company incurred $52 million after tax ceiling test impairment charge in the fourth quarter and $186 million for the full-year. Additionally, as a result of continued low market prices for natural gas and natural gas liquids, the recent history of quarterly ceiling test impairment charges and negative reserve revisions, HighMount's goodwill impairment analysis determined a write-off of the remaining goodwill balance associated with the Loews acquisition of HighMount is required. The charge in the fourth quarter was $382 million after-tax. For Loews book value per share excluding accumulated other comprehensive income increased to $49.38 at December 31, 2013 from $47.94 at December 31, 2012. CNA's contribution to Loews results for the fourth quarter was income of $199 million as compared to a net loss of $7 million last year. For the full-year of 2013, net income to Loews was $847 million as compared to $570 million for 2012. CNA's earnings increase primarily from improved non-catastrophe current actual year underwriting results, higher investment income and lower catastrophe losses. These increases were partially offset for the charge mentioned earlier, which impacted Loews' net income by $111 million after-tax and non-controlling interest. For prior year was unfavorably affected by catastrophe losses of $170 million after-tax in non-controlling interest related to Storm Sandy. Diamond offshore's contribution to Loews' results for the fourth quarter was income of $44 million as compared to $73 million last year. For the full-year 2013, net income attributed to Loews was $257 million as compared to $337 million to 2012. For the fourth quarter and for the full-year the main factors behind the decrease in Diamond's earnings were lower rig utilization principally due to downtime for scheduled surveys and shipyard projects. And an income tax provision of $57 million or $27 million for Loews after non-controlling interest related to Egyptian operations. Also contributing to the decline was a gain in 2012 of $32 million after-tax and non-controlling interest from the sale of six jack-up rigs. The decreases in 2013 were partially offset by higher day rates as well as the receipt by Diamond of $25 million from Niko Resources as part of the contract settlement related to the Ocean Monarch. Diamond has taken delivery of the Ocean Onyx, which has begun working for Apache and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. In addition, Diamond has taken delivery of the Ocean Black Hornet, the first of its four new build drill ships, which is headed for the U.S. Gulf where it will for work for Anadarko on a five-year contract. Boardwalk pipeline's contribution to Loews' net results for the fourth quarter was $4 million as compared to $31 million last year. For the full-year 2013 net operating income attributable to Loews was $78 million as compared to $111 million for 2012. HighMount's results were significantly impacted by the ceiling test and goodwill impairment charges I already discussed. Excluding these charges, HighMount reported a loss of $19 million for the fourth quarter 2013 compared to income of $9 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. For the full-year 2013, HighMount posted a net loss of $5 million as compared to income of $26 million for 2012. HighMount's fourth quarter production volumes and realized prices which included the benefits of hedges are as follows. Natural gas production was 8 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $4.38 per 1000 cubic feet, natural gas liquids production was 496.2000 barrels at an average realized price of $36.10 per barrel and oil production was 133.3000 barrels at an average price of $92.97 per barrel. HighMount has hedges in place as of December 31, 2013; it covered approximately 59.9% and 20.9% of its total estimated 2014 and 2015 natural gas equivalent production at weighted average prices of $5.52 and $4.24 per Mcfe. Loews Hotels and Resorts had a net loss of $5 million for the fourth quarter of 2013 as compared to a net loss of $2 million last year. For the full-year 2013, Loews Hotels had a net loss of $3 million as compared to net income of $7 million for 2012. Results was significantly impacted by the renovation of the Loews Regency Hotel in New York, which reopened in January 2014 after being closed for about a year as well as acquisitions and transition costs of newly acquired hotels. Holding company cash and investments as of December 31, 2013, totaled $4.7 billion as compared to $4.8 billion for the period ended September 30, 2013. We received $189 million in dividends from our subsidiaries in the fourth quarter of 2013 and $736 million in dividends for the full-year. From CNA, Loews received $49 million of dividends in the fourth quarter of 2013 and $194 million in dividends for the year. From Diamonds, Loews received $62 million in dividends in the fourth quarter of 2013 and $245 million in dividends for the year. From Boardwalk, Loews received $78 million in dividends in the fourth quarter of 2013 and $297 million in dividends for the year. We paid $24 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the fourth quarter of 2013 and $97 million for the year. We did not buy back any shares in the fourth quarter. For the year, we brought back 4.9 million shares of Loews common stock for $218 million and that completes my remarks. And I'll turn the call back over to Jim.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Pete. Before we open up the call for questions, I wanted to add that Loews firmly believe in the benefits of portfolio diversification. At any given time our subsidiaries face different market environments, some challenging, others more hospitable. Today Boardwalk faces market headwinds that remains financially sound although Boardwalk's recent announcement may be disappointing we believe that the company's action will support long-term financial strength and future growth of the company and will benefit all of its shareholders including Loews in the long-term. Now, I will turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jim. Jackie, at this time, we would like to open up the call for any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of David Adelman with Morgan Stanley.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, Jim.
Jim Tisch: Good morning, David.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: A couple of things I wanted to ask, Jim. First, is there any linkage whatsoever between what will obviously be a cash shortfall or a significant reduction in the cash flow that Loews will receive from Boardwalk at least in the coming year, with respect to both the action of CNA to pay a one-time special dividend and/or the timing of that action?
Jim Tisch: Dave, believe it or not there absolutely was no connection between the two. CNA came to the realization on their loan that they had excess capital and wanted to pay a special dividend and so notified us the people of CNA did not know what was going on at Boardwalk, and likewise we did not tell them nor we prod them for special dividend which is purely coincidence.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, Jim, as it relates to the magnitude of the reduction in the dividend at Boardwalk, what was the thinking to do something so dramatic as opposed to perhaps a more moderate increase, build up the  improve the capital structure there over time and not have such a dramatic, immediate effect?
Jim Tisch: Well, first of all, this dividend reduction is done from a position of strength. The reason that Boardwalk -- the Board of Boardwalk cut the dividend so dramatically is because they wanted to make sure that the company would have the capital that is needed to finance growth projects for Boardwalk as well as both having the ability to bring the debt to EBITDA levels down to the 4-to-1 range. So it was really done from a position of strength, it was done with the thought in mind that they want to project the holders of Boardwalk from dilution that might occur from a reduction in  a modest reduction in the dividend whereby the company would have to continue to access the equity markets. And the Board decided that the best way to protect long-term investor value was to make this more draconian type so that the company would not have to access nearly as much of the capital markets.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: And when you look at over time, Jim, at the capital pipeline for Boardwalk, its investment opportunities including Bluegrass, do you feel as if Boardwalk will be able to fund its level of contribution to those development projects without incurring significant dilution, without having to issue a significant number of new units, and remotely close to the current unit price?
Jim Tisch: Yes. Boardwalk is going to save 100s of million of dollars otherwise would have been paid as dividend that now can be used to finance these capital projects. And as you firmly say before and I will say it again, I think there will be lots of opportunities for Boardwalk to invest at attractive rate. Yes. There is no doubt that the company is suffering from the effects of the Marcellus -- the increased Marcellus and Utica Shale production. But the other thing that's going on is that the amount of natural gas that's going to be produced in the United States is increasing and will increase dramatically. Natural gas produced in the United States now is about 66 billion cubic feet per day that in the next 10 years that could increase by one-third with the effect of increased gas consumption in the United States, as well as the export of natural gas. All that gas is going to have to move on pipelines from one place to another and that is going to mean that they will have to continue to be a very significant buildup of our natural gas pipeline system and Boardwalk is now very well-positioned to be able to participate in that and to benefit from it.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Two other things Jim, the issue that Boardwalk and HighMount, do they make Loews less inclined more inclined or there no change at all with respect to the appetite to do a  to buy a business outside of one of your core existing operations?
Jim Tisch: When we think about investments we think about buying outside of our business about repurchasing our shares and about investing in our subsidiaries. So yes, with respect to Boardwalk, we've said that we're willing to commit $300 million in subordinated debt and we will also on a case-by-case basis willing to help them out with large investments. When we think about -- so that will cause some  we will have reserve some of our cash for that and likewise if Boardwalk moves ahead with the Bluegrass project we'll have to reserve cash for that. So remember, we are going to have more cash flow at Loews this year some of our subsidiaries assuming the current dividend rate compared to last year. So Loews will still have significant amount of cash flow and we're starting from the base of $4.7 billion. So to the extent that we should find an acquisition candidate that we think has zero long-term value creation possibility for us would be happy to move forward.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then one last thing, if I could. It appears that in the discrete fourth quarter at HighMount there was an impairment charge not related to goodwill impairment am I correct? And what exactly was written down?
Pete Keegan: It was some equipment that can no longer be used.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Janney Capital.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: Good morning, Loews team.
Jim Tisch: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: A question on natural gas prices, when I look at the Henry Hub price that was up 25% in 2013 and another 39% year-to-date, how does that impact the reserve charges that you took; I mean if you had been using the $5.99 price, would there have been less of a write-down?
Jim Tisch: Pete, why don't you talk about the mechanics behind the reserve charge?
Pete Keegan: No. It really wouldn't have materially affected it. The way you do the ceiling test Bob is a four quarter historical rolling average. So any one quarter doesn't really change it that much so the ceiling test might have been minimally impacted but not much. The goodwill test is totally different test, it's a two step process, you either pass or fail step one, which is based on all kind of market metrics if you fail, which we did you then go to step two and its like redoing purchase price accounting, allocate between gas assets and whatever is left over is goodwill and we did that calculation. There was nothing left over for goodwill. And that was while it's related to pricing its not heavily related to current pricing.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: If the Henry Hub price had been $5.99 for the trailing four quarters, would that have mattered?
Pete Keegan: Yes.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: And if it stays at --
Pete Keegan: I don't know how much we have to go do the calculation, but yes.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: And my assumption is, if it stays at $5.99, there is no sort of write-up?
Pete Keegan: There is no write-up. You just don't have another write-down potentially.
Jim Tisch: That's number one and number two, if it stayed at $.599 that would really be in defiance of the forward curve which shows natural gas moving back down towards fourth.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: Right. What does where the forward curve imply to sort of the economics of the business today? Where does it have to go to, to be the economic -- to process the gas?
Jim Tisch: So as you look out at the United States there are different areas that have different costs -- different areas have different cost of producing natural gas different economics. So generally, we've assumed that after the Marcellus, the next area is going to come on with additional production would be a place like the Haynesville. And Sonora is behind Haynesville and the few other shales such that those other areas will probably have to come on first before it is economic for us to drill for natural gas in Sonora.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: So what price would it have to be, I didn't quite that Jim?
Jim Tisch: A $1 probably north of $5.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: So north of $5. What is your thought process in retaining this business unit? You still think there is long-term potential, I assume, or there is no market to sell? But what's the argument for keeping this --
Jim Tisch: The gas there that's in the ground that has not been drilled is not going to disappear and one day that could become economic to produce. Two things could happen, number one prices could increase and number two, there could be new technology that make it possible to drill that. Next as we said we are, there are different stratas within our field in Sonora that do hold large amount of oil and specifically I mentioned during my comments that we are drilling in the Wolfcamp within Sonora, we drilled a number of wells that we call our science experiment to see if we can figure out how to move to development drillings in a commercial manner. We are not there yet but over the next several quarters hopefully we'll have more to say about that.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: Okay. Last series of questions. What was your pension gain from a book perspective in the fourth quarter? What do you think the EPS impact prospectively will be and what will the funding needs change prospectively?
Pete Keegan: Our qualified pension is pretty small, Bob. So while we did get a pick up and especially fully funded, we did get a pick up as a result of the change in the discount rate is virtually everybody did. The impact on expense is pretty minimal because our plant is fully funded there isn't much expense and it isn't going to move the needle very much.
Jim Tisch: Simple answer is for Loews, the parent company and does not necessarily include the --
Pete Keegan: Well, I'm sorry. I assumed that is what you asked, do you want more than that?
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: Well, the CNA changes don't impact Loews.
Pete Keegan: Yes. Ultimately, you'll see it in the consolidated balance sheet. I mean, we still have work in process putting all that together you heard on their call that they had --
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: So the $300 million would flow through that's essentially the nuts of how that flows through for you guys?
Peter Keegan: Yes. That will be reflected in the consolidated balance sheet.
Bob Glasspiegel - Janney Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Baker with Barclays.
Andy Baker - Barclays: Thank you. Good morning thanks for taking the call. Couple of questions on Boardwalk first of all. Can you discuss the sort of thought process on the timeframe of this cut, I mean it's a pretty dramatic cut I assume it's not intended to be resetting Boardwalk's distribution at a dramatically lower level just adjusting the current environment which they operate?
Jim Tisch: Repeat the question.
Andy Baker - Barclays: Just the timeframe you are thinking about these cuts. I assume these are not cuts intended to last resetting $0.010 as the ongoing distribution. I assume it's set to right size their leverage and then, ultimately, they will be moving back up.
Jim Tisch: Yes. I agree with you ultimately they're moving backup that's the decision for the Board of Boardwalk and I don't think that they're thinking right now about when dividend is going to move up they're going to, as any Board would do they're going to look each quarter at the financials of the company at the prospects at as a list of investments they have the market price for Boardwalk shares and will make their decision accordingly.
Andy Baker - Barclays: And the $300 million of subordinated debt, is that just to sort of meeting the needs for growth CapEx or can they also use that to, for them to pay down their senior debt?
Peter Keegan: Well, it's really targeted for growth projects but its cash, if the whole thing is funded so in period it could go to data and debt. But the process of thinking was it is project related.
Andy Baker - Barclays Capital: Okay. As we talked about the dividend policy of all of your subsidiaries today, it seems like an appropriate time to pick up the dividend policy of Loews again. Obviously as your cash now continues to grow up through the $4.7 billion and you haven't raised your dividend, I don't think, in about seven or eight years. Any thought process on if the current Loews parent quarterly distribution is at the appropriate level given your capitalization?
Jim Tisch: So Board discusses it from time-to-time and beyond that I really don't want to go any further on it.
Andy Baker - Barclays Capital: Fair enough. I guess last question, Jim. Any changes to where this $4.7 billion is invested and how you are looking at where the opportunities for returns are in the market?
Jim Tisch: No change at all. We continue to kick tires. We continue to assess the needs of our subsidiaries and also continue to assess possibility for share repurchase.
Andy Baker - Barclays Capital: But, I mean where it currently sits in terms of equities versus fixed income versus hedge funds?
Jim Tisch: I'm sorry. No significant change we have  I think about $700 million of hedge funds investments and another $400 million to $500 million of equity investments and then beyond that it's mostly in short-term investments that earn very, very little.
Andy Baker - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Sorry to make this so much about Boardwalk; obviously it's timely. I know that Andrew sits on the Board and I was wondering to the extent to which  that this was an obvious decision on the part or this was complicated. If Boardwalk is indeed in a state of financial strength right now, in terms of thinking about the timing and everything, to some extent was this  is this an obvious thing to do from the Board's perspective with all their information?
Jim Tisch: Josh, I think so. I can't speak for the Board because I wasn't at the meeting, but when they decided to do this, but I only support the decision. The Board had two different ways that they could go. They could stress and strain and continue to pay the dividend or pay a slightly reduced dividend knowing that they would have to then go into the ethylene market to raise capital in order to make investments in growth projects. And I think what the Board saw is that there could be very, very significant dilution to the existing shareholders. So the Board decided instead to go to the route of significantly cutting the dividend so that the distribution. So that the company could make those accretive investments without any dilution to the unit holders. And I would say that the hope and expectation is that in the future the distribution will be able to be increased to levels that approached any historic levels that they have been at. This was all based on the Board's view of the business outlook and the changes that take place within the natural gas pipeline business.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Understandable. And historically you guys have been patient and understandable owners of cyclical businesses and you understand the concept about buying low and selling high. Would you ever consider increasing your stake in one of your subsidiaries that you have already sold down a piece as prices weaken for that security?
Jim Tisch: Let me just say this. We never say never to anything. So we just look at what's going on. We assessed all portfolio. We assessed the prospects for the business. We assessed the other cause for our cash. There is an awful a lot that goes into the assessment. And like I said, we never say never.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Jim Tisch: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I would like to shift the discussion, if we might, to Diamond, which we haven't talked about. Could you comment, since you do sit on that Board, Jim, and chair it, as to, one, the CEO search and when you expect to have an announcement; what you are looking for there? And, two, with respect to that valuation, it would seem that there are many in the market who think the prospects have worsened dramatically in the last six weeks, wondering if you could comment on that. Then picking up on that last question, willingness, ability to buy more shares in Diamond, and/or expectations of changes to dividend policy there with so much in the special? Thank you.
Jim Tisch: Like I said, first item is the CEO search and I would say that we have  the Board of Diamond has not asleep at the switch. They been moving with, I will say great dispatch in the search for a CEO and we are hopeful that there can be an announcement from Diamond in the near future on that score. With respect to the offshore, the rate for rigs in the offshore drilling market, I truly don't know which way day rates are going to go, it's a very complicated mosaic where you have got oil companies that contract with us that feel pressure on their cash flow in their capital investment. They also feel pressure to increased oil and gas production, the new rigs coming into the market. There is an awful lot going on. The thing that I know is that means for Diamond is that there could be a lots and lots of opportunities. There could be opportunities to buy rates in the market because Diamond is the financially the strongest competitor in the industry. So some competitors that are highly levered. There are some that, to us seem to have really extended themselves in terms of their capital commitments. So there could be lots of opportunities to create a long-term value. And what Diamond does is that they watch carefully what's going on around them and they like Loews, look to build long-term value in whichever way they can. And they are willing to use their balance sheet in order to do that.
Unidentified Analyst: Again, picking up on what I was trying to ask, is, as to their valuation and balance sheet, it would seem that the capital there is spoken for with the CapEx commitments previously made that you are still paying for this year and some into 2015. And with that the special dividend appears to be funded, but what about the opportunity to buy back stock? Is that something that you would encourage them to do, or would that make more sense, if Loews saw value, to do at the parent company, i.e., take your stake up above 51%?
Jim Tisch: So Diamond goes first. And I leave it to the Board to decide specifically what they want to do with the expected share repurchases?
Unidentified Analyst: And so if they decided not to against the prior gentleman's question just from a portfolio management, if you wanted to, are there any constraints and you buying more shares of Diamond here, you think it's undervalued?
Jim Tisch: Are there constraints? No. But like I said, there are lots of things that we take into consideration when thinking about share repurchases and other investments by Loews.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Jim Tisch: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: Thank you. Following up on the last one and a couple of other things. For those -- on Diamond, particularly for those who are not that close, when I look at some of the numbers the stock is at a 52-week low, yet the Street almost unanimously seems to think that earnings in 2015 will be substantially higher. So a question, does that seem reasonable to you? Then on CNA, could you just repeat what last year's dividends were? And on Boardwalk, current price, does that suggest that you may have to take any write-downs?
Jim Tisch: So on Boardwalk, no Loews doesn't have to take any write-downs. And CNA, the dividend last year was at $0.20 per quarter rate and the year before that was in $0.15 per quarter rate. And what was the question about Diamond again?
Michael Millman - Millman Research: Well, on the CNA also what was the  you expect $500 million this year, what did you get last year? On the Diamond is that the  it's a 52-week low despite the Street seemingly agreeing that earnings would be substantially up in 2015. I was wondering if we were missing -- if those of us who are not that close are missing something  a lot.
Jim Tisch: I can't speak for why Diamond is, price where it is. You have to ask some analysts on Wall Street. From my perspective, it seems like a crazy valuation that who am I to say. Diamond is a  as I said has the strongest balance sheet in the industry. It has a phenomenal record of investment in offshore drilling rigs, rather than build new rigs. We completed refurbished all of it. And we have the equivalent of brand new rig that have the size that are able to earn just about where the new rig out of a shipyard cost. We got four new rigs coming out of the shipyard now. The market or the analysts seem to be focused on the age of the Diamond fleet, but my life the Diamond fleet does not nearly have the age that the analysts calculate. When I look at the age of our design win fleet, I think in terms of the market valuated age so that when you multiply the age by the market value of the rig and then conclude the average age for the fleet. Our number show that our fleet is about the same age of the Transocean fleet. So I think Diamond is tremendously strong, has lots of financial flexibility and I don't really understand what the market is focused on.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: Okay. And just on the CNA, what was  
Peter Keegan: Jim your question relates to, how much did we receive in distributions in 2013?
Michael Millman - Millman Research: Right.
Peter Keegan: Loews received $194 million.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: Okay. And $500 million this year?
Jim Tisch: Just under  it will be  at the current dividend rate  just under $500 million.
Peter Keegan: All right. Let me answer that question mechanically. If you subtract the special dividend, which they declared of a dollar and you then take the quarterly distributions and multiply them by four, you will end up with a number that is somewhat under $500 million. But, that is  the Boards obviously have declared nothing beyond the first quarter distribution level.
Jim Tisch: You add those not subtract them.
Peter Keegan: Add them, sorry. Well, to get to the number you got to subtract it and then add it back. You can't multiply the first quarter by fourth.
Jim Tisch: Thanks. Okay.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: Thank you.
Operator: That was our final question. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mary Skafidas for any additional or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Thanks Jackie, and thank you all for joining our call today. That concludes our call and we will see you in the next earnings call. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President of Investor & Public Relations James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Loews Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our earnings release and earnings snapshot may be found on our website, loews.com. On this call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Keegan. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews had net income of $282 million or $0.73 per share for the third quarter of 2013 as compared to $177 million or $0.45 per share for the same quarter last year. Net income for this year's quarter includes an after-tax noncash ceiling test impairment charge of $42 million at HighMount as compared to charges in the third quarter of last year of $166 million. Pete will go into more details on these charges later in the call. Now let's take a closer look at each of our subsidiaries, starting with CNA. CNA had another strong quarter and continued to improve its underwriting results. Excluding catastrophes and prior year development, CNA posted a loss ratio of 62.8% and a combined ratio of 95.9% in its core P&C operations. This represents almost a 5-point improvement in the combined ratio versus the third quarter of 2012. CNA has been able to accomplish this in 2 ways: First, by taking advantage of favorable rate trends and pushing rate over retention; and second, by actively managing its P&C portfolio, focusing on key segments and exiting segments that don't hold potential for long-term profitability. Premium rates continue to rise, increasing approximately 7% during the quarter, across P&C operations. Rising interest rates should have a favorable impact on CNA as the company will be able to invest its cash flow at higher yields. CNA continues to take advantage of attractive yield opportunities in the tax exempt and municipal bond markets. And from the exciting world of accounting, as some of you may have heard on the CNA call, the FASB has proposed a new set of accounting standards for the insurance industry. These proposed rules will make it difficult to compare results for a company from quarter-to-quarter, and they will also make it difficult to compare results from company to company. Although the common period ended on Friday, I encourage you to learn more about the proposed rules and submit your comments to the FASB. They will be read. Turning to Diamond Offshore. I want to take a moment to acknowledge Diamond's CEO, Larry Dickerson, who let us know last month that he plans to retire. I've had the pleasure of knowing and working with Larry for the past 25 years. Larry, to whom Diamond has created tremendous value for all shareholders, achieved operational excellence and substantially modernized this space. Part of that modernization program, the Ocean Blackhawk, a newly built ultra-deepwater drillship, and the Ocean Onyx, a newly rebuilt victory-class semisubmersible, are expected to go on day rate in early 2014, followed by the Black Hornet in mid-2014. Diamond expects to take delivery of 2 additional drillships and another rebuilt deepwater semi, the Ocean Apex, in early 2014. Recently, the Ocean Apex received a letter of intent to begin work for an international oil company in South East Asia during the fourth quarter of 2014. And lastly on Diamond, due to nonpayment for services by customers OGX and Niko Resources, Diamond recorded a pretax charge of $23 million in the third quarter for revenue it had previously recognized, but had not yet been paid. Likewise, in the third quarter, Diamond did not recognize as revenues $70 million of billings for OGX and Niko. Now let's move on to Boardwalk. Net income was flat at $19 million. Boardwalk continues to further the company's diversification strategy aimed at making Boardwalk less reliant on transporting and storing natural gas. In May of this year, Boardwalk entered into a joint venture agreement with Williams to continue the development process for the proposed Bluegrass Pipeline. This project would transport natural gas liquids from the Marcellus and Utica shale plays to the rapidly expanding petrochemical and export complex on the U.S. Gulf Coast. On October 1, as part of the Bluegrass project, Williams and Boardwalk announced that they had executed additional joint venture agreements to continue developing an LPG export facility in the Lake Charles, Louisiana area. The proposed Moss Lake LPG terminal, would serve ships transporting LPG to Asian, Latin American and European markets. Williams and Boardwalk are currently working with a number of parties who want to reserve offtake capacity at the terminals. As CEO, Stan Horton, discussed earlier today on Boardwalk's earnings call, Williams and Boardwalk are meeting with potential customers about the Bluegrass project, and an open season for the project will begin on October 29. We are hopeful that this significant project will move forward, but we will not know for sure until the first quarter of 2014. At HighMount, the company's operating results continue to be negatively affected by ongoing lower prices for natural gas and natural gas liquids. HighMount has focused its drilling program on locations that could result in higher oil production such as the Wolfcamp Shale in the Permian Basin in Texas and its acreage in Oklahoma. Both of these programs are in the development stage, and HighMount continues to expand its understanding of both plays. And finally, at Loews hotels and resorts, 2013 remains a year of transition. Over the past 1.5 years, Loews Hotels has added properties in Boston, Washington and Los Angeles. The company is also developing properties in Orlando and Chicago, and have extensive renovations well underway at a number of hotels, most notably the Regency Hotel in New York, which has been closed since the beginning of the year and will reopen on January 16, 2014. Loews Hotels recently formed joint ventures through which an institutional investor acquired a 50% interest in the Loews Madison Hotel in Washington D.C., and the Loews Boston Hotel. Both of these properties were acquired in the beginning of 2013. The company's shared ownership approach to expanding its network of hotels will result in a portfolio mix of wholly-owned joint venture and managed properties. As a holding company, Loews ended the quarter with cash and investments of $4.8 billion. We repurchased 900,000 shares of Loews common stock for $41 million during the quarter. During the 9 months ended September 30, we repurchased 4.9 million shares at an aggregate cost of $218 million. As you all have heard by now, we recently announced that Pete Keegan, Loews' CFO for 18 years, will be stepping down in May, and David Edelson, our Senior Vice President of Loews, will succeed Pete. Since we have 2 more earnings calls to go before this transition is complete, we won't embarrass Pete just yet with his living eulogy. Without any further ado, I'd like to turn the call over to Pete.
Peter W. Keegan: Well, thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Loews Corporation today reported net income for the 2013 third quarter of $282 million compared to $177 million in the 2012 third quarter. Net income for the third quarter of 2013 and 2012 includes after-tax noncash impairment charges of $42 million and $166 million at HighMount related to the carrying value of its natural gas and oil properties. Excluding these impairment charges, net income for the third quarter of 2013 and 2012 was $324 million and $343 million. Net income for the 9 months ended September 30, 2013 was $793 million or $2.03 per share as compared to $600 million or $1.51 per share in the prior year period. Net income for the 9 months ended September 30, 2013, and 2012 includes after-tax noncash ceiling test impairment charges of $134 million and $336 million at HighMount. Excluding these noncash impairment charges, net income for the 9 months ended September 30, 2013, and 2012 was $927 million and $936 million. CNA's contribution to Loews' net income for the third quarter was $247 million as compared to $200 million last year. CNA's earnings increased primarily from improved non-catastrophe current accident year underwriting results and higher favorable net prior year development. These increases were partially offset by higher catastrophe losses and reduced results from the Life & Group segment as a result of unfavorable morbidity in the long-term care business. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the third quarter of 2013 was $44 million compared to $83 million in the prior year quarter. Results for the third quarter decreased primarily due to lost revenue and bad debt write-offs totaling $35 million after-tax and noncontrolling interests related to the termination of rig contracts due to payment defaults by 2 of Diamond's customers and lower utilization. These decreases were partially offset by higher day rates. Boardwalk pipeline's contribution to net income for the third quarter was $19 million as compared to $20 million in the prior year quarter. The contribution of results from Louisiana Midstream, acquired on October 2012, and the sale of storage base gas in 2013 were offset by lower transportation revenues as a result of unfavorable contract renewal conditions. In addition, Boardwalk's contribution to Loews' net income decreased because we own a smaller stake in the company than we did this time last year, 53% ownership in the third quarter as compared to about 59% for the same quarter last year. On October 9, 2013, we converted all of the 22.9 million Class B units into common units on a 1-for-1 basis. That's an additional $6.3 million in cash distributions per quarter at Boardwalk's current $0.5325 quarterly distribution per unit. HighMount recorded earnings of $5 million for the third quarter of 2013 compared to $8 million in the third quarter of 2012, excluding noncash ceiling test impairment charges of $42 million and $166 million after taxes for the third quarters of 2013 and 2012. HighMount's third quarter production volumes and realized prices, which included the benefits of hedges are as follows: Natural gas production was 8.2 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $4.13 per thousand cubic feet; natural gas liquids production was 501.4 thousand barrels at an average realized price of $36.06 per barrel; and oil production was 121.2 thousand barrels at an average price of $93.57 per barrel. HighMount had hedges in place as of September 30, 2013, that covered approximately 74.1% and 44.9% of its total estimated 2013 and 2014 natural gas equivalent production at weighted average prices of $6.48 and $5.56 per Mcfe. Loews Hotels contributed net income of $1 million for the third quarter of 2013 compared to a loss of $1 million for the third quarter of 2012. Results were impacted by the renovation of the Loews Regency Hotel in New York, which has been closed since early January, partially offset by newly acquired hotels. Holding company cash investments as of September 30, 2013, totaled $4.8 billion as compared to $4.6 billion at June 30, 2013. We received $183 million in dividends from our subsidiaries in the third quarter of 2013 and $547 million in dividends year-to-date. From CNA, Loews received $48 million in dividends in the third quarter of 2013 and $145 million in dividends year-to-date. From Diamonds, Loews received $61 million in dividends in the third quarter of 2013 and $184 million in dividends year-to-date. From Boardwalk, Loews received $74 million in dividends in the third quarter of 2013 and $218 million in dividends year-to-date. We paid $24 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the third quarter of 2013 and $73 million year-to-date. We bought back 900,000 shares of Loews common stock for $41 million in the third quarter of 2013 and 4.9 million shares of Loews common stock for $218 million year-to-date. And that completes my remarks, and I'll turn the call back over to Mary. Mary?
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Pete. Jackie, at this time, we would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: First of all, I wonder if you could go onto a little bit of detail on investments,I realize it's not a significant thing, but the volatility, and what we can expect in the future quarters, given the numbers we saw in 3Q relative to prior quarters?
James S. Tisch: I assume you're talking about investments for Loews Corp.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: For Loews Corp. That's right, the coupons.
James S. Tisch: So we have about $4.8 billion of cash and investments. We have about $700 million or so of limited partnership investments that have very good liquidity terms to it, and then we have another $500 million or so of equities. And then beyond that, most of the rest of the other $3.7 billion is invested in money market instruments that do not earn a lot of income.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the -- and the spike, the $50 million from this quarter in terms of which bucket?
James S. Tisch: Say again?
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The $50 million this quarter goes in which bucket of earnings?
Peter W. Keegan: All equities in LPs.
James S. Tisch: Yes, all equities in LPs.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All LPs. Okay. And also, on the hotels, you got limited partnerships or joint partnerships. Is that the same investor in both hotels, or are those 2 different investors?
James S. Tisch: It's joint venture -- 2 separate joint ventures, but the same investor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Adelman with Morgan Stanley.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Pete, maybe a question for you. If spot natural gas prices seasonally adjusted in the forward curve, say, ceiling adjusted, or remain more or less where they are today going forward, will there continue to be ceiling test impairment charges over time?
Peter W. Keegan: If prices stayed flat, the answer is probably yes because what happens is in the type of accounting we use is you capitalize all of your drilling costs, and so not everything is successful. So by definition, over time, you'd have to take some of them off. I mean, I'm giving you a very simplistic view of this, but in an unchanged pricing environment, that is probably what would happen.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, Jim, just a question on share repurchases. In a broad sense, leaving out some large-scale acquisition, what drives the outcome from here over the next 12 or 18 months in which 12 or 18 months from now, share repurchases have been very substantial relative to the current run rate versus share repurchases being modest relative to the recent run rate?
James S. Tisch: So there are a few things. Number one, we like to buy the stock at prices that appear low to us on an absolute and relative basis. Number two, we have other calls on our cash beyond simply an acquisition or share repurchases or dividends. So for example, if the Bluegrass project moves forward, chances are that will require significant financing coming from Loews. So that's something that we always keep our eyes attuned to. And finally, if the company is in possession of material nonpublic information, then our legal beagles here do not allow us to repurchase shares. So all those factors going to the mix and make it therefore difficult for investors to discern from our share repurchase in a particular quarter or share repurchases or lack of share repurchases, whether we're bullish or bearish on the stock.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Could you talk about what's the cause of the unfavorable contract renewal conditions at Boardwalk? And I have another question.
James S. Tisch: Sure. Marcellus Shale has turned the pipeline industry on its head. About 3 years ago, there was virtually no gas production in the Marcellus Shale. And today, there's about 11 billion cubic feet of production. That's in the context of the U.S. total production of about -- using the prior numbers, about 66.5 billion cubic feet per day. The Northeast consumes about, on average, 12 billion cubic feet a day. So the system that had been put in place to transport natural gas from Texas, Louisiana and the Gulf of Mexico, up to Ohio, Pennsylvania and the Northeast, because of Marcellus' increased production has really -- demand for the transportation to the Northeast has changed dramatically, and that's a major part of what's going on right now.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So there's pipelines then for Marcellus that are in place but not Boardwalk's.
James S. Tisch: That's right. Plus, if you think of it in terms of the mileage that the average Mcf of natural gas travels, it's dramatically lower because the natural gas is not coming from Texas up to the Northeast, it's coming from Pennsylvania up through the Northeast. And in fact, the reason that Boardwalk is moving forward with the Bluegrass Pipeline project is because it has excess capacity going up to the Northeast. In the Texas gas system, we call it a pipeline, but it really has 3 separate pipes that go from Louisiana up to Ohio. And in the Bluegrass project, we are planning to take one of those pipes that formerly carried natural gas, and instead, we are going to convert it to a pipeline that is capable of carrying natural gas liquids. Those natural gas liquids are currently being produced in the Marcellus Shale and there is very limited capacity to take away those natural gas liquids. So what we're trying to do is get commitments from natural gas and NGL producers to hold their natural gas liquids from the Marcellus Shale down through a combination of new pipelines and our existing pipeline to new processing facilities, fractionation facilities in Louisiana. That's a major effort for Boardwalk. And as I've said in my remarks, we will have a pretty good sense, I believe, in the first quarter of this year -- of 2014, whether or not this project will move forward.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: I see. That was very helpful. Another question. Your -- I guess it's your feelings on investment opportunities given the government shutdown and debt limit crisis that we just experienced.
James S. Tisch: What's my feeling?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: What's your feeling about wanting to make investments, U.S., international, given those?
James S. Tisch: What's my view? My view on the debt crisis and the government shutdown was that: Number one, I assumed that, eventually, the government would reopen; and number two, I assumed that all interest and principal on the debt would be paid on a timely basis. And that in fact, that whole crisis that we experienced from mid-September to mid-October, while it took up the front pages of the newspaper and took a lot of ink in the investment world, it really wasn't that important in terms of thinking about long-term investing. And the issues that were around before the crisis and after the crisis are really the ones that are the focus -- our focus on deciding when, where and how to invest. Thank you. Let me just say -- one other thing I want to say, I want to add something to my remarks even though there's no question. And that is the issue relating to the FASB and these new accounting rules for insurance companies. They will make it very difficult for investors to be able to understand what's going on within an insurance company and also what's going on within the insurance industry. If these rules get put in place, as proposed by the FASB, it will make it very difficult to compare the numbers from 1 quarter to another quarter within a company, and that's because the reserves are going to be discounted and discount rate is going to change every quarter and can change from one line of business to another line of business. So the measures that we use today to look at our insurance profitability will not be used when as and if these rules are implemented. And likewise, the problem for comparing from one company to another company is that different companies will use different discount rates to compute the present value of their reserves. From my perspective and the perspective of Loews and CNA, the current system that we have in place is tried and true and tested. It is conservative because reserves are not discounted, but the system gives us a very good sense of the profitability of the company, as well as the financial standing of the company. So it's really unclear to us why the FASB wants to tinker with these rules in the first place, but that's what they're doing. Let me turn the call back to Jackie.
Operator: There appear to be no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mary Skafidas for any additional or closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jackie. Thank you, all, for your continued interest. A replay of this call will be available on our website at loews.com in approximately 2 hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President of Investor and Public Relations James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Andrew Baker
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to Loews Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our earnings release and snapshot may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Keegan. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call may include statements that are forward looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch. Jim?
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews had net income of $269 million, or $0.69 per share, for the second quarter of 2013 as compared to $56 million, or $0.14 per share, for the same quarter last year. Last year's second quarter was impacted by an after-tax ceiling test impairment charge at HighMount of $142 million, or $0.36 per share. Before we take a closer look at the results and the progress of each of our subsidiaries, I want to address the rise in interest rates since May 3 and the impact these rates -- rate increases have had and will have on our investment strategy and our fixed income portfolio. Let's take a trip down memory lane. In February of 2011, I stated on our earnings call that interest rates in the U.S. would inevitably rise. I remarked that rising interest rates would result in a decline in the market value of CNA's investment portfolio, given that CNA's portfolio is comprised predominantly of fixed income securities. Such a decline would in turn negatively impact GAAP book value. Fast forward to today, and that's exactly what's happening. CNA's unrealized gain decreased by 41%, or $1.8 billion, during the second quarter, from $4.3 billion at March 31 to $2.5 billion at June 30. There is, however, a silver lining to higher interest rates, which is that CNA will have the opportunity to invest its significant operating and investment cash flows into higher-yielding securities. As a reminder, CNA manages its investments within 2 distinct portfolios: the property/casualty portfolio, which supports the core P&C liabilities; and the Life & Group portfolio, which supports the longer duration liabilities in CNA's Life & Group segment. The ability to invest at higher yields ultimately benefits both portfolios. But that's enough from the "I told you so" department. Now let's move smartly along to the "I'd rather be lucky than smart" department. As many of you on the call know, on May 2, we issued a $1 billion of senior debt securities consisting of $500 million of 10-year notes with a 2 5/8% coupon and $500 million of 30-year bonds with a coupon of 4 1/8%. Given our already strong cash position, we had no immediate need for additional funds, so this transaction was purely opportunistic, allowing us to take advantage of favorable rates. Little did we know how favorable they would be. As it turns out, we issued our securities when interest rates were at their lowest. Like I said, I'd rather be lucky than smart. Over the years, we have found that it's easier to raise money when you can, rather than when you have to. Now let's take a look at our subsidiaries' results, starting with CNA. CNA received some great news in June when S&P upgraded the company's financial strength rating from A- to A, in recognition of CNA's strong capital position and earnings. It's a real credit to the progress being made by the management team at CNA. CNA had a good quarter and continued to improve its underwriting performance. Excluding catastrophes and prior year development, CNA saw continued improvement in the combined ratio and loss ratio in its core P&C operations. Its underlying P&C combined ratio improved 3.6 points versus the second quarter of 2012, and the underlying loss ratio had a year-over-year decrease of about 2.9 points. Premium rates continued to be strong, increasing approximately 8% during the quarter in CNA's P&C operations. For CNA Commercial, rates increased 9% for the quarter. And for CNA Specialty, they increased 7%. Now let's turn to Diamond Offshore. Demand for offshore ultra-deepwater drilling rigs remained strong, as reflected by attractive day rates. Diamond had a solid second quarter and is moving forward with the same core strategies which we believe create value for all shareholders. Diamond's fleet renewal program is ongoing. During the second quarter, Diamond announced its latest new build, a harsh-environment semisubmersible rig that will work for BP in Australia on a 3-year contract after it's delivered to Diamond in early 2016. The initial operating day rate under the drilling contract is $585,000, and the rig will cost approximately $755 million. The cost, which is higher than recent drillship orders, reflects its harsh-environment capabilities. This new harsh-environment semi is in addition to Diamond's 4 drillships and 2 rebuilt semis that are currently under construction. The first rebuilt semi, the Ocean Onyx, will be delivered in early fall and is scheduled to go on day rate before the end of this year. The first of the drillships, the Ocean BlackHawk, will be delivered before the end of this year and will go on day rate early next year. Diamond expects the Ocean Black Hornet, the second drillship, to begin working in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico during the first half of 2014. Diamond expects to take delivery of the 2 additional drillships and the other rebuilt deepwater semi during 2014, and it's currently working to secure contract -- to securing contracts. Moving on to Boardwalk, they had another stable quarter. Net income increased slightly over the same period last year. Louisiana Midstream, which was acquired in October of 2012, positively contributed to the quarter and helped offset a reduction in net income related to contract renewals. Louisiana Midstream enabled Boardwalk to enter the natural gas liquids storage and distribution business and further, the company's diversification strategy aimed at making Boardwalk less reliant on distributing and storing natural gas. Continuing to focus on moving its diversification strategy forward, in May of this year, Boardwalk entered into a joint venture agreement with the Williams companies to continue the development process for the proposed Bluegrass Pipeline, along with related storage, fractionation and export terminal assets. The Bluegrass Pipeline would transport natural gas liquids from the Marcellus and Utica shales to growing petrochemical markets in the U.S. Gulf Coast. As Boardwalk CEO, Stan Horton, discussed earlier on their call, Williams and Boardwalk are meeting with potential customers about the project. We're hopeful that this significant project will move forward, but we are still in the early stages of the process. Taking a look at HighMount, the company's operating results continued to be negatively affected by ongoing low prices for natural gas and natural gas liquids. HighMount has focused its drilling program on locations that could result in higher oil production, such as its acreage in the eastern portion of the Mississippian Lime in Oklahoma and the Wolfcamp Shale in the Permian Basin in Texas. Both of these programs are early in the development stage, and HighMount continues to improve its understanding of both plays. And finally, some comments on Loews' hotels and resorts. Although there is substantial progress being made towards Loews Hotels' twin goals of broadening its customer base while improving profitability, you will not see that progress reflected in quarterly earnings during 2013, which is a transition year for Loews Hotels. In the past year, Loews Hotels has undergone significant changes, adding properties in Boston, Washington and Los Angeles, developing properties in Orlando and Chicago and starting extensive renovations at a number of our hotels, most notably, the Loews Regency Hotel in New York, which has been closed since January. We believe the actions taken by Loews Hotels in 2013 will position the chain for enhanced profitability and growth in the years to come. At the holding company, Loews ended the quarter with cash and investments of approximately $4.6 billion. We repurchased 1.9 million shares of Loews common stock for $85 million during the quarter and continued to repurchase shares after the quarter ended. Year-to-date, through July 26, we repurchased a total of 4.9 million shares of Loews common stock for a total of $216 million. Now I'll turn the call over to Pete.
Peter W. Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Loews Corporation today reported net income for the 2013 second quarter of $269 million compared to $56 million in the 2012 second quarter. Net income for the second quarter of 2012 includes an after-tax noncash impairment charge of $142 million at HighMount related to the carrying value of its natural gas and oil properties. Excluding this impairment charge, net income for the second quarter of 2012 was $198 million. Net income for the 6 months ended June 30, 2013, was $511 million, or $1.31 per share, as compared to $423 million, or $1.06 per share, in the prior year period. Net income for the 6 months ended June 30, 2013 and 2012, includes after-tax noncash ceiling test impairment charges of $92 million and $170 million at HighMount. Excluding these noncash impairment charges, net income for the 6 months ended June 30, 2013 and 2012, was $603 million and $593 million, respectively. CNA's contribution to Loews' net income for the second quarter was $175 million as compared to $151 million last year. CNA's earnings increased primarily from higher net investment income due to increased limited partnership results, improved non-catastrophe current accident year underwriting results and a legal settlement benefit of $27 million after-tax and noncontrolling interest. These increases were partially offset by lower favorable net prior year development and reduced results from the Life & Group Non-Core segment. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the second quarter of 2013 was $87 million compared to $94 million in the prior year quarter. Results for the second quarter decreased primarily as a result of a prior year gain of $23 million after-tax and noncontrolling interest from the sale of 5 jack-up rigs partially offset by higher day rates and utilization, as well as lower contract drilling expense in 2013. Boardwalk pipeline's contribution to net income for the second quarter was $22 million as compared to $25 million in the prior year quarter. The decrease in Boardwalk's contribution to Loews' net income is because we owned a slightly smaller stake in the company than we did this time last year, 54% ownership in this quarter as compared to about 61% for the same quarter last year. HighMount recorded net income of $5 million for the second quarter of 2013 compared to net income of $3 million in the second quarter of 2012, excluding a noncash cost center ceiling test impairment charge of $142 million after taxes for the second quarter of 2012. HighMount's second quarter production volumes and realized prices, which included the benefit of hedges, are as follows: natural gas production was $8.2 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $4.31 per thousand cubic feet; natural gas liquids production was 501.2 thousand barrels at an average realized price of $34.69 per barrel; oil production was 150.8 thousand barrels at an average price of $95.41 per barrel. HighMount had hedges in place as of June 30, 2013, that covered approximately 67% and 36.7% of its total estimated 2013 and 2014 natural gas equivalent production at a weighted average price of $6.49 and $5.68 per Mcfe. Loews Hotels contributed net income of $1 million compared to $6 million for the second quarter of 2012. Results were primarily due to the Loews Regency Hotel in New York, which will be closed for the majority of this year for extensive renovations, partially offset by newly acquired hotels, the Loews Madison Hotel in D.C. and the Loews Boston Back Bay Hotel. Holding company cash and investments as of June 30, 2013, totaled $5.6 billion as compared to $3.7 billion at March 31, 2013. We received $182 million in dividends from our subsidiaries in the second quarter of 2013 and $364 million in dividends year-to-date. From CNA, Loews received $49 million in dividends in the second quarter of 2013 and $97 million in dividends year-to-date. From Diamond, Loews received $61 million in dividends in the second quarter of 2013 and $123 million in dividends year-to-date. From Boardwalk, Loews received $72 million in dividends from the second quarter of 2013 and $144 million in dividends year-to-date. We paid $25 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the second quarter of 2013 and bought back 1.9 million shares of Loews common stock for $85 million. We also issued $1 billion in debt in May of this year. As Jim mentioned, we continued to repurchase shares after the quarter ended. From July 1 to July 26, we repurchased a total of 868,000 shares of Loews common stock for $39.5 million. I made a slight misstatement. I said we had $5.6 billion in cash. We have $4.6 billion in cash. And now, I've completed my remarks. I'll turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Pete. Laurie, at this time, we would like to open up the call for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of David Adelman of Morgan Stanley.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim, were there any material changes in Loews' investment portfolio and its composition during the quarter?
James S. Tisch: No, not significant. You're talking about the holding company level, I assume?
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes.
James S. Tisch: Yes. Nothing significant. No.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So the bond proceeds, more or less, were allocated as pro rata with the existing mix and make up?
James S. Tisch: No. They are generally being held in cash instruments. So roughly, I would say the amount of hedge funds and equities that we own did not increase.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, Jim, with respect to HighMount and the effort with respect to oil production and the process you're going through and the test drilling and so forth that's being done, what, over the next year or 2, are going to be the key milestones that will indicate to you the prospects of success?
James S. Tisch: So in both the Mississippian Lime and also in the Permian Basin, in the Wolfcamp Shale, we are looking to see if we can produce oil from those 2 regions at economic rates. We know there is oil down there because we have drilled wells and we have and we still are producing it, but the question is whether we can figure out how to extract the oil and earn at least a reasonable rate of return on our investment. It will take us another several quarters to be able to determine whether or not we can do that. But we do know that the oil is down there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel of Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could, number one, give me what your debt balances were 6/30?
Peter W. Keegan: We had $1.7 billion in debt at the holding company level, Bob.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you raised $1 billion and you're earning -- as great as the rates are that you borrowed, congratulations on timing it brilliantly...
James S. Tisch: Like I said, I'd rather be lucky than smart.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Right. But you're in a negative carry on it, so I was wondering -- should we think, over the next 3 to 5 years, the $1 billion is just going to be used on your trading portfolio, or this gets your sort set of acquisition team to a different level that you can do deals that you might not have done before? I mean, what do you anticipate the primary use is going to be over the sort of intermediate term?
James S. Tisch: Bob, I don't know. But the thing I do know is that over the past 15 years or so at least, we've had cash balances of $2 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion, $5 billion or $6 billion. We never worried about spending it. But lo and behold, the incoming cash that we had coming into Loews was spent either buying businesses or buying our shares or supplying capital at attractive returns to the businesses that we own. So somehow or other, we're able to find investments to make. And the thing that's driving us, though, is, like I said in my prepared remarks, we find it's much better to raise capital when the rates are attractive rather than to raise it when you need it. When you need it, the debt or the equity capital can be very, very expensive.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Totally understood. But you didn't mention buying stocks. You're buying bonds with the money as sort of a potential avenue to employ over the next 3 to 5 years. I mean, I know -- public comments about bonds, I would think rates would have to go up a decent bit to think about putting money at the corporate level there.
James S. Tisch: Here's what I'd say. If you want to buy the stock of a company that's got a significant equity portfolio, go to Berkshire Hathaway. We do not think that we are going to generate significant long-term returns for our shareholders by having a large equity portfolio. We're looking to either buy in our shares, buy another business or invest in our own businesses. That's the main way that we're going to build value for our shareholders. We have...
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: You do have a trading portfolio for a reason, though. Right?
James S. Tisch: Say again?
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: You do have a trading portfolio for a reason.
James S. Tisch: Yes, yes. We have an equity portfolio of about $500 million, $600 million. We have that because we do want -- we do have expertise in investing in equities, and we do think we can do a good job at it, combined with the fact that by having the equity portfolio, it keeps us closely in touch with the markets and what's going on. But in terms of that being a line of business or an avenue to significant shareholder value growth, I just don't think that's going to be the place.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Millman from Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: I guess very recently, the -- there's been some federal investigation of financial companies involved in commodity movement. I was wondering if you're seeing anything regarding the gas pipelines and this connection?
James S. Tisch: No. To my knowledge, we've seen nothing like that at all. My understanding is that, with respect to the commodities that was written about in the New York Times, it was both commodities, typically metals, being delivered back and forth from one warehouse to another for Lord knows what reason. We haul natural gas under contract from one location to another, usually distant location, based on the orders from our customers. So my strong supposition is that, that is dramatically different than what you're seeing in the metals markets.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Andy Baker of Barclays.
Andrew Baker: Two questions, I guess. First, lapping with [ph] last call, where you were talking about the impact of the exposure to gold in your portfolio, just wondering if you have maintained that same level of exposure to gold, both through the ETFs and the minors.
James S. Tisch: Yes, we have, and that's why the return in our investment portfolio was as low as it was this quarter. It was basically breakeven. That's because of the losses that we experienced on those gold-related investments, offset the gains we made from the rest of the portfolio.
Andrew Baker: Great. And could you just sort of explain a little bit more -- I don't think we've talked about this in the past, but how -- what the ROI is on the hotel renovation investment dollar? I mean, you put -- you lose the revenues, you spend the money. And then how does this come back to you? Is this -- I mean, higher room rates? Is it higher occupancy? Is it -- I assume it's not a cost cut.
James S. Tisch: So for some hotels where there's maintenance CapEx, you have to do that just to keep the property up to snuff. For other hotels -- and there isn't a significant additional ROI from that. On the other hand, for a hotel like the Regency, we're expecting a very significant return on our investment, as this is really the first major, major upgrade that we've had in the hotel in 50 years. And we expect a significant increase in the hotels' EBITDA. So we believe that the investment will have a significant double-digit rate of return. The other place where we invest for the hotel company, other than maintenance CapEx and rehabilitation CapEx, is in new hotels. And there, we're doing that in the form of hotels that we're developing, either in Orlando or Chicago, or hotels that we're purchasing. And there, again, we don't put a number on the ROI that we expect out of the investment, but we think those ROIs will be very attractive for us.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll now turn the call over to Mary Skafidas for any closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Laurie, and thank you all for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately 2 hours, and that concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in Loews' Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President of Investor and Public Relations James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Andrew Baker
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to Loews Corporation's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com. On this call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Keegan. Following their prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews had net income of $242 million, or $0.62 per share, for the first quarter of 2013 as compared to $367 million, or $0.92 per share, for the same quarter last year. Results for the quarter were impacted by an after-tax ceiling test impairment charge at HighMount of $92 million as compared to an impairment charge of $28 million in the prior year. After these charges, which Pete will describe in more detail later in the call, our net income for the quarter would have been $334 million, or $0.85 per share, in 2013 as compared to $395 million, or $0.99 per share, in the first quarter of 2012. The decrease in net income for the quarter was due to reduced investment income at Loews and slightly lower earnings at Diamond. Let's take a closer look at a result and progress of each of our subsidiaries, starting with CNA. CNA had a good quarter and continued to improve its underwriting performance through risk selection and pricing discipline while generating premium growth. Excluding catastrophes and prior year development, CNA saw continued improvement in the P&C combined ratio, with a year-over-year decrease of just over 1 point and a 2.2-point improvement over the last quarter. Overall, net premium growth for the company's core P&C operations exceeded 10%. Rate increases contributed to this premium growth, averaging 7.7% across P&C operations for the quarter as contrasted to 4% during the first quarter of 2012. The inclusion of Hardy in the first quarter contributed approximately 3 points of CNA's 10% premium growth. While we are pleased with CNA's growth momentum, we expect CNA to remain focused on improving its underwriting margin. As you have heard on recent CNA calls, this margin improvement is expected to come from rate increases, writing profitable new business in target segments, and cycling off of inadequately priced business. I also want to touch on CNA's investment portfolio. Loews provides investment management services to CNA through our in-house investment management group. Our priorities in managing our CNA portfolio are to protect principal, maintain ample liquidity, employ prudent asset liability management and generate strong and risk-adjusted returns. CNA's investment portfolio had a market value of $47.6 billion at the end of the quarter. The vast majority of the portfolio is in investment-grade fixed-income securities. To improve our overall returns, about 5% of the portfolio is allocated to a diverse mix of limited partnerships. This allocation provides CNA with attractive equity-like returns with less volatility than the overall equity market. Over the past 15 years, this portfolio has had an annualized total return of 11%. In the first quarter of 2013, LP investments returned 5.4%, double the historic rate of return. In this current interest rate environment, we have slightly increased our allocation to these alternative investments. We are very comfortable with the mix and quality of CNA's portfolio but frustrated that overall interest rates are so low. At Diamond Offshore, this quarter was a relatively quite one. Revenues and net income were down versus the prior year, primarily due to an increase in planned downtime for special surveys. These surveys are required for rigs every 5 years, and it just so happens that 2013 is the year in which the fleet has a large number of surveys. Fewer special surveys are scheduled for 2014 and 2015. Demand in the offshore drilling market continues to be very strong, with oil prices remaining at a level that supports robust drilling activity across all water depths, particularly in the ultra-deepwater market. This market's strength is reflected in Diamond's total revenue backlog, which, as of April 25, was $8 billion, with contracts extending into 2019. Diamond has 2 new rigs going on day rate this year. The rebuilt Ocean Onyx is scheduled for delivery from the shipyard late in the third quarter and will go on day rate shortly thereafter. The Ocean BlackHawk, the first of Diamond's 4 new drillships, is scheduled to be delivered midyear and go on day rate in December after moving to the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. At Boardwalk, we had another good quarter, driven by the strength of their latest acquisition, Louisiana Midstream. Boardwalk continues to be an excellent investment for Loews. Since '03 when we acquired Texas Gas Transmission, our first pipeline, Loews has invested a total of $3.2 billion in Boardwalk. We have received all of our cash back while still owning 53% of the limited partnership interest, which is worth approximately $3.6 billion, as well as 100% of the general partner. On March 6, Boardwalk announced its latest proposed project, the Bluegrass Pipeline, to be built in partnership with the Williams Company. This pipeline, which would use a portion of the existing Texas Gas pipeline, would transport national gas liquids produced in the Marcellus and Utica Shales to new fractionation and storage facilities in Louisiana, home of the petrochemical industry. At this point in the process, Boardwalk is performing cost assessments and due diligence, as well as negotiating terms of the joint venture and related agreements with Williams. As CEO Stan Horton mentioned on Boardwalk's call this morning, there are a number of conditions that must be met for this project to be approved, including negotiating a definitive joint venture agreement, execution of customer contracts sufficient to support the project, receipt of regulatory approval and approval of both the Boardwalk and Williams boards. HighMount's operating results continued to be negatively affected by ongoing low prices for natural gas. As a result, HighMount has redirected its drilling efforts to locations that should result in higher oil productions, such as its acreage in the eastern portion of the Mississippian Lime in Oklahoma and the Wolfcamp Shale in the Permian Basin in Texas. In both of these areas, oil and natural gas liquids can make up 70% to 80% of the hydrocarbons produced from a well. HighMount continues to improve its understanding of both plays. They are working to determine optimal drilling and completion techniques for each area, as well as to identify reservoir characteristics. The drilling programs in both plays involve an extensive inventory of drilling locations. In the Miss Lime, primarily horizontal drilling will be used. In the Wolfcamp, both horizontal and vertical well designs are being tested and considered. Both of these programs are in the early development stage. And although success cannot be guaranteed, we are hopeful. And finally, some comments on Loews Hotels & Resorts. This is a transition year for Loews Hotels, which has the twin goals of, one, broadening its customer base by adding properties in gateway cities; and two, improving the profitability of its existing properties. There is substantial progress towards these goals, but you will not see that progress reflected in quarterly earnings during 2013. In the past year, Loews Hotels has added properties in Boston, Washington and Los Angeles. Overall, revenues and income are being negatively impacted, however, by the existing renovations at a number of our hotels, most notably, the Loews Regency in New York, which has been closed since January, as well as our properties in Nashville, Hollywood and Philadelphia. We believe the actions taken by Loews Hotels in 2013 will position our change for growth and enhance profitability in the years to come. At the holding company, Loews ended the quarter with net cash and investments of $3.7 billion. We repurchased 2.1 million shares of Loews common stock for $92 million during the quarter. We continued to repurchase shares after the quarter ended. And year-to-date through April 26, we've repurchased a total of 3.2 million shares of Loews common stock for $141 million. As many as you on the call know, although we do not broadcast our share repurchase plans, we have historically been prolific buyers of our own stock. Since 2010, we have spent about $1.5 billion repurchasing Loews common stock. Share repurchases have been an important part of our effort to build long-term value for Loews shareholder. As we've said before, we repurchase our shares at prices below our view of intrinsic value not to offset stock option issuance, but with the intent of enhancing the long-term value of Loews common stock. Our strong belief is that share repurchases have greatly contributed to the outperformance of our stock versus the S&P 500 over the long term. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Pete Keegan.
Peter W. Keegan: Well, thanks, Jim. And good morning, everyone. Loews Corporation today reported net income of $242 million, or $0.62 per share, for the first quarter 2013 as common $367 million, or $0.92 per share, for the first quarter of 2012. As Jim mentioned, net income in the first quarter includes an after-tax ceiling test impairment charge at HighMount of $92 million related to its carrying value of natural gas and oil properties as compared to an impairment charge of $28 million for the prior year quarter. Excluding the noncash ceiling test impairment charges, the decrease in Loews' net income is due to slightly lower earnings at Diamond and reduced investment income at the parent company. Investment income decreased by $45 million after tax, primarily due to lower performance of equity-based investments, partially offset by improved performance of fixed-income investments in the trading portfolio. CNA's contribution to Loews' net income for the first quarter was $226 million, which was also its contribution in the first quarter 2012. Earnings were consistent with prior year, primarily due to improved current year non-catastrophe underwriting results, offset by lower investment income, higher catastrophe losses, including non-cat-related weather losses, and a slight decrease in net favorable prior year developments. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the first quarter 2013 was $82 million compared to $87 million in the prior year quarter. Results for the first quarter were impacted by lower utilization, primarily from an increase in planned downtime due to scheduled rigs surveys, which resulted in fewer revenue-earning days for the quarter. The Ocean Whittington and the Ocean Ambassador are currently stacked, while both were working in 2012. In addition, the prior year quarter concluded the sale of the jack-up rig Ocean Colombia, resulting in an after-tax gain of approximately $16 million. Diamond's effective tax rate decreased for the 3 months ended March 31, 2013, as compared with 2012. The lower effective tax rate in the current quarter is primarily a result of the extension of several expired or expiring temporary business provisions, which are retroactively extended at the beginning of 2012 under the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which was signed into law on January 2, 2013. One of the extenders will again allow Diamond Offshore to defer recognition of certain foreign earnings to U.S. tax purposes. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to net income for the first quarter was $33 million as compared to $35 million in the prior year quarter. The decrease in Boardwalk's contribution to Loews' net income is simply because we own a slightly smaller stake in the company than we did this time last year, 55% ownership currently as compared to about 62% for the same quarter last year. Boardwalk's operating revenues increased due to the acquisition of Louisiana Midstream, which contributed $19 million in net revenues for the quarter. This revenue increase was partly offset by lower revenues associated with firm contract renewals. HighMount recorded a net loss of $88 million for the first quarter of 2013 compared to a net loss of $22 million in the first quarter of 2012. As we stated earlier, the lower results were due to a noncash cost-centered ceiling test impairment charge of $92 million after taxes. The 2013 write-down was attributable to reduced average NGL and oil prices used in the the ceiling test calculation and negative reserve revisions. HighMount's first quarter production volumes and realized prices, which included the benefits of hedges, are as follows: Natural gas production was 8.6 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $4.10 per 1,000 cubic feet; natural gas liquids production was 503,000 barrels at an average realized price of $37.33 per barrel; and oil production was 158,000 barrels at an average price of $90.60 per barrel. HighMount had hedges in place as of March 31, 2013, that covered approximately 64.6% and 32.3% of its total estimated 2013 and 2014 natural gas equivalent production at an average weighted -- at a weighted average price of $6.48 and $5.89 per Mcfe. Loews Hotels operated on a breakeven basis for the first quarter of 2013 as compared to net income of $4 million for the first quarter of 2012. Results were primarily due to the Loews Regency Hotel in New York, which will be closed for the majority of the year for extensive renovations, and the sale of the Loews Denver Hotel in the fourth quarter of 2012, partially offset by the additions of hotels in Washington, D.C. and Boston. Holding company cash and investments as of March 31, 2013, totaled $3.7 billion as compared to $3.9 billion at December 31, 2012. We received $182 million in dividends from our subsidiaries. $48 million from CNA, $62 million from Diamond and $72 million from Boardwalk. We paid $24 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the first quarter of 2013 and bought back 2.1 million shares of Loews common stock for $92 million. As Jim mentioned, we continued to repurchase shares after the quarter ended. And through April 26, we repurchased a total of 3.2 million shares of Loews common stock for $141 million. And now I'll turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Pete. Jackie, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: I actually have 2 questions, one is with Boardwalk. What kind of risk is there in terms of the buyers contracts or some of the contracts failing in some way? And second is more broadly, now that the market has continued to go up, are acquisitions even looking less positive to you than they might have a couple of years ago?
James S. Tisch: Well, first of all, with respect to risk at Boardwalk, tell me specifically what you're referring to?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Well, I'm referring to that there are contracts out there and I don't know if something goes wrong with the supplier, the field blows up or if the buyer -- if bankruptcy -- what kind of protection...
James S. Tisch: So historically, we have -- credit quality has not been a problem for us at Boardwalk, that all of our customers have generally paid on time and that has not been an issue for us. So it's something we tend not to worry about too much. In terms of acquisitions, we keep looking, we keep kicking tires. You're right, equity values have gone up, but interest rates are still very low. And we haven't given up in our quest to look for something and find something that fits us and is just right for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Pete, you went through the role of the cash too quickly for me. It looked like your dividends were $70 million more than buyback plus dividends paid, but your cash went down by $200 million. Was there a debt payment or something else in there?
Peter W. Keegan: No, we are contributing money to hotels to help on their growth plan. So we've added a bunch of hotels there.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. I haven't seen the Q if it's come out yet. What's your investment in hotels now? Do you have a figure from some of the parts?
Peter W. Keegan: I don't have that readily available.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So I'd assume the difference in the data mix is...
Peter W. Keegan: [indiscernible] and a small amount into HighMount in the quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I'm sorry?
James S. Tisch: And a small amount into the HighMount in the quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. You said you had -- the impairment charge was driven by lower oil prices, did you say, and lower reserves?
Peter W. Keegan: Keep in mind, this is a 4-quarter look back of the prices. In the first quarter, natural gas prices actually went up slightly, and NGL and oil prices went down. And it's that in combination with the calculation of reserves and production. This is a very complicated calculation, which drove that impairment.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. If we just -- if we freeze prices where they are today, are there more impairments coming? Or are we through the -- is there light at the end of the tunnel and there's -- I mean, if we freeze everything today...
Peter W. Keegan: Well, if you freeze prices, it's hard to say because the other part of calculation is reserves and production. So it's really hard to...
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Well, you made your best guess on reserves and production today, right, so that shouldn't wiggle if we freeze that?
Peter W. Keegan: Yes. But in the accounting, keep in mind, we capitalize all of our spending. So you're constantly increasing the base against which this is calculated.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Can you remind me what the Boardwalk general partnership dividends are running in quarter or what they were last year?
James S. Tisch: Yes, I have that here. For the general partners, we received about $10 million a quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And we're in the maximum phase, right, of the earn...
Peter W. Keegan: They're 50%.
James S. Tisch: The high split, yes.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: We're in the high split so -- I mean, it's now just going to grow with their overall dividends, right? There's not a step to that, there's not an accelerator?
Peter W. Keegan: There's not another step function in the split, no. That's the highest level it goes to.
James S. Tisch: The only split beyond 50% is everything, and I don't think we're ever going to get there.
Peter W. Keegan: That isn't part of the formula.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right. Is there an endgame on -- I mean, is Boardwalk one of these like Buffet, we're going to own it forever, we love it. Is there a way you could capitalize that...
James S. Tisch: Bob, we love all of our children, and we're very positive about all of them. And we don't think about disposing of any of them.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. I'm just saying you've got sort of -- in your sum of the parts, you used to sort of like try to value the pieces. Now we're sort of left to our own, and so we've got a $40 million growing annual earnings power that...
James S. Tisch: You mean in the GP?
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right.
James S. Tisch: Okay.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I'm just trying to think of how we should think of that as an asset, a growing $40 million dividend base annually. You're not going to give me any help to think about it or how to think about it?
James S. Tisch: No, sorry.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, so left to my own volition, I'll take a stab at it, but your insights on that would be appreciated, as always.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David Adelman with Morgan Stanley.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim, can you enlighten us a little bit about the lower investment income from equity performance, given the backdrops that the S&P did quite well in the first quarter?
James S. Tisch: Yes, we had some investments in bread-and-butter S&P 500 stocks, but we also have some investments in gold and mining shares. And those penalized the total returns for the quarter.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then in the discussion, Pete, with the potential prospects of additional impairment through the remainder of the year, I think last year after the first quarter, you indicated sort of what it would likely be the remainder of the year. Is there a reason you're not doing that now for the rest of the year?
Peter W. Keegan: Yes, the reason we could do it last year is there was a clear trend of pricing, David, and so we knew what was coming because of the way you calculate this thing or at least you could get within a reasonable range of what was coming. Where prices are right now and when you're at the ceiling, it's really very hard as you look forward to predict what's going to move things. We might have 0 points. So your guess is as good as mine as to what you think is going to happen to pricing in the next quarter.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then one other question and the last question for me on HighMount. Can you help us sort of understand, particularly with the effort to go after natural gas liquids and oil, both -- what's the incremental return on investment you think you'll be able to generate? And secondly, what's the scale of the potential opportunity? In other words, what can the ongoing cash flow get towards in the current commodity environment?
James S. Tisch: So for both the Mississippian Lime and also Sonora, the cash flow right now is driven primarily by gas prices. And as you've heard me say, I don't think that gas prices are going to increase significantly from here. I think between $4 and $5 for natural gas, we are at what I would call an equilibrium price, where there's a lot of production that can come on, assuming that there's demand for the natural gas. However, with respect to oil and NGLs, it's a completely different story. In both the Mississippian Lime and especially in Sonora, we have relatively few oil and NGL wells. We're doing a -- what I would call a major science experiment in both places, trying to -- we know that there are hydrocarbons on our properties, and we can produce them. And now we are trying to figure out how to produce them commercially and economically. And if we do figure out how to do that, and I'm hopeful that we will over the next few years, then there will be significant investment opportunities for us to invest in development wells on these properties. So you asked about cash flow. My guess is that there won't be significant operating cash flow from those properties for the next several years because we're going to have to invest in the oil and NGL wells that will produce the gas -- the cash flow from those properties. But that over time, if we embark on this investment program, if we're able to figure out how to produce from these areas commercially, then there could be a significant cash flow from the property.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Andy Baker with Barclays.
Andrew Baker: A couple of questions. One, just want to make sure I haven't missed something along the way, the Boardwalk pipeline Class B shares, I believe they are convertible after June 30 of this year and they move up to the sort of full dividend receipt. So that's before the next time we'll hear from you guys. I just want to see if that's something you actually intend to do to convert those at that time.
James S. Tisch: Yes, we do.
Andrew Baker: Okay, great. And then, Jim, just sort of bigger picture-wise, we've talked in the past about how the industrial economy, in general, could look to convert over towards natural gas and, over time, significantly increase the demand side of that equation. I think we haven't discussed this really in about 6 months. Any sort of anecdotal evidence you're seeing that those people who could perhaps make the transition are making progress in that regard?
James S. Tisch: It almost sounds like the shale question. I landed in Houston -- no, sorry, I landed in New Orleans for some meetings that I had there, and I was -- as I was getting into the car, the driver opened -- popped open the trunk of the car, and I was just about to throw my bags in, and there I saw what look like a big scuba tank and it said, "propane." And so I asked the driver about it. And in fact, that was a propane-fueled automobile. Now I don't think that growth in natural gas liquids is going to come from Lincoln Town Cars running on propane gas. But if you read the trade press, you can see that there's a lot of talks about LNG for trucks and as well for locomotives. And my guess is that's where the growth is going to come from, as well as from inner-city delivery trucks that work the streets during the day and come back to a garage at night. So I'm a believer that we're going to see significant increases in demand for our natural gas. And I also think that significant demand increase is going to come from the exportation of natural gas, which should begin in the next 2, 3 or 4 years.
Andrew Baker: Just one other thing, with interest rates moving down to the lows here again, just wondering what your sort of thought is on interest rate movement going forward and how that could potentially impact your investments, particularly on the credit side?
James S. Tisch: I think interest rates, as I said in my comments, are very low. We're frustrated by how low they are. We'd like them to go higher. We are -- for CNA, we maintain a -- for our non-matched accounts, which represents about 2/3 of the assets at CNA, we maintain a duration of under 5 for the portfolio. And what we're doing is we're basically investing new cash flow in 10-year securities. And as they roll down the yield curve over time, we picked up a pretty good rate of return on those investments. But investing in -- with that type of strategy is truly a kiss-your-sister type of strategy. There's nothing at all exciting about it, and what we'd really like to see is higher interest rates. I think that a lot of the price increases that we're able to see -- that we're seeing now in the insurance market are the -- is the result of such low interest rates. So what the legacy assets are running off, the companies need to earn a rate of return on their capital. And since they can't get it from their investing operations, they have to get it from their underwriting operations. And so I think we're seeing that in clear view now.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. I'd now like to turn the floor back over to Mary Skafidas for any closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jackie, and thank you, all, for your continued interest in Loews. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately 2 hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President of Investor and Public Relations James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Andrew Baker
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Private Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, everyone. This is Mary Skafidas, and thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and year-end 2012 earnings conference call. A copy of our earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Keegan. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for a reconciliation of those comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive, Jim Tisch. Jim?
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Loews' fourth quarter and year-end results. As you know by now, Loews reported earnings for 2012 of $568 million, or $1.43 per share, as compared to $1.1 billion or $2.62 per share in 2011. Net income included catastrophe losses at CNA and impairment charges at HighMount, which Pete will discuss in more detail later in the call. Absent these charges, our net income for the year would have been $1.2 billion or $3.14 per share. We ended the year with 391.8 million shares outstanding. We purchased 2.1 million shares during the quarter for $83 million and 5.6 million shares during the year for $222 million. Now let's take a closer look at the results of each of our subsidiaries. They've spent the prior year moving the growth strategies forward and strengthening their businesses. Turning first to CNA. Although fourth quarter earnings declined due to higher catastrophe losses primarily due to Superstorm Sandy, CNA has continued to make progress towards improving its underwriting performance through risk selection and pricing discipline while generating premium growth. CNA's underlying P&C loss ratio, excluding catastrophes in prior year development, continues to improve with a year-over-year decrease of about 1 point. To improve its underwriting performance, CNA is focusing on select customer segments where it has specialized underwriting expertise. Submissions, new business and retention continue to be strong in these segments. As of the end of the fourth quarter, more than half of CNA's new business comes from these focused segments, which grew 7% year-over-year and 7% quarter-over-quarter. Rates continued to rise, increasing approximately 6% during the quarter in CNA's P&C operations. For CNA commercial, rates increased 8% for the quarter; and for CNA specialty, they increased 6%. CNA's book value per share increased to $45.71, up 7% from year end 2011. And finally, CNA announced earlier today that it is increasing its quarterly dividend from $0.15 per share to $0.20 per share. At that dividend rate, Loews will receive annual dividends from CNA totaling almost $200 million. Turning to Diamond, demand for offshore deepwater and ultra-deepwater drilling rigs remained strong, while the market for mid-water rigs remained stable. Diamond's earnings for the quarter were down year-over-year, however, partially due to an impairment charge related to the carrying value of 4 drilling rigs. Nonetheless, it was a strong quarter and a good year, and Diamond is moving forward with the same core strategy, which we believe creates value for all shareholders. Diamond's fleet renewal program is ongoing with 4 new drillships on order and 2 Victory-class hulls, the Ocean Apex and the Ocean Onyx, being fully reconstructed. These 6 rigs will be delivered in the next 2 years, and 3 of them have already been committed to contracts with attractive day rates. In addition, last week, Diamond announced a 3-year contract with Shell Oil in the North Sea for the Ocean Patriot at a rate of $400,000 per day, compared to its current day rate of $275,000 per day. Prior to mobilizing for this contract in the second quarter of 2014, the Ocean Patriot will undergo a 6-month upgrade in anticipation of this job. Now let's turn to Boardwalk. Boardwalk had another good quarter. Cash distributions to Loews from Boardwalk during the quarter were $73 million and totaled $286 million for the year. Since 2011, Boardwalk's management team has developed growth projects in excess of $1.9 billion. These growth projects focus on 3 key strategies: number one, leveraging Boardwalk's core pipeline and storage assets; two, diversifying Boardwalk's services; and three, expanding Boardwalk's geographic footprint. Boardwalk's diversification effort will continue to be the company's focus for the coming year. This strategy is aimed at making the company less reliant on its base gas transportation business where a number of factors, including compressed basis differentials, are negatively impacting Boardwalk's future revenues. Boardwalk's 2 most recent acquisitions, HP Storage and Louisiana Midstream, have both helped to move this strategy forward. In addition, both of these acquisitions contributed favorably to Boardwalk's 2012 earnings. When Boardwalk was considering purchasing HP Storage and Louisiana Midstream, it was not possible to obtain attractive funding through the capital markets. Loews stepped in and provided bridge financing for both acquisitions because we considered the long-term growth prospects so promising. HP Storage and Louisiana Midstream have since successfully refinanced those bridge loans at very advantageous rates. The acquisition of HP Storage made possible Boardwalk's Southeast Market Expansion project, which has benefited from HP's high-turnover salt dome storage service. Additionally, HP Storage continued an -- contributed an existing pipeline that significantly reduces the amount of new pipeline required to reach this growing market. The project is supported by 10-year firm agreements, primarily with electric generation and industrial customers, and has a targeted in-service date of late 2014. In order to help offset potential reductions in revenue associated with contracts that will be expiring, Boardwalk will continue its efforts to access new power loads. Today's announcement of its long-term contract with Kentucky utilities is just one example of this strategy in action. At HighMount E&P, low natural gas and natural gas liquids prices continued to impact the company's results. Given a difficult pricing environment, HighMount is currently directing its drilling efforts to locations that should result in higher oil production such as its acreage in the eastern portion of the Oklahoma Mississippian Lime region, which it acquired in late 2011. So far, HighMount has drilled 30 wells on its Miss Lime acreage, and it continues to increase its knowledge of the play. HighMount's drilling costs and time to drill are competitive with other operators in the region, and HighMount intends to continue with its early phase of development for the next several quarters. And finally, at Loews Hotels & Resorts, 2012 has been a very busy year. Since Paul Whetsell joined the company a year ago as President and CEO, he has added talent to the Loews Hotels bench by bringing in industry veterans to bolster all aspects of the business: operations, marketing, sales and more. The Loews Hotels team has been focused on growing in key urban and resort markets, while at the same time improving the performance and profitability of existing properties. Renovations are either under way or imminent at several of our current hotels, and growth opportunities are being continually reviewed. In the past year, Loews Hotels and its partners have committed to projects worth more than $1 billion, including the Loews Hotel in Los Angeles acquired in June of 2012; the Loews Madison Hotel in Washington D.C. acquired at the end of last month; the Loews Back Bay Hotel in Boston, the transaction for which should be finalized this month; major renovations for several of our properties, including Loews Regency Hotel in New York; the Cabana Bay Beach Resort in Orlando currently under construction and expected to open in 2014; and the Loews Chicago Hotel, currently under construction and expected to open in 2015. In December of 2012, Loews Hotels brought in an institutional investor as a joint venture partner for the Loews Hollywood Hotel. Going forward, we'll continue to look for like-minded investors to partner with us in owning new properties. This strategy will allow Loews Hotels to maximize its return on capital and effectively grow its network of top-quality properties. And now, I'll turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete?
Peter W. Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everybody. Loews Corporation today reported a net loss of $32 million, or $0.08 per share, for the fourth quarter of 2012 as compared to net income of $271 million, or $0.68 per share, for the fourth quarter of 2011. Loews' net income for the full year was $568 million, or $1.43 per share, compared to $1.1 billion, or $2.62 per share, in 2011. The decrease for the quarter was due to low net income at CNA and Diamond as well as decreased parent company investment income resulting from lower performance of equity investments. These decreases were partially offset by higher earnings at Boardwalk. These same factors also impacted annual results except for parent company investment income, which was higher year-over-year due to improved performance of equity investments. Excluding catastrophe losses of $171 million after-tax and noncontrolling interest at CNA relating primarily to storm Sandy, and the after-tax ceiling test impairment charge of $97 million at HighMount, net income in the 2012 fourth quarter was $236 million as compared to net income of $271 million for the same period in 2011. Net income in 2012 includes catastrophe losses of $243 million after-tax and noncontrolling interest at CNA and after-tax ceiling test impairment charges of $433 million at HighMount related to the carrying value of its natural gas and oil properties. Excluding these charges, net income in 2012 was $1.2 billion as compared to net income of $1.1 billion in 2011. Book value per share increased to $49.67 at December 31, 2012, as compared to $47.33 at December 31, 2011. For the fourth quarter of 2012, CNA had a net loss attributable to Loews of $5 million as compared to income of $195 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the full year 2012, net income attributable to Loews was $535 million as compared to $567 million for the prior year. CNA's earnings declined due to higher catastrophe losses primarily related to storm Sandy and a lower level of favorable net prior year development in 2012 and in 2011, partially offset by the increased investment income. Increased investment income reflects improved performance of limited partnership investments. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the fourth quarter of 2012 was $73 million compared to $88 million in the prior year quarter. Net income attributable to Loews for the full year 2012 was $337 million as compared to $451 million for the full year 2011. Results for the fourth quarter decreased primarily due to lower average daily revenue, partially offset by an overall increase in utilization and lower contract drilling expense. As Jim mentioned, the fourth quarter was also impacted by an impairment charge related to the carrying value of 3 semisubmersible rigs and 1 jack-up. For the year, results decreased due to lower rig utilization and a decline in average day rate. Boardwalk Pipelines' contribution to net income for the fourth quarter 2012 increased to $31 million from the $21 million in the prior year quarter. For the year, net income attributable to Loews was $111 million as compared to $77 million the year before. Earnings for the quarter and the year increased because of HP Storage, which was acquired in December of 2011, as well as due to lower general and administrative expenses. Comparisons for the full year benefited from lower impairment charges in 2012 compared to 2011. At HighMount, excluding the ceiling test impairment charge, net income from the quarter was $9 million compared to net income of $12 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the year, net income was $26 million as compared to $62 million, excluding the ceiling test impairment charge. Results were impacted by lower natural gas and natural gas liquid prices and a reduction of sales volume because of the continued decrease in natural gas drilling and production. For the year ended December 31, 2012, HighMount recorded noncash ceiling test impairment charges of $680 million, or $433 million after-tax, related to the carrying value of its natural gas and oil properties. The write-downs were the result of declines in natural gas and gas liquid prices. The December 31, 2012, ceiling test calculation was based on the average 2012 prices of $2.76 per MMBTU for natural gas and $41.11 per barrel for NGLs and $94.71 per barrel for oil. HighMount's fourth quarter production volumes and realized prices, which include the benefit of hedges, are as follows: natural gas production was 9.2 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $4.60 per thousand cubic feet; natural gas liquids production was about 552,500 barrels at an average realized price of $37.63 per barrel; and oil production was about 187,300 barrels at an average realized price of $88.82 per barrel. HighMount had hedges in place as of December 31, 2012, that covered approximately 59.5% and 26.6% of its estimated 2013 and 2014 natural gas equivalent production at a weighted average price of $6.27 and $5.39 per Mcfe. Loews Hotels & Resorts recorded a net loss of $2 million for the fourth quarter of 2012 as compared to net income of $5 million for the same period in 2011. For the full year 2012, net income was $7 million as compared to $13 million for the full year 2011. The decrease was primarily due to increased expenses, including acquisition and transition-related costs from the Loews Hollywood Hotel and costs related to the closure of the Loews Regency Hotel while it's undergoing extensive renovation. Holding company cash and investments as of December 31, 2012, totaled $3.9 billion compared to $3.3 billion held at December 31, 2011. We received $173 million in interest and dividends from our subsidiaries for the quarter, substantially all of which was dividends: $36 million from CNA, $61 million from Diamond and $76 million from Boardwalk. For the full year, we received $683 million in interest and dividends from our subsidiaries, again substantially all of which was dividends: $145 million from CNA, $245 million from Diamond and $293 million from Boardwalk. We paid $25 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the fourth quarter of 2012 and paid $99 million in cash dividends for the year. We also bought back 2.1 million shares of Loews' common stock for $83 million for the quarter and 5.6 million shares for $222 million for the year. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Jim.
James S. Tisch: Thanks, Pete. Before we open up the call to questions, I'd just like to close with some observation. Economic conditions in the U.S. for 2012 remained challenging with the pace of recovery is sluggish and intermittent. We expect more of the same for 2013. Our consolidated results were impacted by a few, large, unusual items such as the impact of Superstorm Sandy on CNA and the impact of continued low natural gas prices at HighMount. Absent these items, we are pleased with the progress that all 5 of our subsidiaries are making toward meeting our strategic objectives. Now I'll turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thanks, Jim. Jackie, at this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Let's see. I'd like to go after hotels with my first question. I think I know how to go about trying to value most of your other subsidiaries, but this segment, which is smaller, is a bit more challenging for me. And once every couple years, maybe at an Investor Day or at a call, you give us a little bit of help with thinking about valuing the operations. But as this business is getting more emphasis with growth dynamics, maybe you can give us a little help with either what the EBITDA is or how we should think about what the value is with this operation.
Peter W. Keegan: I can't answer that question directly since we're not going to give you a value. However, Bob, when you see our 10-K this year, we are trying to change some of the metrics that we're going to be showing you going forward starting in 2013 and beginning with the K, which will be filed about the end of the February. So hopefully, we can start to answer your question with a little more clarity. Obviously, some hotel companies are valued at multiples of EBITDA. We'll start presenting more of that data publicly, starting about the end of this month, and we'll be providing some more overall chain metrics so that you can compare the broader performance of the hotel group, including the non-owned hotels in terms of their revenue and their RevPAR. So I can't answer your question directly today. Hopefully, we'll be giving you a little better metrics going forward.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: If you don't have EBITDA numbers today, won't you give us your rough guesstimates of how it's running if you're...
Peter W. Keegan: It's -- we haven't made it public yet. We will be making it more public going forward.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And do I read it right that this could be an area for a decent amount of cap spending prospectively or...
Peter W. Keegan: Yes. We are helping the hotel's growth strategy and really providing some level of bridge financing on individual hotel purchases. As Jim mentioned, the goal here is to bring in some investment partners in some of those purchases, as we already have done on the Hollywood Hotel.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And just a clarification question. The -- I always get a little bit nailed on my model. You had a decent amount of partnership income at CNA, but the trading portfolio generated outsized loss in the quarter. Is that bond marks [ph]? Or is there anything that you'd characterize that hit the quarter? And first quarter is off to a better start as far as partnership income, I suspect.
James S. Tisch: I think it was just generally stocks that were -- had a -- equities that we held at the Loews portfolio were down for the quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. So as I think about Q1, it's more the -- how the equities might be doing in than bond marks [ph] that would drive trading?
James S. Tisch: We do not have too much in the bond market. We are generally bearish on bonds, and we think that equities could do reasonably well. We also have a number of gold stocks that did not perform well in the quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. So I should look at gold and some of your other equity holdings that are public as a guesstimate if I don't want to use the market for...
James S. Tisch: Yes.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: And that's reported real time? No lag?
James S. Tisch: The equities? Yes.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, the partnerships, I know, do have a little bit of lag at CNA. And any...
James S. Tisch: Not all of them. Some of them do.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Some of them. .
James S. Tisch: But they are each consistent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Adelman with Morgan Stanley.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim, can you -- you mentioned the statistics about the new drilling program, but you didn't really characterize the performance of those new wells. How are they doing? How are they performing versus what other companies are drilling in that region?
James S. Tisch: So you're talking about the wells in the Mississippian Lime?
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes.
James S. Tisch: They're -- we've drilled 30 wells there, and we've had -- when you average out all the wells that we drilled, our performance is similar to the performance of wells drilled by people in our area. What we're doing is we want to drill another set of wells so that we can begin to really delineate the area and understand what we have. Right now, our belief is that this area is commercial, and we just have to wait and see how the other wells come out to prove up whether that thought is accurate.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then can you give us a rough indication of how much the annual depreciation in that division is going to come down because of the sizable ceiling test impairment you took this year?
Peter W. Keegan: I don't have that readily available, David. Let's get back to you on that.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, also a question on the hotel business. If you look forward 2 or 3 years, could you characterize or define what success will be in that business unit from a strategic and financial perspective given the efforts under way? You'll have evolved Loews Hotels into what?
James S. Tisch: So we are looking to grow Loews Hotels. We are looking to do it in what I would call an asset-like manner in that we would like to own 25% to 50% of the properties that we acquire with investors owning the other 50% to 75%. We'd like to build the hotel chain into one where hotel owners would want us to manage the hotel without actually owning it. In terms of earnings and EBITDA, we'd be looking for that to grow. And we're looking to take the hotel company from an enterprise that's been rather stable over the past decade or so to one that's got growth in its future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Just following up on that last. Most of the hotel companies seem to either be owners of many of the REITS or managers of fee-for-service. You seem to be somewhere in the middle. Is that correct? And is that very difficult to manage, if that's the case? And I also have a question on the gas.
James S. Tisch: It's really a benefit to us because we can invest the equity capital that's needed to build hotels, and then once they've been built, we can sell off a significant portion of it to investors. We can react to any situation that presents itself so that we can economically grow our business. So at Loews Corp., we are willing to consider using the cash that we have to help grow our hotel business. And what we do for each project is we make sure that the economics to those transactions look promising. And if they do, we're happy to invest in them.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. On the gas, in order for gas values to increase, does gas have to become liquefied? And if that's the case, does that seem to be economically feasible?
James S. Tisch: Let me try to understand what you're saying.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So gas -- on a BTU value is selling way below oil or petroleum. And one way to get it up there is to liquefy it. I'm not sure...
James S. Tisch: Okay, let me try to explain. Natural gas at Henry Hub trades for the equivalent of about $20 per barrel of oil. So it's trading at less than 25% on a BTU basis of WTI, and it's trading at less than 20% of oil value for Brent, which is another major index for oil. You talked about liquefying. Generally, the only time -- there are only 2 times when you would liquefy natural gas. To liquefy natural gas, you have to cool it down to minus 250 degrees or so, and you do that in order to ship natural gas to export markets. There is currently a debate going on in Washington and within the energy community about whether or not the United States should allow natural gas to be exported. And that debate will play out, I believe, over the coming year. Currently, I think one license has been granted and others are pending. That could increase the demand for natural gas by a few billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. Those contracts generally will not kick in until 3 or 4 years from now because there are developers that have to put in the substantial capital necessary in order to build the export facility. The other place where liquefied natural gas, or LNG, may be used is for over-the-road trucks and locomotives on railroads. That is something that is currently being tested and experimented with, and it's my guess that similar to the export of LNG, that's something that will start to be more prevalent in the marketplace in the next 2 to 3 years. My guess is that at first, the LNG as a motor fuel will not make a significant difference in daily production of natural gas. But over time, say, over the next 5 to 10 years, it could actually be a very significant factor for demand. We'll only know that in the next 5 to 10 years when we see what the price of natural gas is compared to the price for oil. So we've got to stay tuned for that.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So if that's, I guess, the way -- at least from the stock market's standpoint, it seems very long term and unclear that there'll be a call it fair valuation for natural gas.
James S. Tisch: Well, the valuation in natural gas is determined by 2 things: number one, demand; and number two is supply. Demand has been actually growing very rapidly, and my guess is it will continue to grow. And natural gas has been taking market share away from oil. But the issue is that the supply of natural gas has grown rapidly as well. My guess, and I stated this before, is that the equilibrium price for natural gas is about somewhere between $4 and $4.50 per Mcf, which is the equivalent of $25 to $30 per barrel of oil. So it still is, as I like to call it, BTUs on the cheap. And the thing that's happened is that we have gone from an era, a long era, where natural gas was seen as a commodity that's in short supply or very scarce to one that's in abundant supply. So I think as more and more people understand that and factor it into their capital spending, you will continue to see a natural gas consumption increase without natural gas prices running away because, as I said, there is so much supply that's available at that price range of $4 to $4.50 per Mcf.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Andy Baker with Barclays.
Andrew Baker: Just a question. Jim, you were talking just a second ago about natural gas taking share from oil. Where do you see that happening? And I guess over the next 5 to 10 years as this pricing plays out, where do you think the -- which industries do you think are most likely to make this switch or can realize the best benefit from [indiscernible] to the low-cost BTUs?
James S. Tisch: So the only place generally where there's been this direct head-to-head competition of natural gas and oil is in transportation fuels. But when you look at the energy mix of the U.S. economy, you see that oil has come down and natural gas has gone up. The price where natural gas is taking very significant market share over the past several years has been in power production. And there, natural gas has taken market share from coal. The other thing that's happened is that oil consumption has declined -- steadily declined in the United States since about '07. And the reason for that is either improved miles per gallon on cars or flat -- or miles driven not increasing so dramatically. But it hasn't really been so much gas on oil competition.
Andrew Baker: And just one other question on hotels. I guess the question is why now, why we make such a big investment. Or why are there more opportunities coming to you now than there have in the past? I mean, this is something we've talked about for a number of years and hoping that the -- you are well poised with your liquidity to take advantage of opportunities during the fiscal crisis. Now as we emerge, are there just more opportunities coming your way now or -- so that you are more comfortable with the outlook for the properties that are on the market? I mean, how do we think about the timing decisions here?
James S. Tisch: I'd say it's 2 things. Number one, we do see opportunities. There are not many hotels that are being built now even though the hotel business is reasonably good. So that's an environment where we like to be developing hotels, combined with the fact that we have a management team now that is very adept at acquiring hotels. They understand very well how to finance hotels not only with debt but also with equity investors. And so we're making use of their expertise.
Andrew Baker: And just one last for Pete. I missed what you said on the call what the year-end corporate cash and debt balances were.
Peter W. Keegan: It's about 3.9 billion.
James S. Tisch: And the debt on Loews is about $700 million.
Peter W. Keegan: The debt is yes, $700 million.
Operator: That was our final question. Now I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mary Skafidas for any closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, everyone. Thank you for your continued interest. A replay is going to be available on our website in the next 2 hours. And this concludes our call for today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President of Investor and Public Relations James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Bunyaner Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President, Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to Loews Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Keegan. Following their prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward looking in nature. Actual results received by the company -- achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstance at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we may also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch. Jim?
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and good morning, everyone. And I hope everybody is staying dry and staying safe. As you know by now, Loews reported earnings for the quarter of $177 million, or $0.47 -- $0.45 per share, compared to $162 million, or $0.40 per share, that Loews earned in the third quarter of 2011. Results for the third quarter of 2012 include impairment charges of $166 million after tax at HighMount relating to the carrying value of its producing properties. These charges were the result of declines in natural gas and natural gas liquids prices. Absent the ceiling test impairment charges, our quarterly net income would have been $343 million or $0.87 per share. Loews ended the third quarter with $3.8 billion in cash and investments at the holding company level. In the third quarter, we spent approximately $88 million buying back about 2.2 million shares of Loews' common stock. Our book value per share increased to $50.41 at the end of the third quarter from $47.33 a year -- at year end 2011. Now let's take a closer look at each of our subsidiaries. CNA had another solid quarter. Results for the quarter were driven primarily by increased investment income, especially from limited partnerships. CNA continues to execute its strategy of focusing on select customer segments. About half of CNA's new business is now coming from these 7 focus segments, including health care and construction, areas where CNA has specialized underwriting capabilities. Rates continued to improve and increased approximately 6% during the quarter in CNA's P&C operations. In CNA commercial, rates were up 8% for the quarter versus 7% in the second quarter and 2% during the third quarter of 2011. Rate increases, combined with management's underwriting strategies, are leading to improvements in CNA's underwriting results. CNA's loss ratio before catastrophes and prior year development continued to improve during the third quarter. In CNA commercial, for example, this ratio improved by almost 2.5 points versus last year's third quarter. Over the past few years, as management's actions have taken hold, CNA has narrowed the loss ratio gap with peers in its core commercial business. This is the first quarter CNA has included Hardy Underwriting in its results. Hardy is CNA's recently acquired Lloyd's syndicate and is off to a strong start. Turning to Diamond Offshore and the offshore drilling market. Diamond had a good quarter, although its net income was down $79 million versus the same period last year. Two main factors drove the profit decline. First, a number of rigs rolled off of record high day rates from contracts that had been signed during the previous subcycle. Second main factor was unplanned downtime, which was slightly above average compared to better-than-average downtime in the prior quarter. Demand in the drilling market for mid-water, deepwater and ultra-deepwater rigs remained strong, as indicated by recent contracts signed by Diamond and other drillers. Diamond has entered into new contracts or extended existing contracts with attractive day rates and durations. Also during the third quarter, Diamond announced plans to rebuild the Ocean Apex, a Victory-class semisubmersible rig that will be delivered from the shipyard in Singapore in 2014 at an all-in cost of about $300 million. The Ocean Apex is the last of Diamond's Victory-class rebuilds. There are 9 Victory-class hulls in the world and Diamond owns all 9 of them. These Victory-class hulls have extremely long life spans. And since the mid-1990s, Diamond has used each of these hulls as the base upon which to build a new rig, including all new drilling equipment. The end product is the equivalent of a new-build rig. These Victory-class rebuilds, along with Diamond's other new-build rig acquisitions, are just a few examples of the company's strategy for enhancing its fleet at significantly reduced cost, a strategy that has returned tremendous value to Diamond and to Loews. The Ocean Apex rebuild follows quickly after that of the Ocean Onyx, another Victory-class hull being rebuilt and scheduled for delivery in 2013. Also, as I've previously discussed, Diamond will take delivery of 4 new-build ultra-deepwater drillships in 2013 and 2014. Now let's turn to Boardwalk. Boardwalk had a good quarter. Net income attributable to Loews was $20 million compared to $18 million for the third quarter last year. Due to the seasonality of the business, the third quarter is typically Boardwalk's weakest of the year. Best distributions due Loews from Boardwalk during the quarter amounted to $72 million. Boardwalk continues to execute its strategy of diversifying its services and geographic footprint in order to generate growth. The company's recent acquisition of PL Midstream, renamed Boardwalk Louisiana Midstream, is an example of Boardwalk driving its diversification strategy forward. The acquisition enables Boardwalk to enter the natural gas liquids storage and distribution business with strategically located and well-contracted assets and a strong, experienced management team. The acquisition in early October of Boardwalk Louisiana Midstream, together with the organic growth projects, such as the Southeast market expansion and the Eagle Ford expansion projects, once completed, will result in approximately $1.2 billion of new assets for Boardwalk. Loews initially acquired 65% of Boardwalk Louisiana Midstream in early October to assist Boardwalk in the acquisition of the company. In mid-October, just 2 weeks after the closing of that acquisition and subsequent to an equity sale by Boardwalk, Boardwalk then purchased from Loews, Loews' 65% stake in Boardwalk Louisiana Midstream. This transaction worked better than planned as the drop-down occurred sooner than anticipated, which ultimately benefited both Boardwalk and Loews shareholders. This is the second time that Loews has been able to use its balance sheet to help Boardwalk take advantage of a great opportunity, the first being the purchase of HP Storage, which is another recent acquisition for Boardwalk. Loews is ready to help with future transactions that we think will add value to Boardwalk and to Loews. At HighMount E&P, low natural gas prices continued to impact the company's results. Given the difficult pricing environment, HighMount is currently directing its drilling efforts to locations that should result in higher oil production. These areas include the Mississippian line in Oklahoma and the Wolfcamp strata in Sonora, Texas. Specifically, HighMount has been drilling on the acreage position it acquired last year in the Mississippian line, which is an oil play. HighMount has drilled and completed 12 wells, and initial production rates are comparable to those of other operators in the area. HighMount will continue with this exploratory phase for the next several quarters, and we look forward to sharing additional information about their results as we receive it. Finally, turning to Loews Hotels & Resorts, we continued to make real progress in our strategy of growing in key urban and resort markets such as the new Loews Hollywood. Additionally, through 2012 and into 2013, Loews will be renovating hotels in 6 key locations. One of these properties will be the Loews Regency in New York, where extensive renovations will begin in early 2013. Going back to Loews at the holding company level. Loews' investment income increased to $79 million in the third quarter due to improved performance in equity and equity-like investments. This is a $143 million improvement from the $64 million loss that we experienced in the same period in 2011. As a final point, and before handing the call over to Pete, while you haven't seen us make a large acquisition at the holding company level recently, Loews and its subsidiaries have not been standing still. From 2010 to 2012, Loews and its subsidiaries have committed to projects in excess of $6 billion. These projects include Diamond's 4 new drillships and 2 rebuild semisubmersibles, Boardwalk's recent acquisitions of Boardwalk Louisiana Midstream and HP Storage, CNA's acquisitions of Hardy and the remainder of CNA Surety, HighMount's addition of acreage in the Mississippian line and the expansion and renovation activities within Loews Hotels. Here at the holding company level, we have been helping to facilitate some of these transactions. In addition, during that same time period, the holding company has spent about $1.2 billion in share repurchases. As always, all of these actions are part of our effort to create value over the long term for all Loews shareholders. Now let me turn the call over to Pete Keegan.
Peter W. Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Loews Corporation today reported net income of $177 million, or $0.45 per share, for the third quarter of 2012 as compared to $162 million, or $0.40 per share, in the third quarter of 2011. As Jim mentioned, net income for the quarter includes a noncash ceiling test impairment charge of $166 million after tax at HighMount Exploration & Production as a result of declines in natural gas and natural gas liquid prices. Income, excluding the ceiling test impairment charge, would have been $343 million as compared to $162 million in the third quarter of 2011. The increase is due primarily to higher earnings at CNA Financial and higher holding company investment income due primarily to increased performance of equity and limited partnership investments. These increases were partially offset by lower earnings at Diamond Offshore. Income, excluding the ceiling test impairment charge for the first 9 months of 2012 is $936 million as compared to $791 million in the 2011 period. The increase is due primarily to the reasons I just mentioned as well as improved earnings from Boardwalk Pipeline, primarily due to the contribution for Boardwalk HP Storage Company, which was acquired in December 2011, as well as the prior year impact of an impairment charge related to steel pipe materials. These increases were partially offset by lower earnings at Diamond Offshore. CNA's contribution to Loews' net income for the third quarter was a $195 million as compared to $84 million in 2011. CNA's earnings increased due to higher net investment income driven by favorable limited partnership income, improved current accident year underwriting results and lower catastrophe losses, partially offset by decreased favorable net prior year development. Book value per common share for CNA was $46.99 at the end of the third quarter, an increase of 4% from the end of the second quarter. The increase reflects earnings and improvement in CNA's investment portfolio net unrealized gain position. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the third quarter of 2012 was $83 million compared to $121 million in the prior year quarter. Diamond Offshore's earnings decrease resulted primarily from lower rig utilization and a decrease in average day rate, which was partially offset by lower interest expense. Diamond also had lower rig operating costs this quarter. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to net income for the third quarter increased slightly to $20 million from $18 million in the prior year quarter. The increase is primarily due to storage and transportation revenues earned from HP Storage. In addition, parking and lending revenues increased due to improved market conditions. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in transportation revenue due to lower interruptible service. At HighMount, excluding the ceiling test impairment charge, net income for the quarter would have been $8 million compared to net income of $16 million in the third quarter of 2011. For the 9 months ended September 2012, HighMount recorded noncash ceiling test impairment charges of $336 million after tax. The ceiling test calculation was based on average 12-month prices of $2.83 per MMBTU for natural gas, $46.02 per barrel for natural gas liquids and $94.97 per barrel for oil. If prices and reserve levels remain unchanged through 2012, it is likely that HighMount will incur noncash after-tax ceiling test impairments ranging from approximately $50 million to $100 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 amounting to $386 million to $436 million for the full year. HighMount's third quarter production volumes and realized prices, which include the benefit of hedges, are as follows: natural gas production was 9.5 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $4.28 per thousand cubic feet, natural gas liquids production was about 590,000 barrels at an average realized price of $37.48 per barrel, and oil production was about 132,000 barrels at an average realized price of $94.71 per barrel. HighMount has hedges in place as of September 30, 2012, to cover approximately 75% of the remaining projected equivalent 2012 production at $5.70 per Mcfe. Loews Hotels & Resorts recorded a net loss of $1 million as compared to breaking even for the same period in 2011. The decrease is primarily due to increased expenses, including acquisition- and transition-related costs from the Loews Hollywood Hotel. Revenue per available room increased $7.53 to $169.31 for the 3 months ended September 30, 2012, as compared to the 2011 period. Occupancy rates increased to 82% in the 3 months ended September 30, 2012, from 79.8% in the 2011 period. Average room rates increased $3.70, or 1.8%, in the 3 months ended September 30, 2012, as compared to the 2011 period. Holding company cash and investments as of September 30, 2012, totaled $3.8 billion compared to the $3.7 billion held at June 30, 2012. We received $169 million in interest and dividends from our subsidiaries and paid $24 million in cash to our shareholders during the third quarter of 2012. We also bought back 2.2 million shares of Loews common stock for $88 million. And now I'll turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thanks, Pete. Jackie, at this time, we'd like to open up the discussion for questions. Would you mind repeating the instructions to the participants?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Could you talk about what you're seeing in pricing for transmission lines? And what kind of ROIC you're currently seeing and what do you see kind of long term for returns or what you're looking for long term for returns on transmission pipelines?
James S. Tisch: It all depends -- Michael, it all depends on which pipes you're looking at. It's really a total mixed bag. For LDCs, local distribution companies, and municipalities, there might be one rate. For people that are looking to go on the pipeline superhighway, there might be another rate. And it all depends on -- a lot on location, where the gas is coming from and where it's going to. As a general rule, as you might expect, for lines coming out of Texas and going up to Marcellus, subject to whether other lines service -- provide service for where someone specifically wants to go but the pricing is somewhat weaker than previously because of the increased production in the Marcellus Shale that's being consumed in the Northeast.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Maybe I wasn't clear. I was looking for not the cost to transmit but the cost to purchase lines and the return on investment for -- from your standpoint of purchasing the lines or maybe building new lines.
James S. Tisch: Boardwalk only builds lines when it has commitments that allow it to earn an attractive return on its capital. And if you noticed, in fact the last 2 acquisitions that Boardwalk has made has been in the area of storage, specifically for salt domes to store natural gas and also to store natural gas liquids.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: And what do you calculate or figure was your -- going to be your -- or their return on that storage investment?
James S. Tisch: I don't think that Boardwalk has disclosed a specific anticipated return on investment. But let me just say we think that it's very attractive. And those acquisitions also can lead to very attractive organic growth projects that can have yet even higher returns than the acquisition itself.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: And just a bookkeeping question. What is the current HighMount book value?
James S. Tisch: Pete, do you have that?
Peter W. Keegan: Yes. I think we'll get -- we'll correct it, but I think it's $1.7 right now. I don't have it in front of me, Mike, but I think that's approximately the number.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of David Adelman with Morgan Stanley.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Pete, one quick question. The number you provided for the implicit full year forecast for the potential HighMount ceiling impairment was slightly less than the most recent update. Is that because natural gas prices in the most recent quarter were somewhat higher?
Peter W. Keegan: Yes. It's a function of all 3 prices, oil, natural gas and liquid prices, plus our estimated level of reserves to track those against. So it's a function of those 4 moving parts. But basically, yes, you're right.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, Jim, anything you can say about sort of the decision framework on the pacing of your share repurchases, both in the third quarter and year-to-date?
James S. Tisch: All I can say is we spent $88 million to buy 2.2 million shares in the third quarter. And as you know, we do not talk about what our plans are for future repurchases.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Bunyaner with TLF Capital.
Michael Bunyaner: Just to clarify, Jim, you mentioned that you repurchased 1.2 billion shares -- I'm sorry, $1.2 billion worth of shares. I could not hear what period of time were you quoting.
James S. Tisch: That was from 2010 until the third quarter of 2012. So that was -- in addition to the $6 billion of commitments and capital spending that our subsidiaries have made and that we helped to finance in some cases, Loews has also spent $1.2 billion buying in its own shares.
Michael Bunyaner: Okay. And 2 questions on your operating businesses. In terms of CNA, clearly the environment has improved and the pricing is going in the right direction. But the company is still significantly overcapitalized, at least from the 64,000 feet. How are you thinking about what is the proper capitalization? And does the possible change in the tax laws would affect your decisions or thinking about what that capital should be?
James S. Tisch: Listen, we think CNA is very, very strong. Before we do anything, we want to see the ratings of CNA increased. CNA currently has a claims paying rating from Moody's and Standard and Poor's of A-. We think it should be A. And we are hopeful that soon, that the rating agencies will recognize everything that's been done at CNA and raise its ratings. In terms of capital planning, as you see -- or as you saw 1.5 years ago, CNA started paying dividends, and that's basically the extent of what we've been thinking about in terms of capital planning at CNA.
Michael Bunyaner: One last one, just to follow up. Because the company is improving tremendously, the ROE has increased but is still significantly below 10%. Now some of the business is being run off and the other business is being repriced. Now is the longer-term view that under new management the company can earn significantly more than the cost of capital? Or is there something else that we should be thinking about as it relates to their improvement in operating performance?
James S. Tisch: We don't -- as you know, we don't talk about specific numeric returns on capital that we're looking for or expecting. But there's no doubt that we're hoping to get to higher rates of return. And while we're pleased with the earnings that we're -- we've got, we're not pleased with the rates of return, and you can be sure that the management at CNA is working very, very hard to increase those rates.
Michael Bunyaner: And one other on -- as it relates to HighMount. You were very early in recognizing the fundamental changes in the business. Just share your view of the industry, specifically the glut in NGLs and where we are in terms of the gas business cycle.
James S. Tisch: Sure. Actually, I think gas prices, truth be told, have come back faster than I would have expected. I think that we, as a nation -- first of all, the natural gas picture has changed dramatically over the past 5 years. In the past 5 years, gas has gone from a commodity that was seen to be in shortage, where it traded in '08 at $15 an Mcf, and now it is a commodity that is seen to be in vast abundance. The United States has about, that we know of now, about 100 years' supply of natural gas. As a country, we produce about 65 billion cubic feet per day, and we could increase that production by 50%, in my opinion, with a gas price in the $4 to $4.50 range. So what's needed now for the gas market is just continued demand growth. Demand growth has come over the past several years from the power sector as gas has taken significant market share from coal. But I anticipate in the future that there will be increases in other sectors' demand for gas as well as continued increases in -- from the power sector. I'm also hopeful that over the intermediate term, 3 to 5 years, there will also be significant increases in natural gas coming from the exportation of natural gas. That will -- exporting natural gas will benefit a lot of people. First of all, for every additional 1 billion cubic feet of natural gas that we produce a day, it should increase jobs -- my number is 7,000 to 10,000 jobs per billion cubic feet, permanent jobs. Again, Juergen's [ph] using a number of about 40,000 additional jobs per billion cubic feet. So exploiting gas will improve employment by some significant amount. It will also improve our trade deficit and our current account deficit. So those are all positives. And I believe that this all can be done in an environment where natural gas prices remain under -- remain at about $4.50 per Mcf. It will also be -- one other thing, it also will be very transformative for our economy as we as a nation switch over time, over the next several years, starting with heavy trucks and buses and inner city delivery vehicles from oil and diesel to natural gas. It will be good for the environment. It will be good for our economy. It will bring costs down dramatically. I can see railroads switching from diesel fuel to natural gas. In fact, there are railroads that are already beginning to experiment with that. And when one railroad or one trucker does that, then others will have to follow very quickly because gas trades at such a significant discount to oil. While West Texas Intermediate is about $86 a barrel and international oil, as measured by Brent, is $20 higher, we have natural gas that's trading at under $4 an Mcf, which is the equivalent of less than $25 a barrel. So as I said before, natural gas in the United States in BTUs on the cheap, and the invisible hand of the markets will drive oil consumers to make the switch to natural gas and we will all be better off as a result.
Michael Bunyaner: And in terms of the glut of natural gas liquids?
James S. Tisch: So yes, we do have a lot of natural gas liquids. We've seen a tremendous change in the market for natural gas liquids as ethylene crackers are being -- are on the drawing board and ready for construction. I've seen plans for some people to export LPG. There's just an awful lot that's going on in the natural gas liquids market in order, number one, for consumers to make use of this very attractively priced by-product oils for it to be exported. So there's a lot going on in it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Janney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Your text was -- on natural gas was the same speech you would have given us last quarter. You can quote Patrick [ph] [indiscernible], and he talked about you putting all your gas exploration in abeyance. And then your last thought was almost Boone Pickens in enthusiasm of how good the gas factor could make -- could be from here on the margin. When did -- how much do the gas prices have to go up for you to start exploring more and getting more out? And when does the first -- second half of your speech match to the first part of the speech?
James S. Tisch: So first of all, the comparison with Boone Pickens. I sort of accept that as a compliment. I want to say, though, that I am not calling for the government to fund anything with respect to getting to increase consumption of natural gas. I believe that the free market can do that on its own. With respect to...
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Understood. By the way, I was just referring to enthusiasm of what natural gas can be for this economy.
James S. Tisch: Okay. Then with respect to -- specifically with respect to HighMount, we have an awful lot of gas in the ground at -- in Sonora, Texas. I think right now, it's at least 1 trillion feet. And if gas prices go higher, I think the amount that we have in the ground will go higher because it will become more economic to produce it. There are 2 ways that we could push the button to restart drilling in Sonora. One is if natural gas prices go up. The other is if we can reduce the cost of drilling for natural gas there. And we are looking very, very carefully at how we can drill wells there to get natural gas production at prices that are lower than -- at costs that are lower than historically we have been able to drill for natural gas. So if we're able to do that, if prices go up a bit, then it's possible that we could restart drilling in Sonora, Texas.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess the question is, you didn't want to quantify, but how much do gas prices have to go up before we start seeing more positive contribution to the reported numbers at HighMount? A little, a lot or are we close here?
James S. Tisch: We -- listen, I don't want to give a specific number. But let me just say that right now, we are not at a level where we are -- where it is economic for us to drill for natural gas. But as I said, we are working to see how we can drill for a cheaper price, a cheaper cost, so that the gas production will be economic. And let me just give you some range. We are -- when I talk about these higher prices, I'm not talking about $7 or $8 an Mcf. It's substantially lower than that, but it's also higher than where we are today.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's good enough. CNA talked about pretty clearly how it might work its way through. Obviously, there's a lot going on, and my thoughts to all involved but is there any other sort of elements for the company we need to think about, hotels, or how do you staff and run your New York City hotels? With the subways, you can -- are there more people that stay there or don't stay there? It's probably not a big deal but -- to drill in and of the other segments. But how should we be thinking about implications?
James S. Tisch: I believe we've been through this drill before, through power failures and the like. There is -- especially in times of crisis or emergency, there is an extraordinary esprit de corp. At times like this, guests tend not to expect 4.5 star service. They're happy to have a clean bed in a clean bedroom. And I'm pleased to say that the hotels can provide that and more. And the management of the hotel goes far out of its way. The workers go far out of their way. And they're all able to achieve a product that the guests truly appreciate.
Robert Glasspiegel - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. If no other semi-implications [ph] to the other segments immediately and you've gone through the quarter problems without any issues, I would assume? And...
James S. Tisch: That's right. Yes.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we have reached our allotted time for questions. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mary for any closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jackie, and thank you all for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website at loews.com in approximately 2 hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas - Vice President of Investor and Public Relations James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Andrew Baker
Operator: Good morning, my name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor and Public Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to Loews Corporation Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Keegan. Following their prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Loews' second quarter results. As you know by now, we reported earnings of $56 million for the quarter, as compared to $250 million of Loews earned in the second quarter of 2011. Net income for the quarter includes after-tax, noncash fueling test impairment charges of $142 million at HighMount, related to the carrying value of its natural gas properties. These charges were the results of declines in natural gas and natural gas liquids pricing. Loews ended the second quarter with $3.7 billion in cash and investments at the holding company level. This quarter, we spent approximately $51 million buying back about 1.3 million shares of Loews' stock. During the second quarter, Moody's Investors Service upgraded by 1 notch the senior unsecured ratings of Loews, CNA Financial and Diamond Offshore. According to Moody's, Loews' upgrade to A2 reflects the strengthening credit profile of our primary operating subsidiaries and our standalone financial strength and conservative financial policies. Moody's also affirmed the CNA insurance company's financial strength ratings and revised the outlook on these ratings to positive from stable. So now, both Moody's and S&P have CNA's financial strength on positive outlook, which is a real credit to the progress that's being made by the management team at CNA. In addition to the good news from the rating agencies, CNA had a solid quarter, which was favorably impacted by lower catastrophe losses and improved non-catastrophe current accident year underwriting results. Lower net investment income from CNA's limited partnership investments created a drag on an otherwise strong improvement in net operating income. ELP investment produced a second quarter pretax loss of $35 million in 2012 as compared to pretax income of $11 million in 2011. The combined ratio for the P&C operations, excluding catastrophe losses in prior year development, improved by nearly 3 points versus last year's second quarter. Also, the reported combined ratio improved by 4.3 points to 101.7 during the second quarter. CNA continues to close the underwriting performance gap with its best-in-class competitors. There's more work to be done, and we look forward to CNA continuing its steady progress towards becoming a top-tier industry performer. In July, CNA closed its acquisition of Hardy Underwriting, a specialized Lloyd's underwriter with a solid market reputation and a long history of disciplined underwriting. This acquisition will provide CNA with a key platform for international growth. Hardy's results would be included in CNA's and Loews' third quarter results. Turning to Diamond Offshore and the offshore drilling market. Diamond had a solid quarter despite its net income being down by about $60 million versus last year's second quarter. The biggest driver of the decline was that Diamond had 5 rigs in the shipyard this quarter for the 5-year special surveys compared to none during the same period last year. It's worth mentioning that despite the drop in oil prices, the offshore drilling market continues to show real strength. We believe that Diamond is well positioned to take advantage of these market conditions, given its rig availability over the coming 2 to 3 years. Recent contracts signed by Diamond and other drillers for mid-water, deepwater and ultra-deepwater rigs indicate that demand is strong. Diamond continues to focus on modernizing its fleet. As a reminder, Diamond has 4 ultra-deepwater drillships under construction in Korea. Earlier in '09, Diamond purchased 2 ultra-deep waters semisubmersibles in bankruptcy options. And most recently, Diamond is reconstructing an older semisubmersible into a high spec drilling unit to be named the Ocean Onyx. The rig was recently awarded a 1-year contract at a rate of $490,000 per day to work in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico upon delivery from the shipyard in the third quarter of 2013. Diamond is actively considering another project similar to the Ocean Onyx that should provide the company with very attractive returns. The cost of this fleet renewal since '09 announced to -- amounts to almost $4 billion. Now let's turn to Boardwalk. While Boardwalk had a good quarter, the market fundamentals of its base business remain challenging. Sustaining low natural gas prices, compressed basis spreads and now with seasonal spreads are making it difficult for Boardwalk to grow its base business. In light of this, Boardwalk has prudently decided to hold distribution steady in this quarter rather than raise the payout. This action will help Boardwalk strengthen its balance sheet as it continues to focus on long-term growth prospects. We remain bullish on Boardwalk over the long term. Stan Horton and his team are not standing still. They have a number of projects in the works that should enhance the company's prospects. At HighMount E&P, low natural gas prices continue to impact the company's results and produce -- primarily a producer of natural gas. Given the difficult environment for natural gas, HighMount is scaling up its efforts to produce more oil. In the Permian Basin, HighMount has put dry gas development activity on hiatus and is focusing on drilling Wolfcamp Shale wells that have high oil potential. Additionally, HighMount is now starting to drill for oil on the land it acquired last year in the Mississippian line in Oklahoma. And we are hopeful about seeing significant oil production from this property. Overall, we are encouraged by HighMount's efforts to pursue projects that have the potential to diversify its product mix and generate high returns in the current environment. As you know, for the second quarter, HighMount recorded a noncash ceiling test impairment charge. As I said last quarter, by it bears repeating, ceiling test impairment charges are mandated by Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, and not because the gas is no longer in the ground. I continue to be a firm believer that we will see a continuing increase in gas consumption in the U.S., and we remain optimistic about natural gas usage and pricing over the long term. Finally, turning to Loews Hotels and resorts. Paul Whetsell continues to make progress on this growth program. Let me point the 3 recent examples: number one, during the second quarter, Loews Hotels acquired Loews Hollywood in Los Angeles, which has 632 guestrooms and 48,000 square feet of meeting space. This should be a great property for Loews Hotels and its customers; number two, Loews Hotels announced earlier this month that the Regency hotel in New York will undergo an extensive renovation during 2013. The renovation is designed to ensure that the Regency will continue to offer unmatched contemporary comfort while maintaining its renowned standard of hospitality and service; and number three, Loews Hotels and Universal announced the Cabanna Bay Beach Resort, a newer hotel development at Universal Orlando with 1,800 rooms offering both modern and value-priced accommodations. This resort will be operated by Loews Hotels and is scheduled to open in 2014. At the holding company level, Loews' investment income declined in the second quarter as compared to the same period in 2011. This decrease was due to lower performance of limited partnerships and equity investments for the 3 and 6 months ended June 30, 2012. Finally, before I turn the call over to Pete, while you haven't seen us make any acquisitions at the holding company level recently, you may have noticed that there's been no shortage of activity at our subsidiaries, whether it's Diamond Offshore seizing an opportunity to upgrade its fleet or Loews Hotels adding and upgrading assets in profitable Florida, California and New York City markets or CNA expanding its global footprint with its acquisition of Hardy, Loews' subsidiaries have been making attractive, strategic acquisitions. And we, at the holding company level, have been helping to facilitate some of these transactions. We continue to be pleased with, and involved in, each of our subsidiaries future prospects and will continue to focus on creating value over the long term for all Loews' shareholders. Now let me turn the call over to Pete.
Peter W. Keegan: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Loews Corporation today reported net income of $56 million or $0.14 per share for the second quarter of 2012 as compared to $250 million or $0.61 per share in the second quarter of 2011. As Jim mentioned, net income for the quarter includes a noncash, ceiling test impairment charge of $142 million after-tax at HighMount Exploration & Production, as a result of declines in natural gas and natural gas liquid prices. Excluding the ceiling test impairment charge, Loews' net income for 2012 would have been $198 million as compared to $250 million in the second quarter of 2011. The change is due primarily to lower earnings of Diamond Offshore Drilling and decreased performance of equity and limited partnership investments at the parent company. These decreases were partially offset by higher earnings of CNA Financial and Boardwalk Pipeline partners. CNA's contribution to Loews' net income for the second quarter was $138 million as compared to $101 million in 2012 -- in 2011. Period-over-period comparisons were favorable due to lower catastrophe losses, improved underwriting results and premium rate increases in CNA's core P&C operations, as well as lower losses in its run-off businesses. Results were partially offset by lower net investment income due to decreased limited partnership results. CNA continues to sustain positive rate momentum across its P&C portfolio. A 6% rate increase in the quarter, which was up 2 points from the 4% CNA reported in the first quarter and up 5 points from the second quarter last year. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the second quarter of 2012 was $94 million compared to $125 million in the prior year's quarter. Diamond Offshore's earnings decrease resulted primarily from lower rig utilization as more rigs were undergoing special surveys, the decrease in average day rate and an increase in contract drilling expenses, reflecting the costs of the special surveys. These decreases were partially offset by a $23 million gain after-tax and noncontrolling interests from the sale of 5 jacked up rigs in the second quarter of 2012. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to net income for the second quarter increased to $25 million from $5 million in the prior year quarter. The increase in net income was due to the absence of a $28 million materials and supplies impairment charge from the 2011 period, as well as higher transportation and storage-related revenues and the contribution of HP Storage operating results, which was acquired in just December 2011. HighMount recorded a net loss of $139 million for the second quarter of 2012 compared to net income of $15 million in the second quarter of 2011. The lower results were due to the noncash cost centers ceiling test impairment charge of $142 million after-tax related to the carrying value of its natural gas and oil properties, as well as decreased sales volumes stemming from the reduction in drilling activity and declines in natural gas and NGL prices. Excluding the ceiling test impairment charge, net income for the quarter would have been $3 million. For the 3 and 6 months ended June 30, 2012, HighMount reported noncash ceiling test impairment charges of $142 million and $170 million after-tax. The ceiling test calculation was based on average 12-month prices of $3.15 per MMBTU for natural gas and $51.59 per barrel of natural gas liquids and $95.67 per barrel of oil. The price and reserve levels remain unchanged through 2012. It is likely that HighMount will incur noncash and after-tax ceiling test impairments ranging from approximately $230 million to $280 million for the remainder of 2012, amounting to $400 million to $450 million for the full year of 2012. HighMount's second quarter production volumes and realized prices, which include the benefit of hedges, are as follows: natural gas production was 10.1 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $3.89 per 1,000 cubic feet; natural gas liquid production was 582,000 barrels at an average realized price of $38.38 per barrel; and oil production was 101,000 barrels at an average realized price of $89.01 per barrel. HighMount has hedges in place as of June 30, 2012, that cover approximately 66% of the remaining projected equivalent 2012 production at $5.49 per Mcfe. At Loews Hotels, net incomes remain flat at $6 million for the second quarter of 2012 compared to the same quarter the previous year. Revenue per available room increased $6.49 to $182.08 for the second quarter of 2012 as compared to the 2011 period. The increase in revenue per available room reflects improving occupancy and average room rates. Holding company cash investments as of June 30, 2012, totaled $3.7 billion, the same amount held at March 31, 2012. We received $173 million in interest and dividends from our subsidiaries, and paid $25 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the second quarter of 2012. We also provided $43 million to Loews Hotels for the acquisition of its Hollywood property and bought back 1.3 million shares of Loews' common stock for $51 million. And now, I'll turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Peter. Jackie, at this time, I would like to open up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: You guys have spoiled me over the years with a very good long-term record and how your partnerships have generated excess returns. So I'm not questioning that. But just looking at the year-to-date -- your investment income at the parent is negative $6 million. And that's in a stock market that's up 8% through the first 6 months and a bond market that was very strong. Is it fair to say that maybe your position for rates to go higher or was there something else that generated the subpar returns year-to-date?
James S. Tisch: I would just say, it was more about not being in the strong sectors of the stock market. We didn't really have any significant bets in fixed income. And part of the problem is that cash earned were pretty close to 0, so you don't get any benefit from -- to your income statement for having cash. So this was all about just being in the wrong sectors in the stock market.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I think you've made some public comments about the relative lack of attractiveness of bonds, and bonds have rallied. So I'm just surmising that maybe you have more of a negative bet towards fixed income than you traditionally had? Or is that not factored into the partnership or parent income at all?
James S. Tisch: We are -- first of all, we are not short in the bond market, but the partnerships that we've invested in the quarter, as you saw at CNA, were down. And the market for -- even though -- first of all, I think as of June, the market was not up very much -- at the end of June, as of July 1. And I think that the problem is the market is pretty directionless. And so it's been difficult, I think, for all participants in the equity markets to generate returns.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And any -- it seems like the subsidiaries are doing a lot which suggests that you're not so bearish about the macro environment in total. But the parent is not doing much either on your own stock or elsewhere. So where are you on the global economy? Things are fine or are you concerned?
James S. Tisch: I'm very concerned. And in fact, I find it actually quite extraordinary that we find ourselves with attractive investment opportunities at the subsidiary level in view of just how poorly, I think, the U.S. economy and the global economy is doing. I think that's driven by the fact that each one of our individual businesses has been able to find attractive bolt-on acquisitions that we hope will generate very attractive returns for us. But in the United States, we've got 1.5% economic growth. The Eurozone is not growing. The emerging markets are not emerging as fast as they had been before. And nobody -- you don't see anybody really expressing optimism about what's going on in the economy either here in the United States or overseas. So for a whole host of reasons, I don't see growth picking up any time soon. But having said that, I'm very pleased with the opportunities that we're seeing in our individual businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Adelman with Morgan Stanley.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of things. First, do you think that the moderate pace of parent company share repurchases over the last several quarters played a part in, or contributed to, the credit rating upgrade of Loews?
James S. Tisch: No, I don't think so. I think this is a long time coming. They have rated us A2. Just for a little perspective, we have $700 million of debt and we have $3.7 billion of cash and investments. So our cash and investments covers our debt by a factor of 5x. I do not know what we need to do to get an upgrade from here. But it just seems that the metrics for an upgrade on Loews debt is crazy, and this one was long overdue. But again, I think of Loews as a AA-rated company.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Secondly, can you give us a sense of the status of the drilling program on the newly acquired HighMount properties? How much -- how long has it been going on? What are the early learnings? And how did they -- how are they relative to the expectations by this point?
James S. Tisch: So we've just started in the past several months, in the Mississippian lime. It took some time because permitting work and disposal well drilling that we had to do. And I'm hopeful that in the next quarter, we'll be able to report some preliminary results that we're seeing there, as well as possibly report on how we're doing in the Wolfcamp zone, so we're drilling in the Permian Basin in our Sonora properties.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick question on the hotels, maybe for Pete. Were there large or material one-off costs associated with the acquisition during the quarter? Because I'm just curious, revenue's up $5 million, operating income is basically flat.
Peter W. Keegan: No. There were not material costs related to that. There were some, but they weren't material.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So why isn't -- and again, it's obviously not your biggest business, but why isn't that division, overall, demonstrating operating leverage?
Peter W. Keegan: Well, they are showing some improvement, but the rounding, you lose it at the moment. But going forward, I hope to see some more improvement.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Baker with Barclays.
Andrew Baker: Jim, just a question. You mentioned earlier, again talking about your confidence in the rebound of natural gas prices over time, as you go to increased utilization there. Obviously, the forward curve always -- just had been consistently wrong in the short term, obviously. In the long term, things have yet to play out. I'm just wondering, are there ways you can position yourself or investments you can make now based on valuations in the market with gas down where it is, such that you'd be positioned not just to, sort of, have HighMount to return to the levels that we're looking at when it was first acquired, but also to benefit from getting it at the low levels as well.
James S. Tisch: So first of all, gas is actually been staging a pretty significant rally. The 12-month strip in the past 4 or 5 months is up about, I think, $0.90 -- hold on 1 second. The strip is up to $3.56, whereas in April, it was about $1 lower. So there has been a significant rally in gas prices already. Spike gas prices, last I looked, about just under $3.20 an Mcf. Just as a reminder, that's the equivalent to about $19 a barrel of oil. So even though gas has had a significant rally, it is still very, very cheap relative to oil. And at the $3.20 level, it's still at a price where, for most people drilling for natural gas -- for dry gas, it is generally uneconomic to drill at these prices. So we've seen the rig count -- the natural gas rig count in the past year or so virtually cut in half as people are laying down natural gas rigs. I think that the rally in natural gas has already started, but it still has a ways to go. And I think, as I've said before on these calls, I think that the steady state equilibrium price for natural gas in the United States is probably somewhere between $4 and $4.50 an Mcf. We have, at HighMount, we've been looking to diversify our portfolio. We have plenty of gas in the ground that can be produced at higher natural gas prices. And so we've been -- we have acquired, last year, properties that we think are rich in oil. And our drilling programs have been focused on drilling for oil and natural gas liquids. And so we are moving to diversify HighMount away from just being focused on natural gas.
Operator: Thank you. That was our final question. And I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mary for any closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Jackie, and thank you, all, for your continued interest. A replay will be available in our website, loews.com, in approximately 2 hours. And that concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas -  James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Andrew Baker Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc., Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Paula, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to welcome you to Loews Corporation's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of our earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com. In the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Keegan. Following prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results received by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they were made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the corporation's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimers, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. Now I will turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today to discuss Loews' first quarter results. Overall, our first quarter financial results were solid. As you know by now, we reported earnings per share of $0.92 for the quarter, which matched the $0.92 per share that Loews earned in the first quarter of 2011. Our book value per share at quarter end was $48.96 a share, a 3.4% increase over our book value per share at year end. Underlying these financial results are the actions being taken by each of our subsidiaries to set value-creating strategies and to achieve operational excellence. Let's take a closer look at each of our subsidiaries beginning with CNA. Under Tom Motamed, CNA continues to improve its core P&C operations, which included specialty insurance and commercial insurance businesses. The CNA team is executing strategies to achieve the dual goals of growth and underwriting profitability. Adjusting for the sale of its 50% stake in First Insurance Company of Hawaii during the fourth quarter of 2011, CNA achieved growth in net premiums written in its P&C operations of 5%. This strong growth came from 3 main factors: strong retention of existing business; healthy rate increases on retained business; and attractive new business in targeted areas. By way of example, during the first quarter, CNA specialty and CNA commercial increased rates by 3% and 5%, respectively, with certain sub-lines of business showing much stronger rate achievement. Additionally, the ratio of new to lost business is 1.4:1. What this means is that CNA's underwriting and marketing efforts are gaining traction. CNA's 68.8% first quarter loss ratio before the impact of catastrophes in prior year development was essentially in line with the prior-year quarter. The company's objective is to reduce its loss ratio materially from here. Rate increases, combined with improved underwriting discipline, are the keys to achieving this objective. Finally, CNA took a major step in March when it reached agreement to acquire Hardy Underwriting for $227 million. Hardy is a specialized Lloyd underwriter with a respected market reputation and a long history of disciplined underwriting. The proposed acquisition will provide CNA with a key platform for international growth. Hardy shareholders approved this transaction last Thursday, and it's expected to close by the end of the second quarter. Turning to Diamond Offshore in the offshore drilling market. Diamond had a good first quarter, despite net income being down 26% year-over-year. Diamond's quarterly earnings can vary meaningfully, as a result of such factors as survey downtime, rigs coming off contract and the cost associated with moving rigs from one locale to another. As we've discussed previously, Diamond continues its program of fleet renewal and has 3 ultra-deepwater drillships and one moored semisubmersible rig under construction. Two of the drillships are already contracted to begin working for Anadarko Petroleum at attractive day rates. The other 2 units are currently being marketed and should be able to benefit from the prevailing robust day rate environment. These 4 units are in addition to the 2 ultra-deepwater semis that Diamond purchased out of bankruptcy in early '09 and the 4 semis that were upgraded to ultra-deepwater status since '02. We're encouraged about Diamond's market position and the future of the offshore drilling business. Turning to Boardwalk Pipeline. During this past quarter, Boardwalk purchased from Loews for $285 million the 80% equity interest in Boardwalk HP Storage that Loews had acquired to support Boardwalk's purchase of those storage assets in December. As we previously said, our intention was always to drop down our 80% stake when it made financial sense for Boardwalk to purchase it. This transaction worked just as planned and ultimately benefited both Boardwalk and Loews shareholders. Boardwalk continues to pursue projects like Boardwalk HP Storage that leverage Boardwalk's core assets, diversify its services and geographic footprint and generate growth. HP Storage is a great example of that strategy in action. Another example is the Eagle Ford expansion project. Boardwalk announced in February that it had executed a long-term fee-based gathering and processing agreement with Statoil and Talisman for approximately half of the processing plants capacity. Boardwalk's construction of the gathering lines and processing plants are continuing on schedule. We don't typically spend much time on these calls discussing Loews Hotels, but hopefully, that will change in the quarters and the years ahead. Paul Whetsell, who joined Loews Hotels as President and CEO in January, has hit the ground running. Paul and the Loews Hotels team are sharpening their focus on growing in key urban and resort markets while, at the same time, improving the performance and profitability of our existing properties. Renovations are either underway or imminent at several of our current hotels, and growth opportunities are being continually reviewed. As with all of our subsidiaries, our goal at Loews Hotels is to create long-term value for all Loews' shareholders. Finally, let me turn to HighMount E&P. Quite simply, low natural gas prices make life difficult for HighMount, as the company is predominantly a producer of natural gas. Last Friday, the Henry Hub spot price for natural gas settled at $2.06 per Mcf, the equivalent of oil selling for less than $12.50 a barrel. The good news is that HighMount is not standing still. Instead, it is responding to this unprecedented environment by taking a number of steps, including materially scaling back dry gas development activity in the Permian Basin, focusing development in the Permian Basin on gas-rich wells with high liquid yield and oil potential, specifically in the Wolfcamp strata, and also acquiring and developing a core position in the Mississippian line that we believe will be profitable -- a profitable oil development opportunity for HighMount. HighMount is in the early stages of scaling up its efforts to produce more oil and liquids, so current production is still dominated by dry gas, but were encouraged by management's efforts to pursue projects that have the prospect of generating higher returns in the current environment. HighMount recorded a non-cash ceiling test impairment charge of $28 million after taxes in the first quarter related to its carrying value of natural gas and oil properties. This non-cash accounting charge was a result of declines in natural gas prices. If prices remain unchanged through 2012 and holding all other assumptions constant, HighMount will incur non-cash after-tax ceiling test impairments that could range from approximately $400 million to $450 million for the full year of 2012, inclusive of the first quarter impairment. As you know, ceiling test impairment charges are mandated by GAAP, not because gas is no longer in the ground, but simply because the accounting rules require us to value all of our reserves at current prices. Before I turn the call over to Pete, I want to take a few moments to comment on natural gas in the face of today's historically low prices. When putting today's natural gas price environment into context, I'd like to remind myself of what I call the second rule of economics, which is what has to happen, happens. Currently, gas prices are unsustainably low due to the combination of an extraordinarily warm winter and the over production of shale gas. It is simply not economically viable today to drill a well for dry gas at a $2 per Mcf price. Like it or not, with natural gas prices this low, gas production will slow down and demand will increase. Eventually, we will arrive at an equilibrium price of natural gas, which I estimate to be at about $4.50 per Mcf, which is the BTU equivalent of $27 per barrel of oil, still a veritable bargain. At that $4.50 price, the United States can and will dramatically increase its production of natural gas. And at that price, there will still be an enormous incentive for consumption of natural gas to increase significantly. In fact, this is already happening. Diesel fuel consumers are currently making the capital investments necessary to switch to natural gas, often with a 2-year payback on their investments. Not only will truckers and railroads convert to natural gas, but HighMount too is seriously analyzing the option of converting its drilling operation in the oil patch to natural gas from diesel. Due to improvements in frac-ing technology, which have unlocked enormous amounts of gas shale hydrocarbon, the United States has a virtually unlimited supply of natural gas. This new abundant source of energy can, and will, in the next decade transform our economy. With supply assured and prices low, natural gas consumption will certainly continue to increase. Power generation, transportation, industrial production and L&G exports from the U.S. should all combine to material enhance -- materially enhance gas demand. So while the U.S. may be in for a few more years of unnaturally low gas prices, I'm of the belief that over the medium to long term, the most fundamental precept of economics, which is that relative prices drive demand, will result in higher natural gas prices and a more favorable pricing environment for HighMount. Now back to the business at hand, let me turn the call over to Pete for more details on the first quarter.
Peter W. Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Loews Corporation today reported net income of $367 million or $0.92 per share for the first quarter of 2012 as compared to $379 million or $0.92 per share in the first quarter of 2011. The slight decrease in the first quarter was due to lower earnings at HighMount and Diamond Offshore. These decreases were offset partially by higher earnings at CNA and increased investment income at the holding company. CNA's contribution to Loews' net income for the first quarter was $226 million as compared to $199 million in 2011. The increase was due to lower catastrophe losses in increased investment income, especially in limited partnership results. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the first quarter 2012 was $87 million compared to $117 million in the prior-year quarter. Results for the first quarter were impacted by lower utilization, including planned downtime, the impact of lower day rates from contract rollovers on 5 rigs and higher rig downtime for mobilization, prepping and stacking. Additionally, there were higher contract drilling expenses reflecting the higher costs of operating rigs internationally rather than domestically. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to net income for the first quarter increased to $35 million from $33 million in the prior-year quarter. The increase in net income was partially the result of the acquisition of HP Storage and lower interest expense, which was modestly offset by the continuing decline in natural gas prices and lower throughput primarily from mild winter weather. As Jim mentioned, HighMount recorded a net loss of $22 million for the first quarter of 2012 compared to net income of $19 million in the first quarter 2011. The lower results were due to a non-cash cost center ceiling test impairment charge of $28 million after taxes related to the carrying value of its natural gas and oil properties, as well as decreased sales volumes stemming from a reduction in drilling activity and declines in natural gas prices. HighMount's production volumes and realized prices in the first quarter are as follows: Natural gas production was 10.3 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $4.22 per 1,000 cubic feet; natural gas liquids production was 633,000 barrels at an average realized price of $39.79 per barrel; and oil production was 81,000 barrels at an average price of $95 per barrel. HighMount has hedges in place as of March 31, 2012, that cover approximately 51% of projected equivalent production. Natural gas hedges totaled 22.9 billion cubic feet at $5.30 per MMBTU. Natural gas liquid hedges total 1,848,000 [ph] barrels at $37.33 per barrel, and crude oil hedges total 198,000 barrels at $102.59 per barrel. At Loews Hotels, net income increased $2 million for the first quarter of 2012, primarily due to equity earnings in joint venture properties as compared to the 2011 period. Revenues per available room increased $3.24 to $155.31 for the first quarter of 2012 as compared to the 2011 period. The increase in revenue per available room reflects improving occupancy and average room rates. Holding company cash investments as of March 31, 2012, totaled $3.7 billion as compared to $3.3 billion at December 31, 2011. We received $170 million in interest and dividends from our subsidiaries and paid $25 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the first quarter of 2012. Additionally, we received $285 million from Boardwalk Pipeline from the sale of our 80% interest in HP Storage. We also bought back 2,500 shares of Loews common stock for $96,000.  I'll now turn the call back over to the Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Pete, and thank you, Jim. Paula, we're ready for our Q&A session of the call. Could you please give participants instructions for asking questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Is your carrying value for HighMount $2 billion now after the write-down?
James S. Tisch: Pete's looking that up.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Second is booking [ph] question, the -- how do we get from what Boardwalk reports to what you report? The $285 million, which I guess was assumed that they had it for all 3 months on their books, was there any sort of implied interest that goes to Loews? Or is this just that it never happened for the quarter? I'm just wondering how that sidecar earnings went through the numbers.
Peter W. Keegan: We did not pick up any interest from that expense. We just picked up earnings during the period in which we held it.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: But based on their books, they owned it for the whole quarter, I think they said.
Peter W. Keegan: Right, they used purchase accounting, which pushed it back to January 1. And obviously, whatever duplication there is, is illuminated in consolidation.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So how do we get from what they -- just roughly, how do we get from what the earnings they reported...
Peter W. Keegan: You're talking about a very minor adjustment, Bob. Just -- I mean, just take their numbers. It's not a big deal.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. When the hedges run out for HighMount, is it sort of roughly a breakeven operation to you on a reported basis? Or what's the rough earnings power?
James S. Tisch: I'm not exactly sure. Ill have to get back to you on that.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I guess the question is does it make money or lose money is the question.
James S. Tisch: Let me put it to you this way. It does not make sense for us to drill for natural gas at $2 an Mcf. And in fact, we are not drilling in the Permian Basin for dry gas, nor are we drilling anywhere for dry gas. The only drilling that is going on now is looking for wet gas and also oil.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Got you on that. Im just -- for modeling purposes, I just want to know how we think about this unit looking out to next year.
Peter W. Keegan: To answer your question, at the end of the first quarter, HighMount's total assets were $2.8 billion.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I was actually looking for carrying value, which I think is around $2 billion.
Peter W. Keegan: Well, our equity is $2 billion. The equity is $2 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Adelman of Morgan Stanley.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim, are you -- will you make any comment about the pacing of share repurchases looking backwards, over, say, the last 6 months? They've been pretty modest.
James S. Tisch: I'm not -- as you know, I'm not going to comment on that.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, at HighMount, will these non-cash impairments be reversed if natural gas prices were substantially higher?
James S. Tisch: No. But what will happen is the amortization that we will have going forward on gas that's produced will be lower. So in essence, it will come back invisibly into earnings over time as the gas is produced.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Baker of Barclays.
Andrew Baker: Couple of questions, Jim. You were talking about the increase in demand and decrease in supply of natural gas hitting equilibrium. Is that a 2013 event, do you think? Is that earlier, later? How should we think about when that sort of -- should sort of kick in?
James S. Tisch: It's a process that will occur over a number of years. And it's a process, first of all, because in terms of demand for natural gas, it will take time for people to make the capital equipment changes that they need to make in order to be able to consume natural gas in trucks and trains and even in the oil patch. And likewise, for supply of natural gas, my guess is that there is still some small amount of drilling that's going on for dry gas. There are a lot of reasons for that, such as people trying to hold property by production and the like. But over time, if gas prices stay down here, my guess is that a lot of that gas -- a lot of that drilling will stop. We've seen, for example, over the past few weeks a number of producers in the Haynesville say that they are going -- they're laying down their rigs, and they're not going to start to drill for dry gas there again until prices get to somewhere between $4 and $4.50 per Mcf. The Haynesville, going back a year or 2, was one of the most prolific and the most profitable areas to produce natural gas. So we are seeing, in terms of producer plans to drill for dry gas, that they are no longer drilling or they're planning not to drill, and they're going to wait a good long time until prices get back to reasonable levels so they can earn a rate of return on their investment. Now that's different in drilling for wet gas. With wet gas, not only do you get natural gas, dry natural gas, but you also get natural gas liquids. And natural gas liquids, to a large extent, are priced off of oil. So oftentimes, people can drill for wet gas, which can represent 30% or 40% of the BTUs produced, but since the wet gas, propane -- since the wet gas constituents, the liquids, propane, butane, isobutane, natural gasoline and a few others, since those are priced off of oil, then in essence, the producer doesn't really care so much about the price of natural gas because the price of the liquids so dramatically outweighs the value of the natural gas that's being produced.
Andrew Baker: So then given your sort of long-term view in general and your tremendous pool of capital, does it make sense for you to go out there and take dry gas reserves off peoples hands with a 5-year time horizon from those people who may only have a 1-year time horizon?
James S. Tisch: Were always looking, but the problem is that they are not stupid in the market. If you look at the forward price for natural gas in the futures market, that anticipates that -- it anticipates that the recovery is going to come back to natural gas prices over the next 2 or 3 years. So my prediction of $4.50 natural gas prices is not substantially different from the futures market. And the people that are actually selling properties today are able to sell on the basis of the forward price for natural gas, not the spot prices. So to date, we haven't found any veritable bargains.
Andrew Baker: Even though the forward has been proven incorrect so far?
James S. Tisch: That's right. This year is going to be a little different though, I think, because, come the end of October, or even before the end of October, the storage facilities in the United States may be full. And so production will have to decline to meet that end of storage season, and prices will have to decline. But after that, it's unclear what will happen to prices. It's possible that production will have -- goes down enough that prices could start to accelerate meaningfully.
Andrew Baker: And one last question. Given the S&P is back to 1,400 and the interest rates are still low, can you give us your thoughts on how you think about investing the $3.7 billion of corporate cash?
James S. Tisch: Yes, we really haven't changed too much. We have like $500 million or $600 million of equities and a slightly greater amount of limited partnership investment, and then beyond that, were fixed income and treasury bills.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sam Yake of BGB Securities.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering on -- you made some comments about your hotels segment, which is kind of small, and you haven't talked much about it in recent years. I'm just wondering, what are your thoughts on potentially creating like a REIT structure, kind of like what you did with Boardwalk and then creating a vehicle for the hotel business?
James S. Tisch: Right now, we don't have any plans for that. Right now, we are interested in growing our hotel business in what we would call an asset-like manner. And we understand that to do that may require bridge financing from Loews similar to the bridge financing that we've provided to Boardwalk for their acquisition earlier this year. But we are looking at a number of different opportunities, and we're hopeful that over the coming years, that our hotel business can grow.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned you have $3.7 billion of holding company cash. What's kind of like the minimum amount you'd want to have?
James S. Tisch: We have -- well, first, we have $3.7 billion of holding company cash and investments. And historically, that cash balance has not gone below $1.5 billion or $2 billion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: On the hotel business, are you talking about or looking into doing management and/or franchising out the brand?
James S. Tisch: We are not looking to franchise the brand. We have historically done hotel management. We have a number of hotels under management, and we're looking to continue doing that, as well as take equity investments in hotels.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. And regarding gas, what's the breakeven for drilling for shale-related gas?
James S. Tisch: You mean dry gas?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: For dry gas. Is that...
James S. Tisch: Well, the -- I mentioned, for example, the Haynesville that producers are saying that they're not going to start drilling again until they get to $4 to $4.50 natural gas prices. That's just one particular area. But it's -- some shales are a bit higher, some shales are a bit lower, but that's approximately where a producer can earn a reasonable rate of return on his investment. Now a lot will be driven by the cost of drilling services and tracking services, and that can be move dramatically over time, so when I say $4 to $4.50, we're really talking about a moving target.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: That's what I was trying to get to a little bit more. And regarding the share repurchase, can you mention whether you had any blackout periods during the last couple of quarters?
James S. Tisch: No. No, I'm not going to mention whether we had any blackout periods.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mary Skafidas for any closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Great. Thank you, Paula, and thank you all for your continued interest. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately 2 hours. That concludes the call for today.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Skafidas -  James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Management David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Michael Bunyaner Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kelly, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Loews Fourth Quarter 2011 and Year End Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn the conference over to Mary Skafidas, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mary Skafidas: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning, everyone. I'm Mary Skafidas, the Head of Investor Relations for Loews, and I'd like to welcome you all to the Loews Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year End 2011 Earnings Call [ph]. A copy of our earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, we have our Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch; and Chief Financial Officer, Pete Keegan. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call may include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimers, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch. Jim?
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Mary, and welcome to the Loews Corporation and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss Loews' fourth quarter and year-end results. I'll cover a few key highlights for the year, and then turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our CFO, to review our results in more detail.  As you know by now, net income for the full year 2011 was $2.63 per share, as compared to $3.07 in the prior year. While net income was down year-over-year, it left positive developments of several of our key subsidiaries. But before I discuss our individual businesses, let's take a moment to focus on the strategic management of Loews.  As I said before, we focus on 3 basic strategic principles, all with the goal of building long-term shareholder value. First, we constantly focus on making opportune investments and acquisitions that position us for future growth. This past year, Loews did not make any acquisitions at the holding company level. However, we did facilitate significant investments with at 2 of our subsidiaries, Boardwalk and HighMount, that should serve to greatly enhance long-term value of those companies and ultimately, Loews. Our second basic principle is to create long-term value -- our second basic principle to create long-term value is to effectively manage and allocate Loews' capital. In that regard, in 2011, we spent $718 million buying back 18.2 million shares of Loews' common stock, an investment which we think significantly enhances value for all Loews' shareholders. And third, we constantly work to enhance our subsidiaries' operating performance and capital structure. In 2011, Loews and our subsidiaries continue to weather the economic storm, while positioning ourselves for the future. Our subsidiaries made great progress in meeting the strategic imperative they set to make their business and operations stronger and better able to compete in any economic climate. I'm very pleased with the progress that each of our subsidiaries is making. With respect to our subsidiaries, let's first take a look at CNA. The company continues to work towards its main strategic goals of improving the market position and profitability of the core team sea [ph] operation. CNA is focusing on underwriting and pricing discipline, seeking growth while continuing to build its balance sheet. Let me share 4 points that underscore CNA's success.  First, CNA's positive rate increases, solid business retention and strong new business have all resulted in premium growth across the P&C businesses. Second, 2011 was the fifth consecutive year of favorable prior year P&C loss development to CNA.  Third, CNA's book value per common share increased to $42.92 at year-end 2011, which reflects continued improvement in CNA's capital position. And lastly, CNA continued its efforts to simplify, strengthen and focus its organization. In that regard, CNA sold its 50% ownership interest in First Insurance Company of Hawaii in August and acquired in June the minority shares of CNA Surety that it did not previously own. Turning to Diamond Offshore. Diamond continues to improve the capabilities of its fleet while maintaining its focus on prudent capital allocation. Diamond recently announced its plans to construct a deepwater semi-submersible rig, mainly Ocean Onyx, that is scheduled to be delivered in the third quarter of 2013. Diamond anticipates that there is significant demand from operators for new deepwater units and this rig should be ideally suited to meet that demand.  Diamond will construct the Ocean Onyx, utilizing an existing hull of a cold stacked unit, which should allow the rig to be built and placed into service in approximately half the time and at half the cost of current new build. Longtime Diamond watchers may be saying that they've seen this movie before. I'd say I like the ending.  The new rig, along with the 3 ultra-deepwater drill ships under construction in Korea, will be another step in accomplishing Diamond's goals of renewing and upgrading its fleet. Over the last 5 years, Diamond has ordered, built or purchased 8 units capable of operating in deep- or ultra-deepwater. Shifting our focus to Boardwalk. The company is in full-growth mode. It is pursuing its strategy to look for projects that leverage Boardwalk's core asset and diversifies its services and geographic footprint. In the past few months, the Boardwalk management team has made significant progress on these fronts.  Just today, the company announced an outstanding news and major projects in the liquids-rich Eagle Ford shale. Boardwalk will be building 55 miles of the gathering pipeline and the natural gas liquids processing plant. Long-term fee-based agreements are already in place with anchored tenants, Statoil and Talisman, for half of the processing plant's capacity. Boardwalk is in discussions with other producers for the remaining capacity. As Stan Horton reviewed on the Boardwalk call earlier today, our Boardwalk has approximately $875 million of growth in acquisition opportunities, which include the Eagle Ford Shale project, the Marcellus gas gathering project and the recent acquisition of the Petal and Hattiesburg storage and pipeline assets, now called HP Storage. As you may recall, HP storage was acquired through a joint venture with an affiliate of the Loews-owned general partner. Boardwalk owns 20% of the joint venture and may acquire the remaining 80% from Loews. Let's now shift to HighMount and the Natural Gas market. We remain optimistic about natural gas prices over the long term. But for the past 6 months, HighMount has taken steps to diversify its business. HighMount has acquired acreage believed to be rich in oil and natural gas liquids, which currently offers dramatically better economics for drilling and natural gas.  Consistent with this strategy, in the third quarter, HighMount purchased a working interest in approximately 70,000 net acres of land in the Oklahoma, that we believe to contain oil-rich liquids. HighMount plans to begin drilling this month. In addition, HighMount is pursuing drilling programs in the Sonora field directed at geologic zones that the company anticipates will produce a higher mix of oil and liquid. Finally, let's turn to Loews Hotels. I'd like to welcome Paul Whetsell, who has recently joined us as the new President and CEO of Loews Hotels. With more than 35 years of experience in the Hotel industry, Paul's understanding of the hospitality business is a great asset to Loews Hotels. In 1987, he founded the CapStar Hotel Company, which became one of the industry's largest hotel owners, with over 110 hotels and $3 billion in assets. Most recently, he served as a member of the Board of Directors of Virgin Hotels, providing strategic guidance for its operations and property-acquisition activity. Paul will look to grow Loews Hotels in an asset-like manner, while building on our successful formula of operating unique properties with exceptional service. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Pete Keegan.
Peter W. Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning. Loews today reported net income of $268 million or $0.67 per share for the fourth quarter 2011 as compared to $466 million or $1.12 per share in the fourth quarter of 2010. The decrease in the fourth quarter was primarily due to lower investment income from limited partnership results of CNA and the increase to insurance reserves for CNA's payout annuity business. The fourth quarter also reflects lower earnings of Diamond Offshore. Loews' net income for the full year was $1.1 billion or $2.63 per share compared to $1.3 billion or $3.07 per share in 2010. Book value per share for Loews increased to $47.49 at December 31, 2011, as compared to $44.51 at December 31, 2010, approximately a 7% increase. CNA's contribution to Loews' net income for the fourth quarter was $192 million as compared to $297 million in 2010 and $569 million for the full year of 2011 compared to $609 million for the prior year. The decrease was due to lower investment income from limited partnership results of $57 million and $104 million increase in insurance reserves through its payout annuity business.  As discussed in the CNA call, the underlying core P&C business continued to show improvement in underwriting profitably and growth. CNA also continues its discipline reserving practices. In the fourth quarter, the P&C business benefited from $250 million of pre-tax favorable prior year loss development. CNA has had 20 consecutive quarters of favorable prior year reserve development. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the fourth quarter of 2011 was $88 million compared to $113 million in the prior year quarter and $451 million for the full year 2011 as compared to $446 million from the year before. Results for the fourth quarter were impacted by a higher number of planned downtime days for scheduled maintenance, survey, mobilization and upgrades, while the full year results benefited from historically low unanticipated equipment downtime. Boardwalk Pipeline's net income for the fourth quarter decreased to $21 million from $34 million in the prior-year quarter and $77 million for the full year in 2011 compared to $114 million from the prior year. The decrease is primarily attributable to one-time items in both 2011 and 2010. Absent those items, the quarter was basically flat year-over-year. Boardwalk recently raised $217 million in an equity offering. HighMount's net income for the fourth quarter decreased to $12 million from $21 million in the prior year quarter and $62 million for the full year in 2011 compared to $77 million from the prior year. Results are primarily due to decreased sales volumes stemming from a reduction in HighMount's drilling activity and declines in natural gas prices.  HighMount's production volumes and realized prices in the fourth quarter are as follows: Natural gas production was $10.7 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $5.71 per 1,000 cubic feet; natural gas liquids production was 656,000 barrels at an average realized price of $39.36 per barrel; and oil production was 72,000 barrels at an average price of $88.74 per barrel.  HighMount has hedges in place for about 52% of its total production for 2012 at an average price of $5.79, and has hedges in place for about 16% of its total production for 2013 at an average price of $5.44. During the fourth quarter, HighMount refinanced its outstanding debt, which included a $400 million capital contribution from Loews.  Loews Hotels had improved results for the quarter and year. Net income increased to $5 million for the fourth quarter in 2011 from breakeven in the prior year. For the full year in 2011, net income rose to $13 million as compared to $1 million for 2010. The improved results were due to the improvement of business in leisure travel with particularly strong results for Loews at the Miami Beach and Orlando Hotels.  Holding company cash and investments as of December 31, 2011, totaled $3.3 billion as compared to $4 billion at September 30, 2011. In the fourth quarter, we made capital contributions of $400 million to HighMount for the refinancing of its term loans and $106 million to fund the acquisition of working interest in oil and gas properties.  In addition, we invested $285 million for an 80% equity ownership in a joint venture with Boardwalk Pipeline. We received $159 million in interest and dividends from our subsidiaries and paid $25 million in cash dividends to our shareholders during the fourth quarter of 2011. We also repurchased 800,000 shares of our common stock for $28 million. As of December 31, 2011, there were 396.6 million shares of Loews common stock outstanding.  And that concludes my remarks, and I'll now turn the call back over to Mary.
Mary Skafidas: Thanks, Pete. Kelly, we're ready for our question-and-answer session now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman - Capital Returns Management: I had a CNA-related question. CNA management regularly comments in the context of capital management and potential capital management activities that an important factor in their sort of menu of choices is the float of CNA stock? And I was -- what I'd like to know is from the Loews perspective. Obviously. As the dominant shareholder, does Loews care about the float of CNA?
James S. Tisch: If CNA went public, I think that Loews shareholders would demand that it be public. And being in public offers a lot of benefits to CNA. And so we actually like the fact that it's public. It gives us a barometer on how CNA is doing and it helps all Loews shareholders to value CNA as well. Beyond that, whether the float is 10% or 5% or 20%, I don't think it's worthwhile for me to comment.
Operator: The next question comes from David Adelman of Morgan Stanley.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim and Pete, well, first, were there any dynamics that limited at all the window of opportunity for Loews to buy back its common stock during the fourth quarter?
James S. Tisch: I'm not going to answer that question because I don't want to -- first of all, if there were, then maybe there were some corporate activity. And if there weren't, it just doesn't make any sense for us to go down that road and talk about the things that may or may not have prevented us from buying in shares.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Can you comment, in general, about the -- what you see in terms of the opportunity for the holding company to make acquisitions in the present environment?
James S. Tisch: Yes. I think, and I felt this way for a few years now, that the acquisitions in this environment are very difficult for a few reasons. Number one, because the future is really not clear. I don't have a clear view of whether the economy is going to grow at 2%, 4% or 0%. And there still are an enormous number of uncertainties that those of us that manage businesses have to deal with day in and day out. That's number one. And number two, there really aren't a lot of property or assets that are for sale at prices that I think would be attractive for Loews shareholders. So we are happy to continue to own our businesses. We're happy to repurchase shares and we're happy to have significant amounts of cash on our balance sheet. So we don't feel any strong urge or itch to go out and do a big deal.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could, Pete, 2 specific financial questions, if you have it handy. I was curious if you had what the general partner dividend payment to work from -- at the Boardwalk General Partner for the full year? And then also with the refinancing and capital contribution you mentioned at HighMount, what the year-end debt level was at that division?
Peter W. Keegan: HighMount redid its -- basically, its term debt and brought it down from $1.1 billion to $700 million. The total term debt available is $850 million. So the term debt of HighMount is $700 million. I don't have the exact GP dividends, but we can get back to you with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: A couple of quick questions, numbers of questions in HighMount and then some more subset in the questions about the fundamentals there. What are your carrying values at year-end for it, with the increased divestments? Were there any write-downs at all?
Peter W. Keegan: No. There were no write-downs in the fourth quarter of either ceiling test impairments or goodwill.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. So the carrying value just goes up by the 2 new investments in?
Peter W. Keegan: Effectively, yes.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Which -- it may total -- give me the numbers again. You were going quickly, I didn't get them down.
Peter W. Keegan: Well, for HighMount?
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right.
Peter W. Keegan: Yes. We put in $106 million -- we contributed $106 million for acquisitions, and we put in $400 million in capital that was the offset to the debt going from $1.1 billion to $700 million.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So $506 million is what the carrying value goes out by?
Peter W. Keegan: That's the amount we put in. That's correct.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And then Jim, you seemed like pretty excited -- more excited about that business in commenting about trends and with the gas prices having come down quite a bit. And you and I debated in the last few years -- over the last few years, what has to happen to have the infrastructure in this country change and whether it requires the government or the free market to work. But there doesn't seem to be much progress over this time. What has to happen for -- beyond the -- obviously, the prices going up? What has to happen to move demand up in this country for gas?
James S. Tisch: First, back to economics 101. The thing is going to move demand up as price is going down, our price is going up. Price going up is really appreciated by us. But in order for demand to increase, price needs to be down. Gas price -- spot gas price is now about $2.50 in Mcf. That's the equivalent to about $15 per barrel of oil. Oil is currently trading -- West Texas Intermediate is trading at $97 a barrel and Brent Crude, which has really become the international marker, is at $115 a barrel. So gas is very, very cheap. And what we've seen is that we've had a number of years now where gas has traded under 30% of the price of oil. And what I what that is doing, I believe, is that it is getting people to think about changing from oil to natural gas. I spoke to somebody just this weekend, who told me that he spent a few hundred thousand dollars in his commercial building in New York City, switching from heating oil to natural gas. So all manner of projects to put natural gas, either compressed or LNG, into service stations so that trucks and delivery vehicles and private passenger automobiles can consume natural gas. We're going to have closure of a relatively large number of coal-fired power plants that will then be replaced by natural gas. So there's no doubt in my mind that natural gas consumption will increase rather significantly over the next 4 or 5 years. Combined with that, there will also be, in the next several years, as LNG export facilities that will be able to -- each facility will be able to handle about 1.5% of daily natural gas production. So -- and that will be read by the market as additional demand for natural gas. So in my mind, there's a lot of things that will increase natural gas demand. The only problem is that since virtually all of these things require significant capital expenditures, it will take some time in order for that to be realized. But my belief is it will come online and in the past several years, we've seen natural gas consumption grow dramatically faster than oil consumption in the United States, and I think that's going to continue.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So am I right in -- I mean, we have your actions of putting $500 million into this business and we have your words and your opening remarks would seem to suggest that you're pumped up about this segment, what potential returns can be over the next 3 to 5 years. Is that a fair characterization?
James S. Tisch: Somewhat, yes. We're also -- the $100 million that we invested in land acquisitions in Oklahoma is primarily in the oil. And we like very much the economics of that drilling program. As I mentioned on the last call, we spent about $100 million for land. And if we find the oil that we anticipate that we will find there, and will mobilize and do that right now. If we find that oil, there could be in excess of $1 billion of drilling activity to get that oil out, and we see attractive returns on that investment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Bunyaner, TLF Capital.
Michael Bunyaner: Would you be kind enough to comment on CNA? If one looks at premium to surplus, especially in light of the post-agreement with National Indemnity, we are very much over capitalized at CNA and clearly, they're beginning to increase their dividends, which is terrific. But nonetheless, the question is does that -- why not to make -- why not to begin to address the over capitalization a little bit more aggressively and/or use CNA to make investments on a more permanent basis in larger companies rather than using Loews balance sheet to do that. Have you ever thought or considered doing that?
James S. Tisch: Well, the premium to surplus ratio is a good quick indicator of the capacity of an insurance company. But this stage, you really have a look as much, if not more, to the rating agencies and their dicta concerning the levels that insurance companies can operate out in terms of revenues that they can write. In that regard, CNA is -- you're right, very, very strong in terms of capital rating -- has ratings that would ordinarily make it, I think, a AA- rated insurance company. CNA, under Tom Motamed has a very significant growth plans. We're anticipating price increases this year and we're also looking to expand our market share volumes. So hopefully, over the next several years, we'll see that the -- what looks like excess surplus at CNA will be used and in essence, consumed supporting increased written premiums.
Michael Bunyaner: I had just one follow-up on the CNA. So the investment that has been made over the last 2 years-plus in the infrastructure and the sales force, that is really what we're betting on here. Is that correct?
James S. Tisch: That's correct.
Michael Bunyaner: And the next question on HighMount. You clearly have addressed them, again, congratulations for all the hard work to unlock shareholder value by having public entities in various of your businesses. HighMount has been a long-term investment, so I have 2 questions. One, what should take place or what type of an environment should we experience for a period of time that HighMount becomes a public company? Have you thought of that?
James S. Tisch: We really haven't. We've been focused on growing HighMount's business, expanding it into -- and diversifying it into oil and natural gas liquids, and putting in place a steady stream of production of those liquids. And that's still going to take some more time for us to fully diversify HighMount's production. So we're not thinking about what do we need to do in order to take this company public. That's just not on our radar screen.
Michael Bunyaner: And one last question on the fundamentals of gas. You remain to be very positive about long-term outlook and we finally started to see the gas rig count to decline. Is there anything in the marketplace that tells you that the covenants that various companies have there, that have been very aggressive in drilling and have a lot of debt, that we may actually get to a place where there will be forced shutdown anytime soon? Or is it just not where we are at the moment?
James S. Tisch: I haven't seen anything specific, but my instinct and my bones tell me that there are a significant number of independent gas E&P companies that are going to have a lot of trouble. The -- with gas trading at $3.5 or $4, the industry was going to operate at minus $25 billion cash flow. I mean, they were going to have to raise $25 billion outside sources. And now spot gas prices at $2.50 and hedges running off for E&P companies, I think there -- in some boardrooms, there's concern that's moving to fear that's going to move to panic. And I think that the decline in rigs is just one symptom of that. Now we'll have to see how this all plays out over the next 6 months to a year, but it looks like we are going to end the heating season with record amounts of natural gas that's going to put some pressure on natural gas prices. We're also seeing the time spreads increasing because people think that natural gas will go up in the future, which is, to some extent, benefiting Boardwalk Pipeline. I think though that it's going to take some time for the -- measured in a number of quarters for natural gas to really hit bottom and start to move up. And I think that as that happens, they will be more discipline on the part of gas E&P companies so that they won't be so -- go out with such reckless abandon in terms of the drilling program.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: I guess some more HighMount. Could you give us some idea of when you first bought HighMount, what you thought it would be worth long term, long term might have been as much as 20 years? And to what extent that number might have changed considering us going out, considering that frac-ing is unleashing lots of reserves, although I guess, they were just produced?
James S. Tisch: A good question, Mike. When we bought HighMount, natural gas prices were about $7.5 to $7.75 in Mcf. And in the first year, it went through -- it just about doubled to about $15 per Mcf. And now gas prices have declined, I guess, 80% or so to under $3 an Mcf. Nobody is making money at these levels. And my guess is that even though HighMount isn't public, that obviously, the value of our investment is lower today than it was when we made the investment. We did not anticipate the tremendous impact that frac-ing would have on the supply of natural gas. And likewise, I don't think that anybody really fully understood what that impact would be. Having said that, what's happened since then is that the cost of looking for natural gas, just as the price of rigs and other services has come down, but nonetheless, at $2.50 or $3 an Mcf, virtually, nobody can look for natural gas or dry gas and be profitable doing it. So my fearless forecast is that natural gas prices will go up over the coming quarters and years, and reach a equilibrium price that will still probably be lower than when we originally got into HighMount. Having said that, I am optimistic about HighMount's future. I'm optimistic about the investment opportunities that we have there, and believe that we will be able to earn good rates of return on our investment in it.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Good. Switching to hotels. You mentioned asset, like I think, most of the hotels you currently own, you're talking about doing franchising or managing hotels or some combination?
James S. Tisch: No. We're not thinking of franchising per se. We are in the ownership and management business, and we think that we should be able to increase the number of hotels that we have by putting some equity money in, but having partners in ownership. And likewise, we are also going to be looking to increase the number of just hotels that we have under management.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Sam Yake, BGB Securities.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc., Research Division: I'm wondering, when you evaluate potential investments for Loews, do you apply a pretty strict test of evaluating -- of measuring those potential investments against buying back more Loews stock?
James S. Tisch: Absolutely, positively. When we buy a business that we don't know, there's a lot of uncertainty to it. And the thing that we happen to know best is Loews, and because 3 of our subsidiaries are public, we have a very good sense of what those businesses are worth. So when we buy back our shares, we don't have to pay a premium. We're able to buy it market price. Then when we buy another company, typically, you have to pay a premium to the market price. So all of that and more figures into the calculus that we go through when we think about buying a new business versus buying in our own shares.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. It just seems to me that where the stock has been trading recently, there's very few potential investments that could come close to meeting that test. And I guess, when you mentioned that you had to scale back your stock repurchase in the fourth quarter, I'm wondering, have you thought about -- could you possibly institute like a 10b5-1 plan so you could get around many restrictions?
James S. Tisch: I didn't say we have to scale back our share repurchases. What I said is that I'm not going to comment about our share repurchases. And I'll just say that our lawyers here are aware of the current state-of-the-art in technology in share repurchases, and we consider all of that when we do buy our shares.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I have one kind of one last big picture question. And that is, when I look back at the history of Loews, and you've been so successful over a long period of time, and you had that -- the creative transaction where you spun off boulevard [ph] in that -- a tax-efficient way that benefited shareholders. I'm wondering, what kind of factors do you look at when you think about potentially doing that type of deal again with one of your subsidiaries?
James S. Tisch: The thing that we keep talking about is how we are focused on creating long-term value for all of our shareholders. That really is what drives us every day in what we do. And there are -- we try not to have any bias in our analysis of opportunities. We just try to look for the transactions that will create the most value for all our shareholders. And we find that as we start to explore and get knowledgeable about different transactions, we tend to figure out what really is the best way to execute them in order to create that value. So it's just a long process of a lot of hard work, study and diligence.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn the call back to Mary Skafidas for any closing remarks.
Mary Skafidas: Thanks, Kelly, and thank you all for your continued interest. A replay of this call is going to be available in approximately 2 hours. This concludes our call for today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Darren Daugherty -  James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA
Analysts: David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning are Chief Executive Officer Jim Tisch and Chief Financial Officer Peter Keegan. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures.  I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Darren, and good morning, and thanks for joining us on our call today. Loews reported net income of $162 million for this year's third quarter compared to $36 million for the third quarter of 2010. Results for the prior year quarter included a $328 million after-tax charge related to CNA's agreement to cede its legacy asbestos and pollution liabilities to a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. Excluding that charge, net income for the quarter decreased by $202 million versus the prior year quarter, primarily from 3 factors: one, decreased limited partnership investment results at CNA; two, lower performance of equity-based investment in the Loews holding company portfolio; and three, higher natural catastrophe losses at CNA. Setting aside these factors, our subsidiaries delivered solid performance in their operations. At CNA, the growth strategies that has been put in place are resulting in continued improvement in the fundamental of its core property and casualty operation. Increased net written premium has marked the third consecutive quarter of topline growth, which was driven by strong new business and high retention. Along with this growth trend, CNA continues to achieve rate improvement, particularly in its commercial segment. Third quarter combined ratios before catastrophes and development improved for both specialty and commercial, while the property and casualty business segment benefited from its 19th consecutive quarter of favorable loss reserve development. CNA remains confident in the overall adequacy of its reserve and will continue to maintain its disciplined reserving practices. Despite the good operating performance in its property and casualty operation, CNA's results were negatively impacted by the performance of its limited partnership investment. LP losses were driven by negative equity market return during the quarter, combined with widening credit spreads and overall capital market volatility. Although CNA's portfolio of limited partnership investment can create earnings volatility, it continues to be an attractive investment strategy for CNA. These holdings have yielded equity-like returns over the years with less volatility and higher absolute returns than in equity portfolio. Given the LP results for the quarter, it might be helpful to review how these LP investments have performed over a longer timeframe by repeating some performance figures that CNA disclosed on its call earlier today. CNA's LP portfolio produced a third quarter return of negative 3.7%, while the S&P 500 total return was negative 13.9%. Over the last 10 years, CNA's LP investments produced an annualized return of approximately 8% compared to a 3% total return for the S&P 500. So as you can see, over the longer term, the hedge fund portfolio has provided good return, especially in light of the prevailing low yield in other asset classes. Turning now to Boardwalk. With Stan Horton on board as CEO for about 2 quarters now, Boardwalk is in full growth mode. Last quarter, Boardwalk enumerated a growth strategy that included expanding its existing pipeline assets to connect to new supplies and markets. Two weeks ago, Boardwalk announced that it has won a joint venture with an affiliate of its general partner, which is owned by Loews. The new JV has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Petal Gas Storage and Hattiesburg Gas Storage from Enterprise Products Partners for $550 million. Petal and Hattiesburg operate 7 high-deliverability salt dome natural gas storage caverns located in Mississippi. These assets are a great addition to Boardwalk's pipeline footprint. The facilities are anchored by a long-term fund agreement, with approximately 80% of the existing customer base being either electric or natural gas utilities. The location and types of storage assets are very desirable, and when combined with existing assets, Boardwalk expects numerous opportunities for synergy and growth.  Loews will contribute $280 million of the joint venture's equity for an 80% ownership interest, and Boardwalk will contribute $70 million for 20% ownership. An additional $200 million will be raised by the JV through a 5-year bank loan. At a later date, if it makes economic sense, Loews' 80% ownership interest can be dropped down to Boardwalk in one or more transactions. Within its field services business, Boardwalk has also announced a new gathering pipeline in the Marcellus shale. This new project is expected to cost approximately $90 million and will be built out over several years. It is anchored by a 15-year fee-based contract with Southwestern Energy. Marcellus is likely to become a very significant supply basin for the United States, and Boardwalk hopes to identify and execute on additional opportunities in the Marcellus area in the future.  Additionally, Boardwalk has received regulatory approval to turn some of its assets in South Texas into a rich gas system in order to transport liquids-rich natural gas out of the Eagle Ford region. The project is expected to be completed by year end, and while Boardwalk has not announced any firm commitment, it is seeing interest from the producer community. Boardwalk's goal over the next several years is to strengthen its position of pipeline business while diversifying its products and services. Boardwalk is working hard to identify organic growth opportunities and other acquisition opportunities that are accretive and do not significantly increase its overall risk profile. Turning now to HighMount. I'd like to give an update on its most recent acquisition. As of today, HighMount has completed the purchase of working interest in oil and gas properties located on approximately 70,000 net acres in Oklahoma. These properties are mostly undeveloped, and HighMount believes that they contain primarily oil and liquids reserves that can be produced through horizontal drilling. The purchase price of $106 million was funded with a capital contribution from Loews. There are a few key points to the investment rationale: First, we believe there is a large upside potential in this oil resource play. HighMount will be able to drill nearly 600 wells which should have favorable single-well economics. Second, the resource opportunity will focus on the Mississippian line and Woodford Shale. The Mississippian line has been reasonably de-risked by development on and surrounding the properties. Third, while we remain bullish on natural gas over the longer term, these properties should help to diversify HighMount's reserves, which consists almost entirely of natural gas and liquids. And fourth, HighMount will control operations over 82% of the leasehold, and the continuous makeup of the acreage creates operational efficiencies. The resource opportunity fits well with HighMount's core technical competencies. While this acquisition is not a game-changer in terms of its magnitude, it is a significant step in HighMount's overall growth strategy. HighMount will continue to look for other value-creating opportunities. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete?
Peter W. Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Loews Corporation reported earnings of $0.40 per share for the third quarter of 2011. Adjusting for the charge associated with CNA's Loss Portfolio Transfer transaction in 2010, earnings for the prior year third quarter would have been $0.87 per share rather than the reported $0.09 per share. This decline in results versus the adjusted number was primarily due to lower results from CNA and lower investment income in the holding company portfolio but was partially offset by higher earnings from Diamond Offshore.  CNA's contribution to Loews' net operating income was $84 million in the third quarter. In the prior year quarter, CNA contributed an operating loss of $140 million, or, when adjusted for the Loss Portfolio Transfer, CNA contributed operating income of $169 million in the prior year quarter. Net operating income in CNA's core property and casualty operations declined primarily because of lower net investment income than higher catastrophe losses.  Net investment income for the 3 months ended September 20, 2011 decreased by $187 million pretax as compared to the same period in 2010, primarily driven by the previously discussed decrease in limited partnership results as well as lower fixed-maturity security income. In the third quarter, CNA reported catastrophe losses of $29 million after tax and noncontrolling interest as compared to $7 million for the same period in 2010. P&C operations produced a third quarter combined ratio of 99.1% versus 98% in the third quarter of 2010. Excluding the impacts of prior year development and catastrophe losses, combined ratios were 101% and 103.7% for the comparable periods. For the quarter, CNA reported realized investment losses of $15 million after tax and noncontrolling interest versus realized investment gains of $37 million in the prior year quarter.  Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the quarter increased to $121 million from $93 million in the prior year quarter, primarily as a result of an increase in contract drilling revenues. Results for the third quarter of 2011 reflect the return to service of 3 of Diamond Offshore's high-specification floaters that were idled during the second quarter of 2010 following the Macondo incident in the Gulf of Mexico. Also, the newest addition to Diamond Offshore's floater fleet, the Ocean Valor, began generating revenue in the fourth quarter of 2010 when it commenced operating under contract in Brazil. Contract drilling expense increased by $41 million and included normal operating cost for the Ocean Valor as well as the increased amortized mobilization costs and higher cost associated with rigs operating internationally rather than domestically. Additionally, Diamond Offshore recognized a pretax gain of $31 million in the third quarter of 2010 related to the sale of the Ocean Shield. Also benefiting Diamond's results for the quarter was a lower effective tax rate as compared with the 2010 period. HighMount's operating income for the quarter decreased to $16 million from $19 million in the prior year quarter due to decreased sales volumes stemming from a reduction in HighMount's drilling activity. Average prices realized per Mcfe were $6.22 in the third quarter of 2011 compared to $5.80 in the 2010 period. Operating expenses increased by $2 million in the third quarter of 2011 as compared to the 2010 period, primarily due to increased DD&A expenses related to negative reserve revisions in December 2010 and projected future development cost. HighMount's production volumes and realized prices in the third quarter are as follows: natural gas production was 11.3 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $5.73 per thousand cubic feet. Natural gas liquids production was 664,000 barrels at an average realized price of $40.57 per barrel. Oil production was 68,000 barrels at an average price of $82.67 per barrel. As of September 30, HighMount had hedges in place that cover approximately 77% and 54% of total estimated 2011 and 2012 natural gas equivalent production at a weighted average price of $6.28 and $5.51 per Mcfe, respectively. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to net income for the quarter decreased to $18 million from $21 million in the prior year quarter. The decrease in net income versus the prior year quarter was primarily due to higher interest expense from a loss in the early extinguishment of debt. Additionally, Boardwalk reported higher operation and maintenance expense related to integrity management and reliability spending. These negative impacts were partially offset by higher gas transportation revenues resulting from increased capacities from the completion of several compression projects in 2010 and operating the Fayetteville Lateral at its designed capacity. Loews Hotels reported breakeven results for the third quarter versus the loss of $2 million in the prior year quarter. Revenue per available room increased to $161.76 from the third quarter from $143.89 in the prior year quarter, reflecting improved occupancy and average room rates. Holding company cash investments as of September 30 totaled $4 billion.  During the quarter, we repurchased 7.5 million shares of common stock for $275 million. We received $154 million in dividends and interest from our subsidiaries, and we paid $25 million of dividends to our shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we have made a capital contribution to HighMount of $106 million, and we also anticipate making an equity contribution of approximately $280 million for an equity ownership interest in the joint venture discussed in the call today.  And now, I'll turn the call back over to Darren.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Pete. Operator, at this time, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: And I want to wish Darren good luck. You're leaving big shoes to fill. I'm glad to know that you're going to be staying in the family. On the Boardwalk transaction, we won't be able to figure out what Loews' earnings are from what Boardwalk's earnings, given that we're going to have this sort of side venture working through the numbers. What sort of transparency are you expecting to provide? And any sense of what the sort of core running earnings rate of what this business might be?
Peter W. Keegan: Well, we haven't decided whether we'll split any of that out. As you indicated, it will be included in our overall Boardwalk results unless we disclose it separately, Bob.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Any sense for just the rough earnings run rate of what this business is? Is it a GAAP earnings contributor? Is it a cash flow business where the GAAP earnings don't have any correlation to, necessarily, to operations?
James S. Tisch: Our internal projections show it has both. It has a reasonably good cash flow for the joint venture or whoever the ultimate owner is. And as well, it should have reasonably similar GAAP results. The other thing that it does is that it provides a very strong anchor for one end of our system -- one end of the Boardwalk system, where electric and gas utilities will find it very advantageous to use that storage, which is high-release storage, so that they can get the gas that they need for -- in the case of utilities, hot days, and in the case of -- electric utilities, hot days, and in the case of gas utilities, very cold days.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Just the fact that you're letting your cash position work after a long period of sort of letting it build suggest that you're feeling better about the world. Or is this just sort of one-off transactions that popped up?
James S. Tisch: Over the years, we've said that we would support our subsidiaries. And right now, what we're finding is that we're able to support them with -- by helping them to finance transactions that should be very accretive to shareholder value not only with the subsidiaries, but also at Loews. So we're very pleased with the Petal and Hattiesburg acquisitions at Boardwalk, and likewise, we're very pleased with the $106 million land acquisition that HighMount is making just today in Oklahoma.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. So it really doesn't have any change in your macro view of the world, then, it sounds like.
James S. Tisch: No, but I think what's happening, though, is that we're finding that we're able to do these transactions. We're finding that there may be somewhat less competition, and we're finding that the prices are more reasonable. So that's why we're willing to step in.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Adelman of Morgan Stanley.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jim, how much of a consideration was it on the Boardwalk transaction that because of where Boardwalk's unit price is that they had to, in effect, rely on Loews? And how might that color your interest going forward in doing subsequent transactions with Boardwalk? Is that a major consideration? Is it irrelevant to you? Is it a concern of yours?
James S. Tisch: It was a significant consideration. Based on the price of Boardwalk's shares when we agreed to the acquisition, the deal did not make a lot of economic sense for Boardwalk, and Loews was willing to bridge that acquisition and wait for the Boardwalk price to go higher, which, in fact, has occurred. And I think the market is now starting to understand that there are very significant things that are taking place at Boardwalk under Stan Horton. There's the recent gathering system that we announced that we're refinancing in the Marcellus shale. There's Petal and Hattiesburg acquisition, and likewise, there's the permission that we got from regulatory authorities to convert some of our pipelines near the Eagle Ford shale into wet gas pipelines from dry gas pipelines. So there's a lot of activity, and my sense is that at some point in time, the market is going to understand that Boardwalk's price has been very cheap relative to what its prospects were.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And the debt that the JV takes on. I assume that that's going to be nonrecourse to Loews, the holding company?
James S. Tisch: That is correct. And ideally, what will happen is -- drop-downs are very common in the MLP space. We would hope and expect that over the coming years, as Boardwalk is able to finance it, we will -- Loews or the JV will sell interest in Petal and Hattiesburg to Boardwalk so that the ultimate goal is that this will be 100% owned by Boardwalk.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then on the HighMount acquisition that was announced today, Jim, can you help us understand sort of the return profile and the general sense that you find attractive in looking at these kinds of properties? What's sort of the base case? How much variability is there around that when you bid?
James S. Tisch: We foresee very attractive, very, very attractive double-digit IRRs from investments in this property. This property cost us $106 million. We think there could be more than 600 drilling sites, and that would mean drilling expenditures over the life of the properties in excess of $1.5 billion. And we see very attractive IRRs on that drilling investment.
David J. Adelman - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, it's not a large operation, but the hotel business. You had good increases in average daily rates. The business more or less appears to be operating at a breakeven level. What needs to occur for that operation in aggregate to become materially more profitable than it is today? Does it need more scale? Do you need more properties? Is it simply a function of average daily rate continuing to go up? Or is there something else?
James S. Tisch: I think it's all of the above. We need to fill out our portfolio in a number of key gateway cities, and we are looking at that. We're looking to do that both through owned properties, through joint venture properties and also through management deals. So we are and have been for the past few quarters and will be for the next several quarters reevaluating our growth strategy and then actually implementing it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Sam Yake of BGB Securities.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 today. One was, I listened to the CNA conference call and read the results. It seems like, like you said, they're really improving their performance. And I'm just wondering, it must be frustrating for you to have owned 90% of it, and you have this 10% amount trading in the public market at what looks to me like an extraordinary discount. And yet, when I had tried to value Loews, everybody seems to value Loews off the public price of CNA. Is there anything you can do to close that gap between the publicly quoted value and what the true value is? I mean, I know there's not many levers you can pull, but what are your thoughts on that?
James S. Tisch: I've tried to, in these calls -- check the transcripts over the past several years, I have tried to talk about how CNA is doing, the strategies that they've been putting in place. And now, I think we're seeing after the past 3 quarters that those strategies are actually starting to gain traction. Beyond that, I'm not going to stand out in front of the office with a sandwich board saying, "Buy CNA stock." Instead, as you can see, Loews has been buying its own stock, and the stock -- the price of Loews stock, I think, reflects the low valuation that CNA is receiving. So that's one of the reasons that gives us so much confidence buying in our own shares.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one other question. When I look at the value of Loews, it seems to me that the tax issue's a pretty important one. And I'm just wondering, I don't think -- you've kind of disclosed your tax basis and your major assets in kind of a general way. But do you disclose anywhere like the specific numbers? And if you don't, is there a reason why you don't do that?
James S. Tisch: We don't do that, and historically, we don't do that. Tax basis is a very simple item when it comes to your own portfolio. When it comes to subsidiaries and other corporate assets, it is phenomenally complicated and takes an enormous amount of effort, and we do not typically adjust the basis. We do not calculate the basis on either a quarterly nor annual basis. And I would say, likewise, I don't think there are any S&P 500 companies that actually do that.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn the call back to Mr. Daugherty for closing remarks.
James S. Tisch: Let me just say something before Darren gets on. Bob Glasspiegel referred to it at the beginning of the call. We think this is Darren's last call on the Loews call. Darren has been here for a number of years and done admirable service. And so as a reward for all the fine work that he's done, he's moving to Houston and has become the Head of IR for Diamond Offshore, where there are a lot more callers in to the quarterly calls. There are a lot more analysts that follow the company, and he's staying dramatically more busy than he's been here at Loews. Take it away, Darren. You'll be among the missed here.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Jim. It's been a wonderful opportunity to be at Loews. And thank you all for joining us on the call today. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, our Chief Executive Officer; and Peter Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question and answer session. Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the companys 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch: Thank you, Darren. Good morning, and thanks for joining us on the call today. In the second quarter, Loews' net income decreased to $252 million from $366 million in 2010. The decline is mainly attributable to 2 factors at CNA. First, there was a lower level of favorable net prior year reserve development than in 2010; and second, CNA posted higher catastrophe losses during the quarter than during the second quarter of 2010. CNA continued to make progress growing and improving the underlying performance of its core property and casualty operations despite the natural catastrophe losses affecting the industry during the second quarter. Net written premiums grew by over 5% in CNA's core P&C operations. Growth in both its specialty and commercial segments was driven by new business and higher retention in targeted industry segments. In P&C operations, rate increased by 1% versus the prior-year quarter. Further expanding its specialty franchise, on June 10, CNA completed the acquisition of the minority shares of CNA Surety, increasing the scale of the company's profitable specialty business. We continue to believe that CNA and its surety business will benefit from the strategic realignment. This quarter, CNA reported favorable net prior-year development of $72 million before tax and noncontrolling interest, the 18th consecutive quarter during which it released reserves. In the prior-year quarter, CNA recorded favorable net prior-year development of $265 million before tax and noncontrolling interest, hence the year-over-year decline. Turning to Diamond Offshore. Diamond's results reflect an increase in average utilization of high-spec floaters versus the prior-year quarter, although this was partially offset by decline in contract drilling revenues from the mid-water and jack up fleets. Results for the quarter benefited from 3 high-spec floaters returning to work after being idle during the second quarter of last year following the Macondo accident. One of these rigs remains in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, while the other 2 were mobilized in international markets. This year, Diamond has ordered 3 new ultra-deepwater drillships that are designed for operations in up to 12,000 feet of water. During the second quarter, Diamond announced that it entered into 5-year charters for the first 2 drillships. These charters are expected to generate combined revenues of approximately $1.8 billion when the rigs begin working in 2013 and 2014. Additionally, Diamond recently announced 10 new contracts that are expected to generate over $1 billion of revenue. And that represents over 14 years of contract drilling backlog. The addition of these new contracts brings total revenue backlog, as of July 21, to over $8.6 billion and extending through 2019. At Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, the company increased revenues over the prior-year period, primarily from continued growth from its expansion projects and strength in the power generation and industrial markets. Boardwalk's new CEO, Stan Horton, has now been on board for about 100 days, and we are pleased with the progress that's underway. Earlier today, on the Boardwalk earnings call, Stan enumerated a growth strategy that includes strengthening the company's existing pipeline assets by connecting new supplies and markets to its system. Boardwalk will continue its efforts to diversify further into midstream sector via gathering and processing but would also consider opportunities outside of the traditional natural gas sector that could help diversify its business The goal over the next several years is to strengthen its traditional pipeline business while diversifying its products and services. Boardwalk will look for organic growth and acquisition opportunities that are accretive and that do not significantly increase its overall risk profile. Since going public in '05, Boardwalk has increased its cash distribution each and every quarter. Today, it continued that streak, declaring a distribution of $0.255. Moving on to HighMount E&P. HighMount's net income increased significantly versus the prior-year quarter, although the comparison was relatively easy due to a number of onetime factors related to the sale of assets in the Antrim Shale and the Black Warrior Basin last year. HighMount remains focused on exploring for more liquids-rich resources in its existing leaseholds while working to improve the performance of its base business in the Sonora field. Additionally, HighMount will continue looking for opportunities to grow its asset base organically and through acquisitions. And finally, Loews finished the quarter with holding company cash and investments of $4.3 billion. During the second quarter, we repurchased 5.5 million shares of our common stock for a total cost of approximately $228 million or about $41.89 per share. Year-to-date through July 28, we have repurchased 10.9 million shares for a total cost of $455 million. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete?
Peter W. Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, Loews Corporation's earnings per share declined to $0.62 from $0.87 in the prior-year quarter. The decline was primarily due to lower results from CNA and partially offset by higher earnings from Diamond Offshore. CNA's contribution to Loews' net operating income decreased to $103 million in the second quarter from $247 million in the prior-year quarter. As Jim stated, favorable net prior-year development was $72 million before tax and noncontrolling interest but declined year-over-year compared to favorable net prior-year development of $265 million in the second quarter of 2010. For the quarter, CNA's pretax catastrophe losses increased to $100 million from $48 million for the same period in 2010. Catastrophe losses in 2011 related primarily to domestic storms and the earthquake in Japan. CNA's realized investment gains were unchanged versus the prior year's second quarter, totaling $12 million after tax and noncontrolling interest. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the quarter increased to $125 million from $104 million in the prior-year quarter, primarily as a result of an increase in average utilization of its high specification floaters, partially offset by a decline in contract drilling revenues earned by the remainder of its fleet. Contract drilling expenses increased with the addition of normal operating cost for Diamond's newest rig, the Ocean Valor, as well as increased amortized mobilization costs and higher costs associated with rigs operating internationally rather than domestically. Partially offsetting increased drilling costs were lower income tax expenses. HighMount E&P's operating income for the quarter increased to $15 million from $5 million in the prior-year quarter. The year-over-year comparison includes a number of nonrecurring items related to the sale in 2010 of assets in the Antrim Shale and Black Warrior Basin. HighMount's operating revenues, as well as expenses, decreased versus the prior-year quarter due to the sale of assets. Operating revenues for HighMount's Permian Basin assets increased by $3 million versus last year's second quarter, owing to higher average realized prices despite the decline of production volumes resulted from lower drilling activity. HighMount's production volumes and realized prices in the second quarter are as follows: natural gas production was 11.8 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $5.53 per thousand cubic feet; natural gas liquids production was 671,000 barrels at an average realized price of $39.72 per barrel; and oil production was 82,000 barrels at an average price of $97.28 per barrel. As of June 30, HighMount had hedges in place that cover approximately 76% of total estimated 2011 natural gas equivalent production at an equivalent price of $6.27 per Mcfe, and 53% of estimated 2012 production at an equivalent price of $5.48 per Mcfe. For the quarter, HighMount's interest expense decreased, reflecting the partial repayment of its outstanding term loan with proceeds from asset sales. Additionally, results in the prior year second quarter included higher tax expense that was incurred as result of the write off of deferred taxes in connection with the asset sales. Also as a result of the asset sales in the second quarter of last year, HighMount recorded an after-tax charge of $11 million related to discontinuing hedge accounting and derivative positions. Moving on to Boardwalk Pipeline. Boardwalk's contribution to net income for the quarter decreased to $5 million from $21 million in the prior-year quarter. This decline primarily resulted from a $28 million pretax impairment charge associated with Boardwalk's decision to dispose of a portion of its inventory of large-diameter pipeline supplies. Boardwalk reported higher gas transportation revenues versus the prior-year quarter, stemming from capacity increases from completion of several compression projects in 2010 and operation of the Fayetteville Lateral at its design capacity. This growth was partially offset by a decline in park and loan and storage revenues caused by unfavorable natural gas price spreads. In the second quarter, Loews Hotels reported net income of $6 million versus $4 million in the prior-year quarter. Hotels continued to benefit from ongoing strength at our Orlando properties. In the second quarter, revenue per available room increased to $175.59 from $152.82 in the prior-year quarter. Holding company cash and investments as of June 30 totaled $4.3 billion. During the quarter, we received $158 million in dividends and interest from our subsidiaries, repurchased 228 million of Loews common stock, and we paid $25 million of dividends to our shareholders. On April 15, 2011, Loews repaid at maturity the outstanding principal amount of $175 million to retire the 8.9% debentures. From July 1, 2011 through July 28, we acquired an additional $41 million of our common stock. And now I'll turn the call back over to Darren.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Pete. Operator, at this time, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Your first question comes from David Adelman of Morgan Stanley.
David J. Adelman: Jim, was there any material changes in the composition of the corporate investment portfolio during the quarter?
James S. Tisch: No, not significant. You're talking about the Loews $4.3 billion portfolio?
David J. Adelman: Correct.
James S. Tisch: Is that correct? Yes, there were no significant changes. We have about $500 million or $600 million of equities. We have another $700 million or so of hedge funds. And then, we have the rest primarily in cash and other cash-like instruments.
David J. Adelman: Okay. And then secondly, you've mentioned in the past an interest at HighMount of making additional acquisitions over time. And I'm curious, has there been things for you to look at in the last 3 to 6 months? And then secondly, in an acquisition context, what do you think of HighMount or Loews' edges in that situation other than financial discipline and having obviously the financial resources to make an acquisition. In other words, are there potential synergies with the existing operations? Do you think that you have certain operational advantages from a cost perspective and so on?
James S. Tisch: So yes, HighMount has been kicking a bunch of tires. Nothing has come to fruition yet. But in fact, there is a lot to look at. And the things that we're looking at primarily are buying rights to leases on land for both -- we're looking at gas, gas liquids and oil. And there, in fact, are lots of transactions that take place in the oil patch in these types of acquisitions, and there are plenty of them around. We are looking for transactions that will return for us what I would call significant double-digit after-tax returns. And I would say that we've come close on a few times but still haven't finalized anything. But I think we do have the opportunity to do so. I think that what HighMount brings to the table is a very good, very disciplined approach to finding and developing hydrocarbons under the ground. And combined with that -- combined with having the right people, as you mentioned, we do also have the financial discipline and the wherewithal to make these acquisitions. And my belief is if we can do some of these, it will be -- some of these acquisitions, it will be not only beneficial to HighMount, but also beneficial to Loews, in that we'll be able to invest our cash at very attractive rates of return.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman: Actually, just following up on the last comment and some others. Are you considering that Loews Corporation would invest with HighMount in some of these deals? Or maybe you can explain that. And maybe you can talk generally about the investment idea flow that you may be seeing or may not be seeing, if that's changed...
James S. Tisch: So if HighMount were to come up with some properties to buy, chances are, HighMount would not be able to fully finance it on its own. And therefore, Loews would be prepared to make a capital contribution to HighMount in order to enable them to make that acquisition.
Michael Millman: Can you give us some idea of how much you might -- the range that you might be willing to go?
James S. Tisch: We're not going to make a bet-the-ranch acquisition, but I could see us doing an acquisition for a few hundred million dollars.
Michael Millman: Okay. And the other question was whether you're seeing -- for the type of investment idea flow you're seeing, if any.
James S. Tisch: We're seeing odds and ends but nothing dramatic that really piques our interest or curiosity. There really -- if you look in the newspapers, you see that there really have not been a lot of transactions that has been done. And I'm not exactly sure why that is, but there's really been nothing that's been of much interest to us.
Michael Millman: Maybe just tacking on a question. Did you say on Boardwalk, that they might make acquisitions outside their basic business? Does that suggest anything? Or what does that suggest?
James S. Tisch: So on the Boardwalk call today, Stan Horton did enunciate a policy of looking for MLP-eligible assets that go beyond the interstate natural gas pipeline business. Right now, Boardwalk is primarily interstate natural gas pipeline. And Boardwalk has expanded its look for assets, but we have nothing in mind at this point in time -- nothing in particular in mind at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel: Remind me whether you said you were going to term any more debt out or just stay with the less debt to capital.
James S. Tisch: We have no current plans to issue any more debt at the Loews Corporation level. So we now have $700 million and change in debt at Loews.
Robert Glasspiegel: Do you have a targeted debt to capital ratio that you've articulated?
James S. Tisch: No. But at this rate, it'll be zero eventually.
Robert Glasspiegel: So that sort of implies you don't see anything new. And if you're de-leveraging...
James S. Tisch: Here's the story. We've got $4.3 billion of cash. If we were to borrow, say, 10-year money, it would look, on an absolute basis, very attractive. But then, what you have to do is think about, "Okay, what am I going to do with the cash?" And suppose we were to borrow $1 billion, that $1 billion would be spent after the $4.3 billion that we already have on the balance sheet was spent. So this is the last cash that will be spent. The problem is, suppose we could borrow for say under, say, 4% or so. The problem is we're going to invest the money at about zero. So we've got, on an annual basis, a 450 basis point negative carry. That means that in a year or 2, we could afford for interest rates to have gone up 100 or 150 basis points, and we could still be equally well-off not having issued now versus issuing later. So the problem really is that the negative carry makes it expensive, combined with the fact that we have no use for the money.
Robert Glasspiegel: Well, if we were just going to look at buying $1 of debt back versus buying a share back, it seems like the economic return on buyback would be higher than debt. Now you're going to come back and say you're doing all the buyback you want to do or...
James S. Tisch: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay, yes. I'm talking about -- you're right, I'm talking about issuance. You're talking about borrowing money in order to buy back shares?
Robert Glasspiegel: No, no. You spent $1 to buy -- you spent $1 to retire debt, which is a 920 pretax return that you could have spent to buy back stock.
James S. Tisch: The debt we bought back  -- it matured.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. Now I get you. How about borrowing, replacing it to buy back stock, yes?
James S. Tisch: Again, we're not looking to lever up the balance sheet. And like I said, we've got $4.3 billion of cash on the books now. We've purchased -- we've spent over $400 million year-to-date in share repurchases, so we're actually pretty happy with where we are on share repurchases.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. Any changes -- you're still in the long real slow recovery point? Or is it double dip at all in your probabilistic scenario for the next year?
James S. Tisch: My fearless forecast was, and continues to be, for about 2% economic growth, driven in large part because the consumer and the government is so full up on debt. And I don't think that we can have a robust recovery until we start to chip away at those levels of debt.
Robert Glasspiegel: Well, the world sort of caught up with you in expectations to some extent, and some people have passed you by. You're not thinking you're overly optimistic with that growth outlook. And if you did, would that change anything you'd be doing as far as capital spending?
James S. Tisch: Our capital spending is not driven by the economy per se. It's driven by the needs of the individual businesses and the opportunities that we see in the individual businesses. My guess is that if we had 5% growth instead of 2% growth, that, that would translate into more opportunities that we see in the existing businesses. But right now, notwithstanding the 2% growth, we've actually committed to pretty significant capital spending at Diamond Offshore. We're also looking to do that at HighMount with our drilling for hydrocarbon. And Boardwalk Pipelines, they are pursuing opportunities to build out our pipeline system even further. So even with a 2% growth environment, we still have plenty of things to look at.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Sam Yake of BGB Securities.
Sam Yake: I'm kind of new to the Loews story, and I just had a couple of questions that maybe you get all the time, and I'm just wondering if you could give us an update. And my first question is do you ever consider taking a large minority position in publicly traded securities instead of buying out the entire company? And what are your thoughts on that?
James S. Tisch: Generally not. We like to be able to control our own destiny. And more often than not, when you have a large minority stake, what you are is a large majority shareholder. And so that's not particularly high on our list right now.
Sam Yake: Okay. And then could you also give us an update maybe on your thoughts on the cash dividend? It's a relatively small amount now, but I was just wondering what you're thinking about returning cash to shareholders through the cash dividend.
James S. Tisch: So over the years, we've returned an extraordinary amount of cash to shareholders. We do that through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. And more recently, most of that return of cash to shareholders has come through share repurchases. So that in the first half of the year, as I said, we've repurchased -- or in the year-to-date, we've repurchased over $400 million of cash. We have, as I like to say, a long and glorious history of share repurchases. We have less than 1/3 the shares that were outstanding in 1970. And we've done that through what I would call well-timed share repurchases. It's a part of our DNA. We were repurchasing Loews shares long, long, long before repurchases were the corporate vogue. We're not doing it because it's the corporate vogue, but rather because we think that it creates very good long-term value for all our shareholders. I would say that if shareholders are interested in relatively high dividends being paid from Loews common stock, then I would advise them to sell the stock, because that's generally not that you're going to see from Loews.
Sam Yake: Right. One of the things that attracted me to Loews was your long and glorious history of share repurchases, so I'm completely on the same page with you on that.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn back the to Mr. Daugherty for closing remarks.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay will be available on our website, www.loews.com, in approximately 2 hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darren Daugherty -  James Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA Peter Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney David Adelman - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's First Quarter 2010 (sic) [2011] Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, Chief Executive Officer of Loews; and Peter Keegan, Chief Financial Officer of Loews. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question and answer session.  Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the companys 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James Tisch: Thank you, Darren. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on our call today. For the first quarter of 2011, Loews reported net income of $382 million, a decline from net income of $420 million in last year's first quarter. The decline in Loews' earnings resulted primarily from lower average day rates at Diamond Offshore and a decline in earnings at CNA. We started off 2011 with a relatively quiet first quarter, but rest assured, all of our subsidiaries are working hard towards achieving their long term strategic goals.  While CNA reported solid results, net income for the quarter declined modestly versus the same period in 2010. CNA's core property and casualty operations performed well, posting higher operating income for the quarter. An increase in catastrophe losses was more than offset by higher investment income and improved underwriting results before catastrophes. CNA continues to improve the financial performance of its core property and casualty operations, while seeking to grow in its focus areas. The work that has been done over the past 2 years is gaining traction is evidenced by net written premium growth of 13% in CNA's Specialty segment in the first quarter, while rate was essentially flat. In its Commercial segment, CNA gained 2 points of rate as it continued to push for improved pricing and risk selection. CNA has now achieved rate increases for 6 consecutive quarters in its Commercial segment even as it works to exit lower tier, less profitable business. By now, you have probably seen the announcement of CNA's definitive merger agreement with CNA Surety. This transaction offers compelling benefits for both companies. It will allow the minority shareholders of CNA Surety to monetize their investment at a substantial premium to their historical stock price, and for CNA, it's an opportunity to expand further its Specialty franchise. CNA expects the transaction to be completed by the end of June.  In summary, we are very pleased with CNA's results. We believe that the improvements underway over the past several quarters are taking hold and that CNA is well positioned to continue making progress on improving its financial and operational results.  Moving on to Diamond Offshore. Diamond's income for the quarter decreased as compared to 2010, primarily due to lower revenues from the decline in average day rates and lower utilization rates for jack ups. However, oil prices have improved since the beginning of 2011 and water markets around the world appear to be stable to improving. In the ultra-deepwater markets, there is an upward trend in day rates with indications of strong interest from the major and national oil companies. The deepwater market shows signs of a positive trend, with market strength developing, while the mid-water market is relatively flat. Diamond's exposure to the mid-water sport [ph] market is somewhat mitigated by the fact that roughly half of its mid-water fleet is working in Brazil under long-term contracts. So even though earnings at Diamond have come down from deepwater, results nonetheless represent a pretty good quarter.  Turning now to Boardwalk Pipeline partners. Today it was announced that Stan Horton has been named President of Boardwalk GP, LLC effective today, and later this month, he will assume the additional role of Chief Executive Officer. Stan's background includes 10 years as President and COO of Cheniere Energy and a gaggle of leadership positions at several intrastate pipeline companies. Most recently, he was the President of CrossCountry Energy and Panhandle Energy. He has also served as CEO of Enron Transportation Services Company. We are very pleased to have a leader of Stan's caliber and experience taking over at Boardwalk.  We'd like to thank Rolf Gafvert for his 18 years of service and leadership at Boardwalk and its predecessor company, including more than 4 years as Chief Executive Officer. We wish him well as he steps down from his responsibilities as CEO.  And finally, Loews finished the first quarter of 2011 with $4.6 billion of cash and investments. So far this year, from January 1 of 2011 through April 29, we have repurchased 6.4 million shares of Loews' common stock for a total cost of approximately $273 million or approximately $42.42 per share. But who's counting?  And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete?
Peter Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Loews reported first quarter earnings of $0.92 per share versus $0.99 per share in the prior year first quarter. CNA's contribution to Loews' first quarter net operating income declined to $190 million from $206 million in the prior year quarter. Results were impacted by increased interest expense from use of debt to fund part of the preferred stock redemption, as well as from costs associated with early retirement of senior notes. CNA also experienced modestly higher catastrophe losses, which were partially offset by a $30 million increase in net investment income primarily from limited partnership investments. Favorable net prior year development for the quarter was flat at $35 million as compared to the prior year quarter.  In the first quarter of 2011, realized investment gains from CNA declined to $12 million from $19 million after-tax and noncontrolling interests. In February 2011, CNA completed a $400 million debt offering and used the proceeds to prepay senior notes due in August. CNA's next major maturity is not until 2014. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the quarter declined to $117 million from $136 million in the first quarter of 2010, primarily due to a decline in day rates earned across Diamond's fleet of rigs and a decline in utilization for Diamond's jack up rigs.  Diamond Offshore continues to feel the impact from regulatory uncertainty in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico in the post Macondo environment and has relocated rigs to capitalize on stronger demand in international markets. These factors were partially offset by a decrease in income tax expense.  The decrease in Diamond Offshore's effective tax rate versus the prior year quarter resulted from differences in Diamond's mix of pretax earnings and losses in various international and domestic tax jurisdictions and a tax law change. HighMount reported net income of $19 million for the first quarter versus $32 million in the prior year quarter.  HighMount's operating revenues and expenses decreased primarily due to the sale in 2010 of its assets in Michigan and Alabama. As prices for natural gas have remained low, the drilling program for the Permian Basin has been reduced since mid 2010 and resulted in HighMount's equivalent sales volume decreasing to 15.5 billion cubic feet equivalent from 16.6 billion cubic feet equivalent in the prior year quarter.  As of March 31, HighMount had hedges in place that cover approximately 72% of its estimated 2011 natural gas equivalent production at an equivalent price of $6.31 per Mcfe, and 40% of estimated 2012 production at an equivalent price of $5.64 per Mcfe. For the first quarter 2011, HighMount's production volumes and realized prices are as follows: Natural gas production was 11.6 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $6.41 per 1,000 cubic feet. Natural gas liquids production was 703,000 barrels at an average realized price of $38.79 per barrel. And oil production was 61,000 barrels at an average price of $87.28 per barrel.  Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to net income for the quarter decreased to $33 million from $38 million in the prior year quarter. Results in 2011 were impacted by higher interest expense primarily from a loss recognized on the early repayment of debt and costs incurred to repair a compressor station damaged by a fire. These impacts were partially offset by higher gas transportation revenues from expansion projects completed in 2010.  In the first quarter, Loews Hotels reported higher net income of $2 million versus a net loss of $1 million in the prior year quarter, with the improvement primarily driven by the Orlando properties. Revenue per available room increased to $152 from $145 in the prior year first quarter. Occupancy for the quarter increased to 67.6% from 65.3%, and average room rates increased to $225 from $221.  Holding company cash and investments as of March 31, totaled $4.6 billion. During the quarter, we received $155 million in dividends and interest from our subsidiaries, we purchased 4.4 million shares of Loews common stock for $187 million and we paid $26 million of dividends to our shareholders. On April 15, 2011, Loews repaid the outstanding principal amount of $175 million to retire the 8.9% debentures at maturity.  From April 1, through April 29, we purchased an additional 2 million shares of Loews common stock for an aggregate cost of $86 million. And now I'll turn the call back over to Darren. Darren?
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Pete. Operator, at this time, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from David Adelman of Morgan Stanley.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Pete, you might have said it or maybe I missed it, the total dividends to the holding company during the quarter from the subsidiaries was what?
Peter Keegan: It was $155 million.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: $155 million, okay. And then, Jim, can you comment on the relative attraction of the acquisition environment, the things that you're seeing broadly and then perhaps in natural gas and specifics?
James Tisch: So broadly, what we're seeing is that the world has changed dramatically over the past 20 or 30 years. I mean, that's not a revolutionary statement. But it's one that I've really noticed. 20 and 30 years ago, there weren't a lot of LBO firms around, there were not too many conglomerates. And so when something became available for sale, it was relatively easy to step in and buy it, or even if something didn't become available for sale, it was, again, relatively easy to buy a business. Today, as soon as a business decides it want to sell itself for whatever reason, unless they go to Warren Buffett, they go to an investment banker and there's an auction. And so there are lots of bidders with lots of sharp pencils and analysts who know how to work Excel, and the prices paid are usually very, very high. And so what we're seeing now is the pencils are yet even sharper and the prices paid seem to be yet even higher. In large part, I would imagine, because private equity firms have a lot of cash that they want to invest and there's not an awful lot that's for sale. So right now, as you might imagine, we don't see a lot of opportunity in the buy a company world. In terms of investments for our individual businesses, we are seeing opportunity. First of all, there's CNA that is spending a few hundred million dollars to buy in the minority interest in CNA Surety. At Diamond Offshore, we've got investment opportunities on the order of $1 billion in buying 2 new drill ships and we have a fill an option to buy a fold [ph] that expires later this month. And likewise, we'll see at HighMount lots of, what I would call bite-sized investment opportunity, not companies as much as they are properties either producing or nonproducing that are for sale that could possibly be attractive acquisitions for HighMount. So I'd sum up by saying that there isn't we haven't yet found anything for Loews Corp. to do, but having said that, we're seeing plenty of opportunities for our subsidiaries.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: [indiscernible] pockets, I was kind of wondering if there's too much energy, too much concentration in those pockets. And so maybe you can talk about that. And maybe also, what changes you'd expect the new CEO to bring to Boardwalk?
James Tisch: So in terms of our specifying pockets and our energy investments, what we are looking for is total return for shareholders. And right now, those opportunities happen to be in the energy area. So we're happy to take on those investments where we feel we can earn a significant return for not only the subsidiaries but also for Loews as a shareholder in those subsidiaries. In terms of the management change at Boardwalk, as we said, Rolf Gafvert has been with Boardwalk and its predecessor for 18 years. He had expressed to us, about 9 months ago or so, a desire to retire at some point in the future. We had an extensive search process and Stan Horton quickly bubbled to the top of that search process. When we first got into the natural gas pipeline business in '03, Stan Horton was, as best I could tell and recollect, a legend in the industry, having run many of the Enron pipelines and put together and managed their, I would say, enviable position in the pipeline business. So if you'll remember, it was the pipeline business that was really the the very strong, positive cash flow generating business for Enron. And Stan stayed on for a few years after Enron blew up and then went on to other things in the pipeline business. And so when his name came forth through our search process, I was very interested. And I think that Stan would be a great leader for Boardwalk. I think that he obviously has the experience in the business. He knows people in the business, customers and other pipeline operators. He has a strong understanding of MLPs and value creation. And so we're just very positive. We're happy that he's coming to Boardwalk and positive about Boardwalk's prospects under his leadership.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So it sounds like suggesting that he should produce very well, but not necessarily any specific things you see or that we're, on the outside, going to see in the next year or 2?
James Tisch: That's right. There is nothing in specific but in general, I'm very positive about his leadership.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: This question may suggest otherwise, but I have a lot of respect that you know the Gas business much better than I do. But it's been 4 years since we've taken our first step into creating HighMount and there's been a decent amount of write-off of goodwill and gas prices haven't done much in the context of pretty favorable environment for oil. What has to happen for your investment to pay off from a macro point of view? Does it require the U.S. to change the infrastructure to allow more things to run on gas? You seem to be very positive about doing more of this, so clearly, you're seeing something that maybe the rest of the world isn't seeing.
James Tisch: Well, you're actually very generous in your question. You could have said, "Jim, you bought HighMount when natural gas prices were $8 an Mcf. You looked like a hero for a year as they went to $14 and now you're a bum because they're $4." So thank you for not saying that. What happened very simply is that something happened in the gas business that we never expected, which was that all of a sudden, technology changed and gas, which had been thought to be a scarce commodity, all of a sudden became a principal commodity. Now having said that, we've taken our lump [ph] for getting in at $8 and the price now being at $4, and with the price at $4, we're seeing opportunities. First of all, we're seeing some opportunities in gas, but we're also seeing opportunities in liquids. And when I talk about liquids, I'm talking about not only crude oil, but also wet gas, which includes a whole slate of natural gas liquids, a number of which trade at prices relative to oil, rather than prices relative to natural gas and as I said, we're seeing lots of opportunities in this natural gas area and also the liquids areas. And as I said before, we're seeing that in bite sized pieces. So I'm hopeful that we will be able to take advantage of some of those opportunities. What's going on what I think is going on in the natural gas business is that natural gas trades at, what I would call, a crazy, ridiculous price relative to oil. Gas trades at about a ratio of 25:1 to oil, notwithstanding the fact that gas should trade on a BTU basis at 6:1. So gas is trading at about 25% to 30% per BTU of what oil trades at. So gas is a very, very cheap energy commodity. And I strongly believe the statement in economics that goes, what has to happen happens. And I think that we are going to see significant increases in gas consumption just outright, but also relative to oil consumption. I think oil consumption in the United States peaked in '06 and '07 and has been flat to declining ever since and natural gas consumption has been increasing, and I think that will continue. I think we'll see continued use of natural gas as a fuel for power plants. And I think we'll see more natural gas vehicles. It is just so cheap that I think consumption will continue to increase and I think that over the longer term, gas and liquids investments in the United States should be very attractive.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Very thoughtful answer. Just a quick follow up, do you -- are you with Boone Pickens that's it's going to take government action to unlock that value?
James Tisch: No.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Or the private market can make it happen on its own?
James Tisch: The private market can make it happen. If the government gets involved, it might happen 3 weeks sooner. But beyond that, I think it's going to happen because the economics are just so compelling.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll now turn the call back to Darren Daugherty for closing remarks
Darren Daugherty: That concludes today's call. A replay will be available on our website in approximately 2 hours.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darren Daugherty -  James Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA Peter Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Michael Shinnick Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Unknown Speaker Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney David Adelman - Morgan Stanley Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, Chief Executive Officer of Loews; and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. Following our prepared remarks this morning, we will have a question-and-answer session.  Before we begin, however, I will remind you that this conference call might include statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer, which is included in the companys 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC. During the call today, we might also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures.  I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James Tisch: Thank you, Darren. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on our call today.  Results for the quarter and the full year reflect growth at Boardwalk Pipeline, steady performance at CNA and some ongoing challenges facing Diamond Offshore, HighMount E&P and Loews Hotels.  CNA reported good results for the fourth quarter benefiting from increased investment income and favorable prior-year development in its core property and casualty operations. CNA has reported favorable prior-year reserve development for 16 consecutive quarters. CNA's results for both the quarter and the full year demonstrate a strong P&C underwriting and the progress it has made on its profit-improvement strategy. CNA's underwriting discipline is demonstrated by five consecutive quarters of rate increases in the Commercial segment as well as continued strength of the Specialty segment. CNA finished the year with a strong balance sheet and with a book value per share increasing by 13% during 2010. During the fourth quarter, however, CNA's book value per share decreased by 5%, reflecting declines in CNA's net unrealized gains position, primarily as the result of higher interest rates. I'm sure that most everyone understand the impact of interest rates on fixed income portfolio. Nonetheless, I want to reiterate that in the future, interest rates in the U.S. could and probably will rise. And if this occurs, CNA, along with most P&C insurance companies, would likely see a negative impact on the market value of their fixed income investment portfolios, which would in turn negatively impact GAAP book value. But there is a silver lining to a higher interest rate environment: CNA will have the ability to invest its significant cash flows into higher-yielding securities. CNA finished the year with a strong capital position, which allowed it in the fourth quarter to redeem the remaining $500 million of the $1.25 billion of preferred stock that was purchased by Loews in November of '08. Additionally, given its strong capital position and solid insurance operations, CNA today announced the initiation of a $0.10 per share quarterly dividend. This action will deliver cash to CNA shareholders, including roughly $24 million to Loews in dividends in the first quarter of this year. Turning to the offshore drilling industry. During the first quarter, Diamond Offshore announced that it entered into a contract with Hyundai Heavy Industries to build two ultra-deepwater drillships. They are scheduled for delivery in 2013.  These dynamically positioned drillships are designed to operate in up to 12,000 feet of water. The total cost per rig including commissioning, spares and project management is expected to be approximately $590 million. Two or three years ago, these ships would've cost more than $750 million. To enhance its ultra-deepwater capabilities at attractive capital costs, over the last four years, Diamond has purchased, ordered or upgraded seven rigs capable of operating in ultra-deepwaters up to 10,000 feet. Upon completion of these latest two drillships, Diamond will have 16 deepwater and ultra-deepwater rigs in its fleet.  Diamond's results for the quarter and the full year were negatively impacted by the U.S. Gulf of Mexico drilling moratorium. Although the moratorium was technically lifted in October, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management has issued what I call a permatorium [ph]. It is issuing very few drilling permits, so in effect, the U.S. Gulf of Mexico remains under a de facto drilling ban for the foreseeable future, especially for new deepwater oil wells. Our orders for new drillships, however, demonstrate Diamond's confidence in the strength of the international deepwater markets in the years ahead. Moving to our natural gas E&P business. I'd like to take a moment to review the top three initiatives that HighMount will be focusing on in 2011. Since we initially formed our HighMount subsidiary in 2007, gas prices have been lower than we originally hoped or forecast. We remain optimistic, however, about natural gas over the long term. But where we sit today is with an abundant domestic gas supply and prices well under $5 per Mcf.  Given this pricing environment, HighMount's first initiative is to optimize its base business, which is located in the Sonora field in the Permian Basin in Texas. HighMount's second initiative is to utilize technology to exploit organic growth opportunities in the Sonora field. These technologies include increased use of horizontal drilling and 3D seismic to identify development opportunities. HighMount will continue to apply its expertise with unconventional reservoirs to identify new opportunities within the Sonora field. And the third initiative for HighMount in 2011 is to grow and diversify its portfolio through acquisitions. The focus would be on adding liquids to the mix, both wet gas and oil, which should offer better economics given their strong pricing relative to dry gas. Additionally, HighMount will look for opportunities to take advantage of industry cyclicality by acquiring hydrocarbon assets at attractive prices. At the holding company level, our cash and investments as of December 31, 2010, stood at $4.6 billion or more than $11 per Loews share. During the fourth quarter of 2010 through January of this year, we bought 2.7 million shares of Loews common stock for a total cost of $104 million. And during all of 2010 through January of this year, we bought 11.9 million shares or 2.8% of our outstanding common stock for a total cost of $442 million. And finally in the next few weeks, a blog written by yours truly will appear on the Loews website. The blog will give me a chance to sound off on a panoply of issues, mostly related to Loews. Stay tuned for posts on current events, taxes, frac-ing, accounting and whatever else may cross my mind. Comments and criticisms will always be welcome, and I look forward to a lively interaction with members of the extended Loews Corp. community.  And now, I'll turn the call over to Peter Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete?
Peter Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. For the fourth quarter, Loews' net income increased to $466 million from $403 million in the prior year quarter. For the full year, Loews' net income increased to $1.3 billion from $564 million in 2009.  Full year results include a few one-time charges. 2010 results include a charge of $328 million after tax and non-controlling interests related to CNA's Loss Portfolio Transfer agreement with National Indemnity Company. And results for 2009 include an impairment charge of $660 million after tax related to the carrying value of HighMount's natural gas and oil properties. For the quarter, Loews' reported net investment losses of $22 million after tax and non-controlling interests as compared to net investment gains of $46 million after tax and non-controlling interests in last year's fourth quarter.  Negatively impacting the quarter were increased losses at CNA and sales of securities resulting from continued management of portfolio risk. Net investment gains in the fourth quarter of 2009 included a $217 million gain from the sale of CNA's common stock holdings in Verisk Analytics. For the full year, net investment gains were $27 million after tax and non-controlling interests compared to net investment losses of $503 million in 2009. Net investment gains in 2010 were driven by improvements in capital markets and included OTTI losses of $136 million versus OTTI losses in 2009 of $791 million, primarily consisting of residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities in CNA's investment portfolio.  For the fourth quarter, CNA's contribution to Loews' operating income improved to $297 million from $182 million in the prior-year quarter. The improvement was primarily driven by increased favorable net prior-year development. Additionally, investment income increased primarily from higher limited partnership income and an investment shift during 2010 from lower-yielding, short-term and tax-exempt securities to higher-yielding, taxable, fixed-maturity securities. For the full year, CNA's contribution to Loews' operating income decreased to $609 million from $904 million in 2009. Excluding the charge associated with the Loss Portfolio Transfer, CNA's contribution to Loews' 2010 operating income increased to $918 million. Operating income increased due to favorable net prior-year development, partially offset by decreased current accident year underwriting results, including higher catastrophe losses. For the fourth quarter, Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income decreased to $113 million from $128 million in the prior-year quarter. For the full year, Diamond's contribution to net income decreased to $446 million from $642 million in 2009. This decrease was primarily related to lower average day rates and utilization, which have been negatively impacted by the reduction in drilling in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico.  HighMount's reported net income of $21 million for the quarter versus $35 million in the prior-year fourth quarter. HighMount's net income for the full year was $77 million.  Net income for 2009 as adjusted, excluding impairment charges of $660 million after tax, was $123 million. The declines for both periods primarily resulted from the sale of non-core assets located in the Antrim Shale in Michigan and the Black Warrior Basin in Alabama during the second quarter of 2010. As a result of the Michigan and Alabama asset sales, a portion of HighMount's interest rate and commodity hedging activities were no longer probable of occurring and hedge accounting was discontinued. This resulted in an after-tax loss during the first half of 2010 of $19 million, which is reported under corporate and other investment gains and losses. In the fourth quarter, HighMount's total production in the Permian Basin increased slightly to 17.5 billion cubic feet equivalent from 17.4 Bcfe in the prior-year fourth quarter. However, the average realized price decreased to $6.12 per Mcfe from $7.09 per Mcfe for the same period.  Production details for the fourth quarter of 2010 are as follows: Natural gas production of 12.4 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $5.93 per 1,000 cubic feet; natural gas liquids production of 777,000 barrels at an average realized price of $35.84 per barrel; and oil production of 66,000 barrels at an average price of $80.05 per barrel. As of December 31, HighMount had hedges in place that cover approximately 75.1% of its estimated 2011 natural gas equivalent production at an equivalent price of $6.35 per Mcfe and 37.4% of estimated 2012 production at an equivalent price of $5.65 per Mcfe. As of December 31, 2010, HighMount owned 1.3 trillion cubic feet equivalent of net proved reserves, of which 78% were classified as proved developed. Boardwalk's contribution to Loews' fourth quarter net income increased to $34 million from $28 million in the prior-year quarter. For the full year, Boardwalk's contribution to net income increased to $114 million from $67 million in 2009. Boardwalk's results for the quarter and the year benefited from increased gas transportation revenues, primarily from pipeline expansion projects.  Distributable cash flow in 2010 increased to $448 million from $314 million in 2009. Boardwalk has declared a cash distribution for the fourth quarter of $0.52 per unit, continuing its track record of increasing cash distributions to unit holders each quarter since its initial public offering in 2005. Loews Hotels results for the quarter were break even versus a loss of $4 million in the prior year. For the full year, net income was $1 million versus a loss of $34 million in 2009.  Results for 2009 included impairment charges of $16 million after tax related to the write-down of Loews Hotels investment in a hotel property and $12 million after tax related to two hotel properties. Average room rates for the quarter increased to $225 from $217 in the prior-year quarter, and occupancy increased to 67% from 62%, resulting in a 13% increase in revenue per available room. For the quarter, net investment income from Loews' trading portfolio increased to $56 million from $16 million in the prior-year fourth quarter. For the full year, investment income was $123 million versus $113 million in 2009. Improvements were primarily from larger invested cash balances and improved performance in the trading portfolio. As of December 31, 2010, holding company cash and investments totaled $4.6 billion. During the year, we received $720 million in interest and dividends from our subsidiaries, $1 billion from the repayment of senior preferred stock by CNA and proceeds of $333 million from the sale of 11.5 million Boardwalk Pipeline common units in February of 2010. During 2010, we repurchased $405 million of our common stock and paid $105 million of dividends to our shareholders.  And now, I'll turn the call back over to Darren.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Pete. Operator, at this time, we'll open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I thought you said that you think that interest rates are going to likely go up. Do you think that's going to be driven by higher inflation or just supply/demand considerations? And is that affecting how you are positioning the portfolio duration-wise?
James Tisch: There are a whole host of reasons why I believe that interest rates are going to go up: Number one is a fear of inflation; number two is just the dynamics in the market because at some point in time, the Feds quantitative easing is going to have to end. And when it does, that will be a $600 billion or $900 billion purchaser of fixed-income securities exiting the market. So for those reasons and a lot of others, at some point in time, it is inevitable that interest rates will go up. We are positioning the CNA portfolio to try to stay as short as we can but also to recognize that we have liabilities that have to be matched. 1/3 of our liabilities reflect a long-term care and other long-term liabilities that we match very close together. That's got about a 10-year duration to it. And then, the rest of the portfolio runs about a five-year duration, and that's reflective of the liabilities or the reserves that CNA has on its books for its bread and butter Property & Casualty business.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I was wondering if you could give us some guidance on how big of acquisition you theoretically consider within the gas area.
James Tisch: I don't know the exact size that we would look for. The thing that I know and believe is that in the course of the next few years, there will be plenty of opportunities to acquire gas and liquid properties. And I believe that with the right management, there will be good opportunities to earn very good rates of return on funds invested in the business. And we are ready, willing, able to make the commitment of those funds. But I don't want to give you a size for what we're looking at. Obviously, we're not looking to do a $10 billion transaction. So beyond that, I can't really state what we're looking to do.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I think HighMount was originally $4 billion in total. I mean, could you do something that big? I mean, you just certainly have the cash available if you did want to.
James Tisch: Id prefer not to get into a game of narrowing down the size.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: We got the breadbasket lower than $10 billion, though, you said, right?
James Tisch: A lot lower, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Adelman with Morgan Stanley.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Jim, just as a follow-up to that, would you be willing to use holding company resources, financial resources, to do a transaction? Or would you limit an acquisition at HighMount to what HighMount on its own could finance?
James Tisch: No, we would use Loews Corporation cash.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Secondly, during the quarter, was there any material change in the makeup of the holding company's cash and equivalent holdings? In other words, how youre investing it.
James Tisch: I wouldn't say there were significant changes. I would imagine that our investment in stocks increased because the stock market went up. And likewise, our investment in hedge funds probably increased because they, too, earned a few percentage points during the quarter. But otherwise, there were no real significant changes.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: And then, on Loews Hotels, just out of curiosity, with RevPAR up considerably, why isn't that business unit operating more profitably?
Peter Keegan: Well, it still a slow recovery, David. And keep in mind that what hasn't come booming back yet is the, well I'll call it convention business, but the large business travelers paying high rates and spending more money on hotels. So while the business clearly has passed the bottom and is improving, it's got a ways to go before we start seeing that in the bottom line fully.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Is there such a thing as having too much cash? We know about your asbestos pockets, but maybe even that has some holes in it. And to what extent is your repurchases determined by how much cash you have available?
James Tisch: First of all, is it possible to have too much cash? Yes, I guess so. But I would say that I don't think that we're there. So that's not a problem that I'm worried about. In the past, we have had more cash than we have today. Although at the time, we had more shares. So on a per-share basis, we're probably at the high point. But I still don't feel that we're drowning in cash. And I believe that over the next few quarters and years, we'll have plenty of opportunities to use that cash. At the time that -- by corporate philosophy, we like having a lot of cash on our balance sheet. We understand that it is a drag on return on equity and other statistics. But it's been the cash that's been on the balance sheet that's given us the opportunities to really do value-creating transactions. In a way, it allowed us to invest in CNA and Boardwalk at a time when if the markets would've been open to them, they would've been open at a very, very high price. It gave us the opportunity to buy Texas Gas Transmission in '03 and Gulf South Pipeline in '04. It allowed us to get into the Gas Exploration and Production business in '07. And going back to the 80s and early 90s, it was the cash on the balance sheet that allowed us to jump into the opportunity of buying offshore drilling rigs when nobody else wanted them. So we like to have cash and not have to go to bankers and other financiers when we want to buy what I would call -- make value-creating investment. With respective to our share repurchases, all I will say is that there is a minimum amount of cash that we want to have on the balance sheet that will determine that we won't -- -- if we go below that minimum amount of cash, we would not buy shares. But to the extent that we're above that amount, and we are to today, obviously, then we'll buy shares based on our assessment of whether we think it's attractive value for all of our shareholders.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So in other words, more cash wouldn't necessarily increase your repurchases?
James Tisch: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: I guess just staying on the discussion on capital. Can you sort of just talk about your ownership of CNA? You've had this since 1974. And I'm just wondering, when you look at the returns, do you still sort of intend to hold it long term? Or has to that thought process changed at this time?
James Tisch: We absolutely positively intent to hold it long term. We have been long-term holders of CNA, as generally we are long-term holders of all of our subsidiaries. That's number one. Number two, I believe that we have a terrific management team in place and we have -- not just in terms of the CEO leadership, but also in terms of the entire senior staff. So I think that CNA is really poised for growth. Additionally, we're coming off of three or four or five years of price declines in the insurance industry. And I believe that at some point, hopefully in the not-too-distant future, we're going to see price increases. And in fact, in our commercial insurance line for the past five quarters, we've had price increases. So I think CNA is poised for growth. It trades at a very big discount to its book value. In terms of its financial strength, it has the strength of a company that would be AA rated by some of the rating agencies. So we are very pleased with CNA. We're long-term holders, and I'm looking forward to many years of good earnings from the company.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Steve Spencer [ph], private investor.
Unknown Speaker: Could you please comment on the announcement this morning from Ensco and Pride petroleum please?
James Tisch: Apparently, this morning Ensco announced that it was going to buy Pride using a combination of cash and stock. And according to the release that I saw, they will now become the second largest offshore drilling rig operator in the world. I've been involved in this industry for over 20 years, and I've seen lots of mergers and conglomerations. And this is the one industry where I can very firmly say that if you are at least of a minimum size, that you can compete with the biggest rig owners out there. And for sure, Diamond Offshore qualifies as having enough scale in order to be able to compete. When you look at the release, it says they anticipate about $50 million of savings by putting the two companies together. Now on the one hand, $50 million is a lot of money, but on the other hand, in the context of the size and scope of the transaction, I think it's about a $7.5 billion transaction, the notion that you're getting $50 million of synergies makes it plain that the reason for the transaction was not to gain those synergies. I have no doubt that Diamond Offshore can easily compete just as we have no trouble competing against Transocean and the other large offshore drilling operators.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Shinnick with Wasatch.
Michael Shinnick: My question relates to capital allocation as well. Some of the earlier comments and question kind of presume doing something else in the energy sector. Could you comment in terms of you think Loews' circle of competence, what other industry groups you might be open to in terms of purchasing a stake in private or public company?
James Tisch: I can't give you any specific industries per se. What I can do is tell you what I think that we bring to the party when we acquire a company. When we acquire a business, we look at the business from a very neutral perspective. We look at it from the perspective of the only thing we're looking to do is to maximize of the value of that business over the intermediate to long term. We think carefully about strategy and the strategy that the management of the acquired company sets out for their business. We challenge them on that strategy. And then we're closely involved in the allocation of capital and the capital spending and the investment within the business. And we like to think that, that discipline look at strategy and capital allocation yields results for all the shareholders that are beneficial over the long term. I think that was felt, for example, in the Offshore Drilling business, where we're constantly leaning against the wind. When others are out buying rigs, we were instead upgrading rigs at less than half the price and in half the time. We bought rigs when others didn't want to buy rigs, when we bought the Courage and the Valor two and a half years ago. And I believe that we're able to do that because we provide for the company a long-term strategic view. We're accustomed to cyclical markets, and we're accustomed to leaning against the wind so to do generally what the other participants in the market are not doing at that point in time.
Michael Shinnick: Maybe I'll come from a different direction. How about in terms of sectors or groups where you see attractive valuations, say tangible assets given your view on interest rates. Would you return to say the oil tanker marker, dry bulk or timber? What types of things look attractive?
James Tisch: I don't want to get into specific industries. So I'm just going to leave my answer with what I said.
Operator: That was our final question. I'll now turn the floor but back over to Mr. Daugherty for any closing remarks.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Tisch - Chief Executive Officer  Peter Keegan - Chief Financial Officer  Darren Daugherty - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts : Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates David Adelman - Morgan Stanley Josh Class [ph] - Manikay Partners
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews second quarter earnings conference call (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you Jackie. Good morning everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporations second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. A copy of the earnings release maybe found on our website at www.loews.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, the Chief Executive Officer of Loews and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews.  Before we begin, Id like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer, which is included in the companys 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC.  Id also like to remind you that during this call today we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. After Jim and Peter have discussed our results, we will have a question-and-answer session.  I will now turn the call over to Loews Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James Tisch: Thank you Darren and good morning and thanks all of you for joining us on our call today.  For the second quarter, Loews net income increased to $356 million from $340 in the second quarter of 2009. This increase reflects an investment gain of $1 million this year, versus a net investment loss of $178 million in the second quarter of 2009. Loews reported income before the investment gains and losses was $365 million versus $518 million in the second quarter of 2009. This decline is primarily the result of decreased earnings from Diamond Offshore, CNA and HighMount and a lower investment incomes from Loews trading portfolio.  CNA reported overall solid operating and financial performance for the second quarter, although its net operating income declined versus the prior year quarter. The primary drivers of this decline was decreased limited partnership results and decreased current accident year underwriting results, which were partially offset by favorable net prior year development.  Subsequent to the close of the quarter, CNA announced an agreement to transform its legacy asbestos and pollution liability for National Indemnity, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. We believe that this transaction will effectively eliminate CNAs asbestos and pollution reserve risks, as well as any reinsurance dispute and credit risks.  In the past, our earnings conference call has given me an opportunity to do a quarterly lectures theory on current topics in insurance accounting, and I consider the proposed changes to the accounting rules proposed by the FASB to be a worthy topic for today. On May 26 the FASB published an exposure draft of an accounting standards updates that would significantly change mark-to-market accounting rules for insurance companies and other financial institutions.  The proposed rule changes would require insurance companies to mark substantially all of their investments to market each quarter through the income statement. Fluctuations in the market place of new securities would therefore flow through both the quarterly income statement and balance sheet, instead of just the balance sheet as now occurs under the current rules. Importantly this new methodology would apply to securities currently classified as available for sale.  So lets examine the impact of the proposed rules on CNAs reported earnings during the tumultuous market conditions of 2008 and 2009. If the proposed rules had been in effect in 08, Loews and CNA would have recognized through the income statement, additional investment losses of approximately $5 billion. When CNAs portfolio recovered in value in 2009, the proposed rules would have resulted in investment gains along those $5 billion being reported on the income statement.  From 08 to 09, Loewss and CNAs reported results would have swung by $10 billion, when in our view not much had really changed with respect to the underlying insurance business. The problem with the expanded use of mark-to-market accounting, is that this methodology does not reflect the way an insurance business is run; the way that we and other insurance managements think about or manage our businesses.  The wild and unpredictable swings in unrealized investment gains and losses, will oftentimes draw out the businesss underwriting results and net investment income, notwithstanding the insurance companys ability and intent to hold the investment security through recovery. While the stated goals for these rules is to enhance transparency, mark-to-market will prove the opposite, by obscuring and camouflaging the underlying operating results.  If these new accounting rules are imposed, I predict that the first thing a security analyst will do when an insurance company announces its results, is adjust the reported earnings for the unrealized investment gains or losses to get to the underlying operating income number, as it is currently reported under existing accounting rules.  The commentary for the FASBs proposed accounting standards update extends through September 30. I encourage you to send your cards and letters and if you want to get with the 21st century, your emails as well, to let them know that the proposed rules do nothing to improve transparency and they do a lot to obscure operating results.  Now back to our regularly scheduled program. For the second quarter, Diamond Offshore reported a reduction in revenue that was largely the results of a decline in renewal contract dayrates from peak levels and a decrease in overall average fleet utilization. Given these factors, along with the continuing uncertainty caused by the drilling moratorium in the US Gulf of Mexico, Diamond has announced a reduction in its quarterly special dividend.  Its regular and special dividends payable in the third quarter were reduced to a total of $0.875 from the total of $1.50 in the prior quarter. Diamond stated that it felt that it was prudent to retain cash to maintain financial strength and strategic flexibility, as well as to position itself for potential rig acquisition opportunity.  In July, Diamond announced the sale of its high specification jack-up rig, the Ocean Shield to ENSCO for $186 million. This rig is currently working for Apache Corporation in Australia under a term contract, which ENSCO will assume. This was a one-off, opportunistic transaction that Diamond made in order to increase its funds for potential investment in deep water assets such as last years purchase of the Ocean Valor and the Ocean Courage.  Loews finished the quarter with holding company cash and investment of $3.4 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased one and a half million shares of our common stock, which is considerably less than our share repurchases in the prior three quarters. While we typically do not comment on the factors that guide our decision to buy back our stocks in any given quarter, I will point out that CNA's discussion with national indemnity, regarding the loss portfolio transfer transaction prevented us from repurchasing our stock during much of the quarter. Absent that factor, the total would probably have been higher than the 1.5 million shares purchased. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Peter Keegan our Chief Financial Officer. Pete.
Peter Keegan:  Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. For the quarter, earnings per share improved $0.87 from $0.78 in the prior year quarter, primarily as the result of realized investment gains at CNA, compared to investment losses in the prior period. Offsetting this were a decline in results with three of our subsidiary companies, and a decline in holding company investment income. Book value for Loews common share increased to $43.53 as of June 30, from $39.76 at the beginning of the year. For the quarter, realized investment gains at CNA totaled $12 million after tax and non-controlling interest, versus realized investment losses of $178 million in the prior year quarter. The driver of improvement was a reduction in other than temporary impairment losses. CNAs contribution to Loews net income before investment gains and losses decreased to $247 million for the quarter from $277 million in the prior year quarter. The decrease resulted mainly from lower investment income, which included a significant decrease and limited partnership results, versus the prior year period, in which CNA recorded exceptional limited partnership investment results. CNAS results for the quarter benefited from a favorable net prior year development in its core property and casualty operations. For second quarter combined ratio for PNC operations was 89.4 compared with 98.1 in the second quarter 2009, with the difference primarily attributable to 18.4 points of favorable prior year development. CNA has reported favorable prior year development for 14 consecutive quarters, reflecting disciplined underwriting and reserving practices.  In his comments, Jim mentioned that CNA has entered into an agreement with National Indemnity, under which CNAs legacy asbestos and environmental pollution liabilities will be reinsured. The closing of the transaction is expected to occur in the third quarter of 2010, at which time Loews expects to recognize a loss of approximately $340 million after tax and non-controlling interest. Diamond Offshores contribution to net income for the quarter declined to $104 million from $181 million in the second quarter 2009. Compared to the prior years second quarter, operating revenues decreased by $111 million to $812 million, while contract drilling expense increased by $43 million to $349 million.  The decline in revenue primarily relates to a decrease in day rates and an overall decrease in average utilization from 80% during the second quarter of 2009 to 76% for the second quarter of 2010. This increase in operating expense is primarily due to the addition of the Ocean Courage and Ocean Valor to Diamonds fleet, as well as higher amortized mobilization expenses and higher operating costs from rigs exiting the US Gulf of Mexico to operate internationally, where the operating cost structure is generally higher. HighMount reported second quarter net operating income of $5 million versus $29 million in the prior year quarter. During the quarter, HighMount completed the sale of exploration and production assets located in the Antrim Shale of Michigan and the Black Warrior Basin in Alabama. HighMounts remaining natural gas exploration and production operations are primarily located in the Permian Basin in Texas. Compared to the second quarter of 2009, HighMounts operating revenues decreased by $42 million to $105 million. The sale assets in Michigan and Alabama decreased revenues by $24 million, and the reduction in drilling activity in the Permian Basin, as well as lower average prices decreased revenues by $19. Aside from discontinuing hedge accounting on derivative positions, no significant investment gains or losses were recognized from the sale of HighMounts Antrim Shale and Black Warrior Basin assets. Because HighMount utilizes the full cost method of accounting, no gain or loss is recognized on the sale of reserved and sales proceeds reduce the capitalized cost pool. During the quarter, HighMounts aggregate production volumes for Permian Antrim and Black Warrior assets are as follows: Natural gas production of 15 billion cubic feet, at an averaged realize price of $5.19 per 1000 cubic feet. Natural gas liquids production of 738,000 barrels at an average realized price of $33.20 per barrel, and oil production of 68,000 barrels, at an average price of $71.08 per barrel. HighMounts production volumes for the Permian Basin are as follows: Natural gas production of 12.4 billion cubic feet, natural gas liquids production of just under 738,000 barrels, and oil production of 60,000 barrels. As of June 30, HighMount had hedges in place for approximately 79% of its estimated 2010 natural gas equivalent production, at an equivalent price of $6.26 per mcfe and 60% of estimated 2011 production at an equivalent price of $6.32 per mcfe. Boardwalk Pipelines contribution to net income for the quarter increased to $21 million from $8 million in the prior year second quarter. Versus the prior year second quarter, revenues increased by $55 million to $256 million, primarily due to pipeline expansion projects. These increases were partially offset by a $10 million decrease in interoperable and short-term firm transportation services, caused by the lower basis spreads between delivery points on Boardwalk Pipelines pipeline system. Operating expenses in the quarter increased by $15 million to $165 million, primarily from an increase in natural gas prices and consumed fuel related to the pipeline expansion. In the second quarter, Loews Hotels net income increased to $4 million from $3 million in the prior year quarter. Revenue per available room increased to $152.82 from $139.21 in the second quarter of 2009. Occupancy for the quarter also increased to 73.6% from 69.8%. As of June 30, holding company cash and investments totaled $3.4 billion. During the quarter, we received $200 million in dividends and interest from our subsidiaries who purchased 1.5 million shares of our common stock for $56 and we paid $27 million of dividends to our shareholders. Now, Ill turn the call back over to Darren. Darren.
Darren Daugherty:  Thank you, Pete. Operator at this time well open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney:  Thank you for your monolog on accounting. I testified at FASB against realized gains and losses going above along the income statement a long time ago, and I can tell you, they seem to have very little interest in usability and functionality for insurance investors and their thought process, so I am pessimistic that youll be able to change their thought process, but I agree with the intent and your prediction of what will happen is certainly right on.
James Tisch: Rob, if you want to pessimistic then dont send your cards and letters. If you want a chance of changing it, then let your voice be heard, because my guess is that a lot of tabloids [ph] are expressing their opinion loud and clear to the FASB, but investment professionals who are actually responsible for managing money and doing serious published investment analysis are not being heard, and those are the people that really need to communicate with FASB.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. On Diamond, are property starting to float around yet or is this just a prediction for the future. Is there much traffic of the inventories yet?
James Tisch:  I assume you are talking about rigs available for sale.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right.
James Tisch: The for-sale signs are not ours. But having said that there are indicators that seems to be signaling that rig transactions will take place over the next six months to a year. First of all day-rates are down significantly from their peak, there are a number of rigs floaters that are in the yard scheduled to come out of the yard that dont have contracts.  There are many rigs where the owners are highly levered and now this latest event, the blow out in the Gulf of Mexico, that I believe has sent fifth and sixth generation rig rates down yet even lower. And so all of those factors lead me to believe that, as I said over the next six to twelve months there will be rigs that become available for sales.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Will Loews be willing to commit more money to Diamond if there was an opportunity that was too big for Diamond itself to finance.
James Tisch: I dont know. I will never say never, and I dont like answering hypothetical questions. What I should say is that Diamond has already bought two rigs. With the current dividend policy, Diamond will continue to accumulate significant amount of cash and my thinking, and I think the Board of Diamond, their thinking is that Diamond will have the wherewithal to be able to make acquisition on their own without any outside help.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay last question. Is HighMounts quarter sort of representative of the run rate of current earnings or is there something -- I know there is seasonality as well, but just looking at the year over year trends, as we look for, if the current status of the markets continue for rough comparisons.
Peter Keegan : Its a function of what our drilling program going forward is going to be. So, I dont think  and you dont know what that is and we are not going to state what that is. We are not going to make projection going forward. So, I wouldnt assume that this is necessarily a run rate. Obviously Bob there is also noise in the quarter for the departure of the Michigan and Alabama assets.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: There was cost for the disposition.
Peter Keegan : You just have the noise of the revenue decline, because those assets left in the quarter. We totally settled out in the third quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, I think I understand your answer. Thank you.
James Tisch: Thank you. And dont forget, send your cards and letters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. A sort of follow up on the last, the companys $3.4 billion, it doesnt appear that at this point -- well maybe, I should ask this question. Do you see any of the subs needing, maybe need is too strong, using some of the companys $3.4 billion?
James Tisch: Look, each of our subsidiaries, their marching orders are to finance their own capital needs. And what happened in 08 were really extraordinary events, and I would expect that only in very, very extraordinary times will the subsidiary need to come to the parent hat in hand looking for financing. Otherwise, for the public subsidiaries we expect them to finance themselves.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So, is it fair to say then that cash will accumulate until the company finds some outside investment?
James Tisch: Yes, weve said before, we obviously hold some cash in reserve just because you never know whats going to happen in this world, but we have cash in excess of that reserve amount that we feel even that can be used to repurchase shares, that can be used to buy other assets, either companies or individual assets. Or it can just stay and accumulate on our balance sheet. We dont let it burn a hole in our pockets.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: And regarding the hotel RevPAR, if I got the right numbers, it looks like it was up about 10% and yet the earnings were up very little. Was there something else going on?
Peter Keegan : Nothing material to talk about, no.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Is there any reason for us to believe that if RevPAR was up 10%, earning should grow better than $1 million?
Peter Keegan : There is nothing extraordinary to talk about.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Adelman with Morgan Stanley.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
James Tisch: Good morning, David.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Were there any noteworthy changes first of all in the makeup of the holding company investment portfolio during the quarter?
James Tisch: No, nothing, nothing of any great significance.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then Jim from time to time in the last couple of years youve updated the market place on your sort of overall views about the economy and sort of the appetite internally for acquisitions. Could you just bring us up to date on your thinking there as we stay on today?
James Tisch: My view on the economy actually is the same that its been for the past two or three years. The decline that we had in 08 and going into 09 came about, because of an over levered U.S. economy and as a result of the economy being over levered it is very difficult to get that bounce of the bottom that you would ordinarily expect from a recession.  So, we are now growing probably over the last quarter, the second quarter I think came in at 2.4% and many analysts are now forecasting that going forward in the second half of the year, we could have growth of less than that amount because of the fiscal drag coming about from state, government as well as the way the stimulus money starts to ebb as well. So, I am generally in agreement. I think that the second half of the year, growth should probably be in the zero to 2% and I think going forward its going to be very difficult to get this economy cranking at a faster rate growth because of the continued high levels of debts.  So, when we factor that into our forecast for individual companies, I just dont understand how the bottoms up analysis of earnings that gets you to this enormous growth in [S&P] earnings is actually going to come to fruition, and so when we think about acquisition, we think about it in the context of full growth [ph] economy as opposed to an economy thats going to take off.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
James Tisch: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Josh Class [ph] with Manikay Partners.
Josh Class - Manikay Partners: Hi, Jim. I was wondering if you could update us to the extent, the CNA transaction with Berkshire expedites CNAs ability to repay the preferred shares?
Jim Tisch: The Berkshire transaction significantly de-risks the CNA balance sheet by taking hopefully forever CNAs fastest liabilities off the table, and I think that a number of CNAs regulatory and rating constituencies understand that as well. We Loews, are hopeful that CNA will pay down the preferred.  Its nice to receive the 10% dividend on that preferred, and it will be missed when the preferred is paid down, but remember once that preferred is paid down then depending upon a lot of factors, but CNA could be capable of paying a dividend to all its shareholders, and so Loews could receive cash flow from a CNA dividend on its common stock as opposed to dividend on its preferred stock.  So, I heard the CNA call, I heard people worrying that the repayment of Loews preferred had to be mutually agreed by Loews and CNA and Ill just remind everyone that CNA has already paid off $250 million of that preferred by mutual agreement of the two companies.
Josh Class - Manikay Partners: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we have no further questions, so Ill now turn the call back over to Darren Daugherty for any closing remarks.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay will be available on our website, www.loews.com, in approximately two hours. That concludes todays call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Lawrence Dickerson - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Darren Daugherty -  Peter Keegan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President James Tisch - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Office of the President, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Member of Finance Committee, Chairman of Diamond Offshore and Director of CNA
Analysts: Steven McSorely Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney David Adelman - Morgan Stanley Stephen Velgot - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Loews First Quarter 2010 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Paula. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the earnings release may be found on our website, www.loews.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, the Chief Executive Officer of Loews; and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. Before we begin, I'd like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer, which is included in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC. I'd also like to remind you that during this call today, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. After we have discussed our results, we will have a question-and-answer session. And now, I'll turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James Tisch: Thank you, Darren. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Loews started the year with very solid first quarter reporting earnings of $0.99 per share compared to a loss of $1.49 per share in the first quarter of '09. CNA saw substantial improvement in its net operating income, primarily from higher investment income from limited partnership investments. The Specialty segment for CNA is performing well in a very competitive environment. CNA continues to exercise underlining discipline in both its Specialty and Commercial segments. In the Commercial segment, CNA maintains its focus on improving profitability with more selective underwriting and improved pricing. The competitive P&C insurance market and weak economy have put pressure on the top line but CNA's progress towards an adequately priced, more profitable commercial book of business is evidenced in its improving rate trend. Results in CNA's core property and casualty operation included higher catastrophe losses and decreased favorable net prior year development versus the first quarter of '09.  Diamond Offshore posted strong results for the first quarter. While day rates have decreased from their all-time high, current rates remain attractive and profitable. During the quarter, Diamond signed a number of contacts, bringing a revenue backlog to approximately $9.1 billion or 78.5 rig years of work. Diamond's recently declared special quarterly dividend along with its regular quarterly dividend was reduced from the previous level of $2 per share to $1.50 per share. This new level of dividend represents over $100 million of cash to be received by Loews this quarter. The tragic events on the Deepwater Horizon and the ensuing oil spills are of great concern to all of us. Larry Dickerson, the CEO of Diamond Offshore, is on the call this morning. And after Pete Keegan and I have finished our prepared remarks, Larry will give us an update on the situation.  So turning back to our results, Boardwalk had a strong first quarter, benefiting from increased pipeline capacity and throughput on its major pipeline expansion projects. The growth of natural gas supply continues to create new opportunities, such as the previously announced Haynesville and Clarence Compression Projects which will boost capacity on Boardwalk's East Texas pipeline system to accommodate demand from the Haynesville Shale production area. During the quarter, Boardwalk placed into service three new compressor stations on the Gulf Crossing pipeline and the Fayetteville and Greenville laterals, increasing the delivery capacities of these pipelines. These compression projects demonstrate the attractiveness and flexibility of Boardwalk's footprint. Boardwalk has increased the cash distribution pay to unit holders each quarter since its IPO in '05. The most recently declared distribution was $15.05 per unit, which when combined with distributions to the Boardwalk general partner represents $65 million of cash flow to Loews during the second quarter. In the E&P sector, natural gas pricing weakness has resulted in a challenging operating environment. To better position itself to succeed in this environment, HighMount is disposing of its non-core assets in Alabama and Michigan. On April 28, HighMount entered into an agreement to sell its assets in the Black Warrior Basin in Alabama to Walter Energy for $210 million. This sale is expected to close during the second quarter of 2010. Additionally, on April 30, HighMount completed the sale of its Exploration & Production assets in the Antrim Shale in Michigan for $330 million, subject to adjustments. Net proceeds from both transactions total approximately $500 million and will go towards repayment of HighMounts outstanding $1.6 billion term loan. As of year-end '09, approximately 83% of HighMounts proved reserves were located in the Permian Basin in Texas. In comparison, the Antrim Shale and the Black Warrior Basin assets were geographically distant and relatively small, together representing only about 17% of HighMount's proved reserves. As a result of these transactions, HighMount will be able to concentrate on its prolific Permian Basin assets which have more favorable production economics.  In management news, HighMount's Chief Executive Officer, Tim Parker, has elected to pursue other opportunities in the E&P sector, and therefore the changes at HighMount will also include the appointment of a new CEO. Given the depth of experience of HighMount's management team led by Jason Gardner, a longtime HighMount employee and current Chief Operating Officer, we anticipate that this time of transition will proceed smoothly. We have a long-standing policy of not commenting on the potential sale or divestiture of subsidiary companies. But in this case, I'd like to make an exception. In light of the many M&A transactions that have taken place in the E&P sector, as well as the actions taken at HighMount, I want to say very clearly that we do not have any plans to divest of our HighMount's E&P subsidiary. We continue to light the economics of these long-life natural gas assets over the long term. We are making changes at HighMount to make the company more competitive in this difficult operating environment and we will continue to look for the right opportunity to grow in the E&P industry. On the lodging front, I am pleased to report some upbeat news from our Loews Hotels subsidiary. Last month, Loews Hotels celebrated the opening of its 19th property, the Loews Atlanta Hotel, located in the heart of Midtown Atlanta. It is a beautiful 414-room property, and we hope that you will visit us when traveling to Atlanta.  And finally, Loews Corp. finished the quarter with $3.4 billion of cash and investments, up from $3 billion at the beginning of 2010. During the quarter plus the month of April, we repurchased over 6.8 million shares of our common stock for slightly more than $250 million. This brings the total shares repurchased since the beginning of the quarter -- beginning of the second quarter of '09, to just under 17.4 million shares and represents a whisker less than 4% of our shares outstanding at that time. As many of you know, share repurchasing at opportune times and prices have been an integral part of our efforts over the years to build long-term value for all Loews common stockholders. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete?
Peter Keegan: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Loews reported first quarter net income of $420 million versus a net loss of $647 million in the prior year first quarter. Last year's first quarter results include the non-cash after-tax impairment charge of $660 million at HighMount E&P. In the first quarter of 2010, realized investment gains of CNA totaled $19 million after-tax and non-controlling interest versus realized net investment losses in the prior year quarter of $310 million after-tax in non-controlling interest. CNA's contribution to Loews' net income before investment gains and losses was $206 million for the quarter versus $140 million in the prior year quarter. CNA's core property and casualty operations and its non-core segments both saw improvement primarily from higher investment income in limited partnership investments. During the quarter, CNA's unrealized position improved by $348 million net of tax. Loews' book value per share increased $41.80 as of March 31, 2010, compared to $39.76 at the beginning of the year, mainly as a result of increased book value at CNA. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the quarter declined to $136 million from a $163 million in the first quarter of 2009. Diamonds first quarter net income reflects a 2.7% decrease in revenue stemming from an overall decline rig utilization, although average day rates for Diamond Offshores floater fleet increased. Revenues from jack-up rigs decreased $47 million versus the prior year quarter primarily due to decreased day rates and utilization. HighMount reported first quarter net income of $24 million. Its revenues decreased to $235 million in the first quarter 2010 from $175 million in the first quarter of 2009, mainly due to reduced average realized prices and sales volume. The decline in production reflects some curtailment of HighMount's drilling program as well as delayed well completions in response to lower natural gas prices. HighMount's expenses for the first quarter decreased to $91 million from $145 million in the first quarter of 2009, excluding the impairment of natural gas and oil properties. Expenses in the first quarter of 2009 included the $23 million fee, determinate contracts on five drilling rigs at HighMount's Permian Basin properties. DD&A expenses for the quarter decreased $14 million versus the prior year's first quarter primarily as a result of the impairment of the carrying value of HighMount's natural gas and oil properties. HighMount's first quarter results included $8 million loss after-tax from discontinuing hedge accounting and derivative positions primarily related to the sale of Michigan assets. HighMount's production volumes are as follows: Natural gas production of 17.6 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $7.16 per thousand cubic feet; natural gas liquids production of 734,000 barrels at an average realized price of $34.43 per barrel; and oil production of 61,000 barrels at an average price of $74.19 per barrel. As of March 31, HighMount had hedges in place for approximately 75% of its estimated 2010 natural gas equivalent production at an equivalent price of $6.07 per Mcfe, and 49% of estimated 2011 production at an equivalent price of $6.41 per Mcfe. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to net income for the quarter was $38 million versus $22 million in the prior year's first quarter. Revenues increased to $301 million from $224 million in the first quarter of 2009, primarily as a result of increased gas transportation capacities and throughput from pipeline expansion projects. Expenses rose to $213 million from $173 million in the prior year first quarter. Expenses during the quarter included a $14 million increase in fuel consumed due to higher throughput from the pipeline expansion projects and a $10 million increase in interest expense due to higher debt levels. In the first quarter, Loews Hotels reported a net loss of $1 million versus a net loss of $18 million in the prior year first quarter, which included a non-cash impairment charge related to Loews Hotels minority interest in a joint venture. In the first quarter of 2010, revenue per available room increased to $144.65 from $137.56 in the prior year first quarter. Occupancy for the quarter also increased to 65.3% from 62.4%.  As of March 31, holding company cash and investments totaled $3.4 billion. During the quarter, we received net proceeds of approximately $333 million from the sale of 11.5 million Boardwalk Pipeline common units, representing a portion of the common units we purchased from Boardwalk in late 2008 and mid-2009. Also during the quarter, we received $237 million of dividends and interest from our subsidiaries. We have purchased 5.4 million shares of our common stock for $197 million and we paid $26 million of dividend to our shareholders. From April 1 through April 28, 2010, we repurchased an additional 1.25 million shares of common stock for $47 million. And now, I'll turn the call back to Jim.
James Tisch: Thank you, Pete. And before we get to questions and answers, I'd like to turn the call over to Larry Dickerson, the CEO of Diamond Offshore, to give a brief update on the offshore drilling industry and Diamond Offshore. Larry?
Lawrence Dickerson: Thank you very much, Jim. I'm going to talk about the Deepwater Horizon event, which is an unfolding tragedy, but first we need to focus on it was a tragedy for 11 of our fellow offshore workers who lost their lives apparently in this event, and certainly the company extends its condolences to those families and to those companies. I would point out that the industry has a 41-year track record of operating safely in the U.S. Gulf, or in all U.S. waters without any significant oil spills. So therefore, the scope and size of this particular tragedy of the sinking of the Horizon and the uncontrolled flow of oil into the sea surprised us very much that this would happen and be of this magnitude. We don't have our full set of facts to be able to comment as to what particularly happened, but the first thing we did was we did understand from reports that they were in the final processes of testing their well and securing that well. So the first thing that Diamond Offshore did was begin a review of its own procedures governing these particular types of operations with emphasis and questions of what could go wrong, so that we could make sure that there wasnt any changes that we need to make to our procedures.  The Ocean Endeavor was the closest offshore rig to the Horizon and, even before the Horizon sank, we began taking on transferring from boats some of the survivors that were evacuated from the rig and they were initially staged there. We requested for a couple of tools to be utilized in efforts to close the BOP stacks and we quickly provided those to the companies undergoing those particular efforts. Again, we are ready as needed to provide any further assistance but I think most of those efforts are in hand by BP and the other subcontractors that are working there. We are confident that our procedures and our personnel are adequate in scope and sufficiently trained so that if those procedures are followed, that we will prevent this type of occurrence in the future on our rigs. The only thing I can provide as an update is that the MMS, the regulatory authorities which is a part of the Department of Interior, announced that they would make and have made for Diamond Offshore, visits to our deepwater operations to review what we're doing with emphasis on our stacks and our procedures there. And we did not receive as a result of those visits any incidence of non-compliance, which would be the regulatory method of recognizing deficiency or something that needed to be corrected.  So again, we stand by with the rest of the industry. I do know that the men and women of this industry are working very, very hard, are trying all sorts of things, have a number of plans in the works to begin to get control of the oil flow, and that's obviously everybody's highest priority before we move on to determining what may have happened, and should there be additional safeguards or changes in our procedures in the future. So with that, I think Jim, I'll let you continue on with your Q&A portion.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Thank you very much for Larrys comments. I was wondering if I could direct a question to him on what he expects the result of this is going to do to pricing for your insurance costs?
Lawrence Dickerson: Obviously, it will have an impact on the market. Fortunately, our renewal date was May 1 and we already had our programs both on physical damage and liability insurance renewed. So we're good for a year, which I think thats a good place to be because the market will have plenty of time to sort itself out. Certainly, weve been through these type of events before with the hurricanes that have occurred in the Gulf, and that has had impact on insurance pricing.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Jim, on the gas property sales, totally understand the strategic merits of the decision, the only thing that I would just wonder is the timing. It seems like an inopportune time to be selling gas properties with prices depressed. What made you decide you wanted to be more liquid there?
James Tisch: Well, first of all remember these are long-life reserves so they're not as affected by the short-term pricing, by short-term prices of natural gas as shorter lives reserves might be. And when we sold these properties, we received approximately the same price per Mcf in the ground as when we bought these properties. So we felt that in view of what the pricing was for the assets that it made sense to sell at this point in time.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Just to be clear, you took a lot of write-downs since you made the original $4 billion purchase, and the press release said there would be no gain or loss. So just on your last point, you're selling it for the same price as to the markdown assets imply or...
James Tisch: Were selling it -- when we bought HighMount, we paid I think $1.63 per Mcf. And when we sold, we're selling at about $1.59 per Mcf. I think we're selling fewer Mcfs -- we have fewer Mcfs in the ground, so that may account for a bit of it. But otherwise, on that benchmark, it's about the same.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. I understand your point, I guess just following my point, there's no material gain or loss even though youve written off $1 billion of carrying value.
Peter Keegan: That was against all of the assets...
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right, I understand that, but if you've taken all the assets down by $1 billion and there's no gain or loss...
Peter Keegan: Well, its a more complex answer than just that. Other things have happened. We've had earnings. Weve had tax depreciation. There have been a lot of movement in these assets since we acquired them. So there's not a simple answer to that question, but what Jim said is correct. The price per Mcfe is essentially the same and the unit sold is somewhat less. And weve received benefits for the period of time we owned it.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Adelman of Morgan Stanley.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Jim, on HighMount, is the biggest surprise since you bought it simply domestic production of natural gas as shale technology has evolved?
James Tisch: Yes. The shale boom, I think, has surprised everybody. We bought HighMount in '07. Gas prices proceeded to go up for a year. When we bought HighMount, gas prices were about $7.50 in Mcf. They almost doubled in the next year, going to $14.50 in Mcf in July of '08, and then they went down steadily. At one point, it hit a $1 handle about a year ago. And that's all due to the shale I believe. The shale boom really became recognized as a permanent phenomenon beginning in the summer of '08, and people now have a pretty good understanding of just how significant it is, and it is rather significant. Having said that, I would say that natural gas prices at $4 in Mcf are below the cost of production, even for many of the shale players. So I think that two things will happen in the world of natural gas. Number one, I think that slowly but surely production will come down because the industry is operating -- many people in the industry are operating at negative cash flow. And the other thing that will happen is that natural gas consumption, I believe, over the next several years will increase significantly. Right now, natural gas trades for about 30% of the per Btu that oil trades for. And I think that spread is just too big to last for a long time. And I think what we're going to see is increased consumption of natural gas to the detriment of oil consumption. But as I said, that's not going to happen in a month or two. That will take a few years for that to happen. But it could add a few percentage points of consumption every year to natural gas.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: And then on a different topic. What can you say, Jim, about your -- what percent of the common units of Boardwalk you want to own long-term? I know you made a series of incremental investments, you sold a bit, more or less, is this where you want to be, or do you envision that coming down over time further?
James Tisch: Let me just say, we're very comfortable with our current ownership position. I don't want to talk about what we're going to do in the future, not for Boardwalk, not for CNA, not for any of our subsidiaries. But I can just tell you right now, we are very happy with our ownership of Boardwalk and the cash flow and tax benefits that its providing to Loews.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven McSorely of EnSANET.
Steven McSorely: Peter, looking at HighMount, it looks like you're going to be paying down around 30% of the debt outstanding there, also getting rid of about 17% of the reserves. So just looking here, is there a target level of leverage that you want to have on that business? Are we over-levered, under-levered versus where youd want to be right now?
Peter Keegan: I think our view is that the debt will be at $1.1 billion after its fully paid down in about another month, and we consider that level to be appropriate.
Steven McSorely: And what's the time horizon on that debt to maturity?
Peter Keegan: It's two years from this summer. I think it's two years from July.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Velgot of SIG.
Stephen Velgot - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Yes. Just a couple of questions about the sales within HighMount. I want to make sure I'm thinking about this correctly. Around the $1.60 per Mcf equivalent that you sold these assets for, am I right to say that the amount of assets were somewhat more developed than the assets you purchased from Dominion back in 2007? I think if I remember correctly, they were about 77% proved developed and it looked like these assets were about 86%, but with natural gas prices lower these days I guess that's the reason that the $1.60 is about equivalent from one period to the next. Is that fair?
James Tisch: Hold on one second, were just looking up the answer.
Steven McSorely: I just had another one that I'll throw out there as well. Did I miss what the CapEx number was in the quarter for HighMount, and whether or not you can talk about whether its kind of a linear reduction going forward from these asset sales?
Peter Keegan: Well, to answer your first question, the proved developed at year-end for Michigan was a little under 83%, and Alabama it would be about 92%.
Steven McSorely: Okay. And I think just in total of that $4 billion asset purchase, it was about 77% proved developed.
Peter Keegan: Yes, we don't have that number in front of us.
James Tisch: What youd really have to do is look at it on a per-basin basis. And we don't have those numbers right here.
Steven McSorely: Okay. And just in terms of CapEx?
Peter Keegan: CapEx in the first quarter of '10 was $27 million.
James Tisch: That was just drilling CapEx.
Steven McSorely: Okay. And should we expect in general CapEx for HighMount to be down about 20% going forward or...
James Tisch: No, I don't want to give a forecast on that, and the reason is that our CapEx program is driven in large part by the economics that we can achieve through purchasing drilling services and the spread that we can obtain by hedging the production for the first two or three years. So a lot of our CapEx is driven not just by the stock price for natural gas but by the forward curve going out to the year. And it's difficult at this point in time to say exactly what our CapEx will be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Lou [ph] of Mass Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Just following up on the CapEx questions. Im assuming the first quarter numbers still include the Antrim Shale and the Black Warrior Basin contribution?
James Tisch: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So what is the pro forma -- what is the approximate production reduction from the sale of Antrim and Black Warrior?
Peter Keegan: Let's see. The production -- we can give you the '09 production but I can't give you the pro forma. For 09, Michigan was 12.5 Bcfe, and Alabama was 9.1.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then what is the gas-oil breakdown for HighMount following these sales?
Peter Keegan: For the Permian Basin in '09: 55.5 Bcfe of natural gas, 3.314 MBbls of liquids, and 326 MBbls of oil and condensates.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe you can help me understand the comment on growth of the E&P asset a little bit more. Do you intend to grow the HighMount asset -- or the HighMount subsidiary as a standalone or with the help of the parent company?
James Tisch: Well, the parent company would invest more money into HighMount if we find the right opportunities. Obviously, we prefer for HighMount to be able to finance it on its own. But given the right opportunity, Loews will be there to make the investment.
Operator: The next question comes from of Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Follow up for Larry. Do you have a sense of where President Obama is going on drilling? Hes getting a lot of pressure from the Paul Krugmans of the world to slow down offshore drilling as opposed to accelerate. What's your crystal ball sort of indication of where his head is now?
James Tisch: Let me take a shot at that. I don't think anybody really knows. I think we're going to have to wait and see. What we've seen to date is that there is increased scrutiny on the part of regulators. My guess is that increased scrutiny will continue and probably increase. But I don't think that anybody at this point in time, probably not even the President, knows exactly what is going to be the new regime in the Gulf of Mexico. And war is offshore of the United States wont deduct [ph] (42:05) that its from this tragedy.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And for you, Jimmy, despite all this buyback which is accelerating youre becoming more deleveraged with your strength at the parent. And your last call, you highlighted you have a backdrop of very slow economic recovery for a while. Then in your thought process, any thoughts or comments just on recent investment moves at the parent and liquidity?
James Tisch: When you say recent investment moves, what are you talking about specifically?
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Well, I'm just saying, what have you done at the parent investment-wise and you're continuing to deleverage?
James Tisch: And what do would mean by deleverage?
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Raising cash at the holding company?
James Tisch: Okay. Listen, Tom, we have a long and glorious history of holding cash at the parent company. We like it. And we have the discipline to hold it even if it pays us precious little in interest. We have of the $3.4 billion of cash at the holding company level, about $500 million is invested in equities and equity-like partnerships. The rest of that money, so close to $3 billion, is invested primarily in fixed income instruments. Our corporate philosophy is to have cash at the holding company level because only by having cash at the holding company level can we take advantage of opportunities when they appear. So the cash that we have by the standards of the past few years is high, by the standards of a few years before that I think the cash that we have is low. I would say to you that it's a level that we're very comfortable with. It gives us the opportunity to buy back stock, if we want to do that. It gives us the opportunity to make an acquisition if we see an attractive one come along. And its not so great that it's, as I like to say, it's not burning a hole in our pocket.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Maybe this is also sort of a long-term kind of as the last one was. But can you talk about whether you see the financial bill affecting even your ability to invest or manage money and/or CNA's ability to manage their money?
James Tisch: Are you talking about the financial regulation bill going through the Senate right now?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Correct.
James Tisch: Yes. I don't think that, that is going to have a major impact on us. And certainly not as serious an impact as it will have for banks. I think the thing that's concerning me that I may talk about next quarter are the changes that the FASB has up its sleeve, that it will start to lay out over the next several months, which will relate to market value accounting. I know the banks are apoplectic about it. It will be, as they say in the world of economists, procyclical, so that when things are good banks will be giddy to actually loan more, and when things are bad in the economy banks will be retrenching even more. My guess is -- and for Loews and CNA, because we would have to mark all of our investment assets to market, it will cause our earnings to swing wildly. Such that in '08 if we had reported under this regime, our earnings would have been at CNA a loss of $5 billion, and in '09 our earnings would have been income of $5 billion. And so the first thing I think that analysts will do with respect to insurance companies which don't have one on the bank lists the way that other financial institutions have it, the first thing analysts will do when we report our net income number is deduct out that change of in-market value of our assets. I would encourage one and all, when these proposals come out, to make your feelings known to the FASB about what's going on. Because it seems to me to be accounting that will serve no good purpose, will be difficult to account for at the corporate level, and will economically be dangerous for the country. For banks, they will have -- instead of taking Loan Loss Reserves, they will have to mark their loans to market, whatever that means. And as I said, it just doesn't make sense. So pay close, close attention to it and we'll see how it develops.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Where does this stand now? Is it a done deal?
James Tisch: It is not a done deal. There should be an exposure draft that comes out pretty soon and that's when the debate will officially begin. So you can accuse me of gun-dropping here.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the conference back over to Darren Daugherty for any closing remarks.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay will be available on our website, www.loews.com, in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darren Daugherty  Director, IR Jim Tisch  President and CEO Peter Keegan  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney Sachin Shah  Capstone Global Markets Michael Millman  Millman Associates David Adelman  Morgan Stanley Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group Alan Grand [ph] Adrian Day  Adrian Day Asset Management Joe Lu [ph]  Mass Capital [ph]
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remark there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) I will now turn the call over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporations Fourth Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the earnings release may be found on our website Loews.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch the Chief Executive Officer of Loews, and Peter Keegan the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. Before we begin, I would like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer which is included in the companys 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC. I would also like to remind you that during this call today we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. I will now turn the call over Loews Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Darren. Good morning and thank you for joining us on our call today. Loews wrapped up the year with a solid fourth quarter that benefited from good operating results of G&A, ongoing earnings strength at Diamond Offshore and improved investment income from the holding company investment portfolio. CNA reported solid net operating income for both the quarter and full-year, primarily due to improvement in net investment income. In 09, Tom Motamed, the CEO of CNA wants the strategy to drive top and bottom line growth, and in support of this strategy, CNA has strengthened its leadership team, opened new field offices and added underwriting staff. Within its core property and casualty operations, CNA specialty segment continued to deliver very strong performance. And within its commercial segment, the improvement initiatives are beginning to take hold. CNA has seen continued recovery of its investment portfolio, which together with earnings has boosted CNA's book value per common share by 72% from year-end 08, representing a $5.4 billion free tax improvement in its unrealized gain position. Last quarter during our earnings conference call, I elaborated on how mark-to-market accounting rules could potentially be misleading with respect to unrealized losses at property and casualty insurance company. While it was unpleasant last year to see unrealized losses on the asset side of the balance sheet, we believe that the bulk of the securities held by CNA would ultimately recover in value as they have. CNA finished 09 with its balance sheet and investment portfolio in very good shape. The reason Im revisiting this issue however, is that at some point in the future, interest rates could again rise in the United States. Should this occur or more realistically when this occurs most PMC insurance companies including CNA will likely suffer a negative impact on the market value of their fixed income investment portfolios, which would in turn have a negative impact on GAAP book value. But because CNAs portfolio is generally comprised of securities that attempt to match the duration and liquidity requirements of its insurance liability, a decline in market value caused by an interest rate rise would not meaningfully impact the companys ability to pay claims. We therefore tend to focus on book value per share before unrealized gains and losses. And notwithstanding the decline in stated GAAP book value as a result of increasing interest rates, there is an offsetting benefit to a higher interest rate environment. CNA would be able to invest a significant cash flow into higher-yielding securities. During the fourth quarter, CNA completed a $350 million bond offering at a competitive yield, which underscores the market confidence and CNAs financial strength. Of the proceeds, $250 million will be used to regain the preferred stock owned by Loews, which continues to hold $1 billion of the preferred shares in CNA. For 09, Diamond Offshore posted record earnings stemming from strong day rates and utilization rates for it semisubmersible drilling rates. Energy prices have recovered from one year ago, but the uncertain economic outlook has somewhat dampened demand for offshore drilling services and the day rates that Diamond has been able to command the new contract. Despite these market challenges, Diamond entered 2010 with a contract backlog of about $8.5 billion and with approximately 75% of its floater fleet fully committed. As you may know, Diamond has a policy of considering the payment of special cash dividends reflecting the earnings financial position and earnings outlook for the company. In that regard, Diamond's Board of Directors last week declared a special and regular quarterly dividend together totaling $2 per share, representing a $140 million payment to Loews. Boardwalk closed out the year with a strong fourth quarter, both in terms of progress made on its expansion projects and the positive impact these expansion projects are having on cash flow. Boardwalk has declared a cash distribution for the fourth quarter of $0.50 per unit, continuing its track record of increasing cash distribution to unitholders each quarter since its initial public offering in '05. Loews cash receipts from Boardwalk dividends last quarter was $69 million. As previously disclosed, all of Boardwalks 42 inch pipeline expansion project have received approval from the pipeline and the hazardous material safety administration or PHMSA to operate at the full design capacity. On the 36 inch project, the Fayetteville and Greenville Laterals, Boardwalk is able to meet all customer requirements until mid-2011 by operating the pipelines at normal operating pressures. The company is seeking approval from PHMSA to operate the Fayetteville Lateral at higher operating pressures, which will allow Boardwalk to further increase capacity. Given the strong demand for pipeline capacity from the Haynesville Shale production area, Boardwalk has announced two compression projects to boost capacity on its East Texas pipeline system. The planned [ph] compression project and the Haynesville project will leverage Boardwalks flexible and integrated pipeline system and should generate favorable project economics. One we solve this, these projects will be supported by long life contracts averaging more than 11 years. Importantly, Boardwalk has completed all the necessary financing and has enough liquidity in place to complete all its announced projects including the newest compression projects. With strong cash flow from our subsidiary, Loews Corporation finished 2009 with $3 billion of cash and investments and only $866 million of debt at the holding company level. During the year, we repurchased 10.5 million shares of our common stock for $348 million. This represents 2.4% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. From January 1st through February 1st of this year, we bought an additional 1.6 million shares for $57 million. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Peter Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete?
Peter Keegan: Thanks, Jim and good morning, everyone. For the fourth quarter Loews reported a net income of $403 million versus a loss of $958 million in the prior year quarter. For the full year, income from continuing operations was $566 million, versus a loss of $182 million in 20008. Loews interest in CNAs fourth quarter net realized investment gains after tax and non-controlling interest was $44 million versus a loss $283 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. This improvement reflects the realized investment gain of $217 million after tax and non-controlling interest from its sales of CNAs common stock holdings of the risk analytics in October 2009 offset by other than temporary impairment losses. For the full year, Loews interest in CNA's net realized investment losses after-tax and non-controlling interest was 505 million. These primarily consisted of other than temporary impairment losses related to asset backed and corporate securities. In 2008 Loews' interest in CNA's net investment losses was $756 million after-tax and non-controlling interest. CNA contributed $182 million to Loews' net operating income for the quarter versus a loss of $15 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. The increase was primarily driven by improved results from limited partnership investments. For the full year CNA's contribution to net operating income was 904 million, up from 488 million in 2008. Results benefited primarily from higher investment income as well as from unusually light catastrophe losses. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income for the fourth quarter declined to 128 million versus 137 million in the prior year fourth quarter, primarily due to a higher effective tax rate. Average day rates to semisubmersible rigs were essentially flat as with average utilization for intermediate semisubmersibles. Utilization for high spec floaters was down by eight percentage points, primarily because of timing of required rig surveys. For the full year Diamond's contribution to net income increased to a record 642 million from 612 million in 2008. HighMount reported net income of 35 million in the fourth quarter versus 37 million in the prior year fourth quarter, excluding 754 million of non-cash impairment charges. Excluding non-cash impairment charges of 754 million after-tax in the fourth quarter of 2008, and of 660 million after-tax in the first quarter of 2009, HighMount's net income for the full year declined to $123 million from a $179 million in 2008, primarily because of decreased production volumes and lower natural gas prices. Some production numbers are as follows For 2009, HighMount reported natural gas sales of $70.8 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $6.94 per thousand cubic feet. Natural gas liquids production of 3.3 million barrels at an average realized price of $30.98 per barrel, and oil production of 363,000 barrel at an average price of $55.37 per barrel. As of December 31st, HighMount had hedges in place to cover approximately 64% of its estimated 2010 natural gas equivalent production at an equivalent price of $6.43 per Mcf and 35% of estimated 2011 production at an equivalent price of $6.49 per Mcf. At year-end, total proved reserves were approximately 2 trillion cubic feet equivalent, down from 2.2 Tcf in the previous year. Revision is primarily related to lower average energy prices in 2009 compared to December 31st 2008, and a reclassification of some proved undeveloped reserves to a non-proven category. Boardwalks contribution to Loews fourth quarter net income increased to $28 million from $27 million in the prior quarter, reflecting increased revenues from pipeline expansion projects and higher parking and lending revenues which benefited from favorable pricing spreads between spot and futures market prices. For the full year, Boardwalk contribution to net income decreased to $67 million as compared to 125 million in 2008. The decline is because in 2009 revenues from the expansion projects were approximately 122 million lower than expected due to remediation of pipeline anomalies, but operating expenses associated with the expansion projects increased. Loews hotels reported net losses of $4 million and $34 million for the quarter and full year versus net income of $4 million and $40 million for the fourth quarter full year in 2008. Average room rates for the quarter decreased to $217 from $252 in the prior year quarter. Well, occupancy decreased to 61.6% from 65.8% resulting in a 19.3% decrease in revenue per available room. Hotel bookings, of course, the entire upper upscale lodging industry was significantly lower in 2009 than in prior years. Net investment income from Loews trading portfolio were 16 million for the quarter versus a net loss of 78 million in the prior year fourth quarter. For the full year investment income was 113 million versus a net loss of 33 million in 2008. Improvements were primarily from better performance in the trading portfolio in the larger cash balance. Much of the losses in 2008 related to mark-to-market losses in the equity portfolio, which has since recovered. Holding company cash and investments as of December 31 totaled $3 billion. As Jim mentioned, during 2009 we purchased 348 million of our common stock at an average price of $33.05. Additionally, we made investments in Boardwalk Pipeline of 150 million for common units and 200 million for subordinated debt, and repaid 108 million of dividends to our shareholders. We received $954 million in dividends from our subsidiaries and $175 million of investment income from our trading portfolio. $250 million of senior preferred stock was redeemed by CNA and $100 million of subordinated debt was repaid by Boardwalk Pipeline. And now, I will turn the call back over to Darren.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Pete. Operator at this time we will open it for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Good morning. I was wondering, given I dont have the 10-K, can you give me the carry-in  year-end carrying values for Diamond, Boardwalk, CNA and HighMount?
Peter Keegan: I dont think we have it readily available, Bob.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney:
. :
Jim Tisch: The apparent -- we dont have much in the way of fixed income. We do from time to time trade in the government bond market, but we dont have fixed income the way we do in CNA.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: CNA, right.
Jim Tisch: And the reason I wanted to talk about book value and whats going to happen is that I feel pretty confident that at some point in the next few years interest rates are going to go up, and CNA's book value is going to go down. And this is just a way of saying in advance, I told you so, and trying to make abundantly clear at a time when we dont need to say it. What will happen to the book value, what if  and the fact that in terms of the operation and financial strength of CNA, that its a pretty much a non-event if the book value does go down as a result of an increase in interest rates.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: What we can have is to pay at later discussion, later but. But if you have strong conviction that interest rates are going higher, it to me it would have some influence on CNA's desire to write long-term casualty business where assumption of loss cost growth factors into how you might price the product?
Jim Tisch: It much more affects us in the non-geometrical portfolio than the underwriting of insurance product. We are Tom Motamed is not at CNA to do cash flow underwriting. We are there to be in the top quartile of underwriters and to achieve a combined ratio commensurate with that. So we are looking to generate a significant underwriting income at CNA.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Well just making my point clear, I mean if you have perfect knowledge that inflation was going to be running 8% in the next three to five years, you would not want to be ready in much long-term casualty business, so it would go the other way in that, I mean, it seems to me it would make management want to be more restrictive and underwriting non aggressive?
Jim Tisch: I know, but I am more concerned about interest rates than I am in inflation?
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. So you think we might have interest rates going up without inflation?
Jim Tisch: Without significant amounts of inflation, I think thats entirely possible.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. Thank you. I may have some follow-ups.
Jim Tisch: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sachin Shah of Capstone Global Markets.
Sachin Shah  Capstone Global Markets: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just, it seems like you picked up the share repurchases a little bit more in the fourth quarter, and I think you mentioned a year that you are acquiring another $1.6 million since todays release. So, just wanted to kind of get your thoughts on going forward, I know you have stated that you are looking to continue to share repurchases, but just as far as thought process now with kind of market condition has any of that thought process changed? Are you looking for discount to NAV or are you looking at absolute dollar amount to make these repurchases? Thats a first part; second part is, any indication or any update on how to potentially monetize the current assets that they are being held at the holding company level, primarily high amount similar to how you did well at pipelines, you did IPO of just under 20%, doing a potential IPO or spin-off to the market doesnt necessarily have to be a significant amount to kind of monetize that value. So, I just wanted to kind of find out your thought process on that with market conditions currently?
Jim Tisch: Well, of course with respect to repurchases, we are following the same play book that we've followed for the past four years or so. And that is, we buys the shares and when we think they are attractively prized to use a whole host of measures to do that, we look at the some of the parts evaluation, we look at earnings, we look at cash flow, we look at just about everything that any analyst would look at in determining whether the shares are cheap or deal [ph], and then we act accordingly. And I can't say how much money we would spend in the course of the year on repurchases, but the thing I can say is we will do absolutely nothing in anyway to jeopardize the financial strength of Loews. I said in my remarks that we have $3 billion of cash, we have $866 million of debt. I think that even though we spent last year $350 million repurchasing shares, our cash balance at the end of the year was higher than at the beginning of the year. So we are very conservative in the management of that, those share repurchases. With respect to monetizing assets, it's funny, I dont know how to answer you, because if we were thinking about an IPO, and I would say something then we would be jumping the guns, and I can't do that. So, if I say we are not doing something then maybe that gives a different answer, and you could gain your way to figuring out what we are doing. So, let me just say that instead we constantly look at markets, when weve taking businesses probably they have been for very, very specific reasons and because we thought it would be not only good for Loews but also good for the shareholders of Loews and the potential shareholders of those subsidiaries. But beyond that, I dont want to talk about what specific plans we have for the IPOs of any of our businesses. I am sorry to say but its the way it has to be. You will find out as soon as file a prospectus for that business.
Sachin Shah  Capstone Global Markets: Thank you, Jim. Have a good day.
Jim Tisch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman at Millman Associates.
Michael Millman  Millman Associates: Thank you. I guess, maybe pushing a little bit more on the repos, fresh question is how much cash on the balance sheet at this point in time gives you comfort or to put it the other way, how much could you spend on repos given the opportunity?
Jim Tisch: First of all, in terms of how much cash gives us comfort, as you know I dont know -- I cant give you an exact number. I can tell if you look through history weve had significantly less than $3 billion and weve still been comfortable. So let me leave it at that. What was the second part of your question?
Michael Millman  Millman Associates: Well, it was kind of there are three parts of that, but I think you've answered. The next question is where do you see the most or upside for Loews value over the next couple of years?
Jim Tisch: Im reticent to answer but, what the heck, Ill sally forth anyway. My sense is that CNA is trading at what two-thirds of book value. Is the place where there could be significant upside opportunity. It's a  the stock is a prove me or  has to prove itself to the market, but I have seen what the management is doing. I have seen what the numbers look like in and I have a sense that theyll be able to do what they say they are going to do. As we say stay-tuned and well all see.
Michael Millman  Millman Associates: Right. Given what you said before it would seem reasonable that the market is assuming that interest rates will go up, and therefore the book value will go down, do you think selling it two-thirds of book value is taking this into account?
Jim Tisch: Yeah, because right now the mark-to-market on the investment to CNA is pretty much a watch, it doesnt have much of an effect on book value. So, I dont think that going forward in the future that CNAs -- that the level of interest rate will have a significant impact on the price CNAs stock. I think people will look through book value and instead look towards the underlying operating income of the company on a quarterly and annual basis. And I think that if interest rates would have spike up and therefore the book value were to decline again, I dont think that would be such a significant factor.
Michael Millman  Millman Associates: All right. So, basically you see opportunities for the company to do a lot better in its basic business and that would drive the stock?
Jim Tisch: The CNA, yes.
Michael Millman  Millman Associates: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator:
 :
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: Good morning, Jim.
Jim Tisch: Good morning.
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley:
 :
Jim Tisch: A large scale acquisition would be a use of cash, just the way share repurchases are a use of cash, and we raised the long-term benefits of all the different opportunities including share repurchases and acquisitions in trying to determine what is the best course for Loews. So, its sort of like going to the eye doctor and looking at the eye chart, say that A  is A more attractive or B more attractive? Can you see more clearly with A or B? And we make our decision that way. We dont feel that we have to make an acquisition. What we feel we have to do is constantly be striving to increase the long-term value of the company, and use whatever means we can, which we believe provides the best results for our shareholders.
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Velgot at Susquehanna.
Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group: Yes, I had a couple housekeeping questions, and then I was going to ask you, if Jim could comment on what sellers expectations have generally been like in looking at acquisitions? But the housekeeping questions are the cash and investments at the holding company are excluding the $1 billion investment in CNA preferred I take it?
James Tisch: Thats correct.
Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. And then the second question, Peter could you just restate what Loews holds in terms of the sub debt at Boardwalk or was that all paid back?
Peter Keegan: Beyond $100 million so.
Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group: So 100 million, okay. And then Jim, the question just about overall expectations among sellers, if you could just comment on whether or not you think expectations are too high or it probably always seems that way when you are more of a buyer but I wondered how that may have changed over the last year or so?
James Tisch: No, I dont know what the specific expectations of sellers are. I would put it a little differently. I would say that with respect to a lot of businesses, sellers are looking to sell, based on the economics of 07 and early 08 and buyers often times are looking to buy based on the economics of late 08 and 09. And its too early to tell yet exactly how thats all going to way out and we are going to have to see as well what happen to the economy. And we have had, in general corporate profits and in for each in particular instance the profitability of those individual companies, my general sense is that were not going to have a robust recovery the way we had from prior recession and my reasons for that is that I believe that this what we now called great recession is different from prior recessions. And its different because it didnt come about because of the FED raised interest rates to choke off an expanding economy, rather it came about, I believe, because we as a nation had a mountain of debt that basically fell down on itself. We had debt to GDP in the 50s of a 120% and that has expanded over the past 60 years to 360% of total debt to GDP in our economy. And in 07 and 08 that mountain cracked and then crashed the economy, and when you come out of a normal recession what happens is the FED loosens up on interest rates after they choked off the inflationary expectations, and then the banks lend money, extend credit and with that extension of credit, you have that expansion phase coming off of the bottom of the economy. This time around, it is not that extension of credit. And the reason is because theres already too much credit in the economy, either on the part of the homeowner  homeowner and consumers primarily but also the overall economy in general. And so, I dont believe we are going to get that boost or liftoff phase that you get for narrowly out of the  off the bottom of the recession, simply because we are not going to have the accelerant, which is the credit extension in order to finance it. So, just to bring that back to the price of buying businesses, we operate under the assumption that things are not going to get better, significantly better in the near-term, and well have to see what the market is thinking with respect to the economy by looking at the prices that others are willing to pay for businesses that are up for sale.
Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up, Jim. Do you tend to expand your scope of potential acquisitions more globally of late or are you primarily focused in the U.S.?
Jim Tisch: We are primarily focused in the U.S. for a number of reasons. Number one, they are playing safe enough. Number two, they havent eliminated time zone. And number three, we have a though enough time understanding how to do business in the culture here in the United States. And to think that we could from a few 1000 miles away, master it in a foreign country just doesnt really makes sense to me. Additionally, the question always have to arise, if the opportunity is so good why arent the locals in that foreign country taking advantage of it. So, for all those reasons we tend to maintain our focus here in the United States. We are not afraid to have businesses that deal internationally. For example, Diamond Offshore has very substantial operations that occur outside the United States, but we are in general looking for businesses that are located here in the States.
Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question is a follow-up from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: I was wondering if you can drill a little deeper into HighMount, the lateral moving parts over the last year, weve written down a $1 billion in the carrying value; you have got a little bit more active with the well costs coming down, the Mobil XTO transaction which, sort of, to some extent validates the carrying value of your original purchase as opposed to the write-downs, I guess the question is are things getting better or worse for that investment in the last year? Because the carrying value write-down that the account is forced on you seem unduly conservative relative to the economics and the fundamentals of the business. How should I think of what the value of this business is today?
Jim Tisch: Listen, I dont know what the value of the business is, I do know we bought a high amount, about $1.65 per Mcf, which was at the time an attractive valuation and I still consider an attractive valuation. The write-downs that took place last year occurred because of the spot price of natural gas on one particular day. And last year the price of natural gas got down to  Henry Hub gas got down to a price with a handle of one on it. So it's like a $1.80 or $1.90, but at the end of the quarter when we had to actually determine whether there would be a write-down, the price got down to, I think $3 and change, some very low price. In the meantime, the SEC has changed the rules for the SEC 10 ceiling test impairment charges. And so I think if these new rules had been used in the prior quarters the write-downs would not have been as significant. Id say also that the  as you can imagine I think the business is getting better overall. Certainly gas prices are up, or at least spot gas prices are up. The 12 months strip is now trading just under $6.00 an Mcf, thats up significantly from where it was during 09. And importantly, the cost of drilling wells has come down rather significantly for us. Going back, a year and half, to drill a well in Sonora cost us an excess about a million dollars. It is, since declined to about $450,000, and now it is picking up a bit because of whats going on with steel prices and the like, but nonetheless because the drilling is still rather low and we find especially in our major market which is Sonora we can drill wells at, what looks us to be, very attractive returns for HighMount.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: It seems like, I mean, obviously the accounts make it harder to write up assets than write down assets, but if things are getting better, the fundamentals are improving and your balance sheets reflects a $1 billion hit and that doesnt reflect economic realities, it seems like at some point the accounts would say where we are being to conservative and now we are carrying this asset?
Jim Tisch: I have never ever, ever, ever seen an accountant say you are being too conservative, and likewise, I have never ever, ever, ever seen them say gee, the value for that asset is too low on your balance sheet, why dont you write it off? It doesnt happen.
Peter Keegan: The way you get the benefit, Bob is because you wrote the assets down as you go forward and so guess in the future you have lower cost to average price. It will give benefit very gradually in the future.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay. Thank you for the education.
Jim Tisch: Well, I am going to propose you for the FASB Board!
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: I am testified a few times, and they could care less what they have to say so.
Operator: And your next question comes from Alan Grand [ph].
Alan Grand: Thank you. Good morning, gentleman. My question is related to the spin-off of Lorillard in 2008.
Jim Tisch: Ancient history.
Alan Grand: Yes. Generally, are you glad that given what's happened to the company since then that with the increased excise taxes that you made that decision in looking back?
Jim Tisch: I dont like to look back. I look forward, and I think the shareholders of Loews have done well. I think the shareholders of Lorillards have done well. I wish Lorillard all the best luck in the world. Martin Orlowsky does a phenomenal job of running that business. But I dont want to sit here now and second guess, should we have done those or shouldnt we have done it? Let me just say that we are very pleased with how Loews looks today.
Alan Grand: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adrian Day of Adrian Day Asset Management.
Adrian Day  Adrian Day Asset Management: Yes, good morning. I'd like to ask a general question if I may, sort of the opposite of what you were asked earlier about, about good things that could happen. Obviously the balance sheet lets you sleep at night, thats great. What is it that you think could go wrong with the company or frustrates you about the circumstances?
Jim Tisch: Well, I would advise you to look at our upcoming 10-K or prior 10-Qs, then talk about certain risk factors. There is I think 30 pages of things that could go wrong, but just to mention a few -- Id say oil prices could go down significantly, gas prices could go down both of which we have heard Diamond Offshore and also HighMount, generally that wouldnt hurt Boardwalk too much. And likewise Boardwalk has pretty much finished its major capital project. So, it would be difficult to see what could hurt Boardwalk significantly other than a dramatic change in gas demand or something is going on intra market, in a different market that Boardwalk serve and likewise I am assuming no gas leaks or explosions which are something that could happen to anybody in the pipeline business. When you talk about CNA thats a work-in-progress. I think that, as I said before, that people at CNA are doing a great job, but, anything can happen there. We could have more hurricanes, and even out by the hurricanes season, earthquakes have been known to strike from time to time. So catastrophe is our significant risk as well as investment portfolio. And at the hotel business, there is the overall economic environment. There is the risk hopefully they have learned their lesson, but there is the risk that Washington can do yet more to try to kill the business, but notwithstanding all these risks, there are risks that we live with, there are risks that I am accustom to. And I feel generally comfortable taking those risks, and I feel especially comfortable that we at the holding company have the cash and financial resources in place, such that if heaven forbid some of these risks actually do come to pass that we have the ability to come through them in pretty good shape.
Adrian Day  Adrian Day Asset Management: Okay. That's great. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Lu [ph] of Mass Capital [ph].
Joe Lu : Good morning, gentlemen. Just going back to HighMount, did you say that TV10 value for the reserves were under the new SEC rules?
 Mass Capital: Good morning, gentlemen. Just going back to HighMount, did you say that TV10 value for the reserves were under the new SEC rules?
James Tisch: We did not say it, no.
Joe Lu : Okay. And what were your thoughts on hedging when you look at the curve, right now its going after 2011, I think it's, call it 640-ish, which is roughly inline where the Astra hedged today, just sort of thinking about strategically how the position of HighMount into maximizing value there, have you given thoughts for hedging that production there more?
 Mass Capital: Okay. And what were your thoughts on hedging when you look at the curve, right now its going after 2011, I think it's, call it 640-ish, which is roughly inline where the Astra hedged today, just sort of thinking about strategically how the position of HighMount into maximizing value there, have you given thoughts for hedging that production there more?
Jim Tisch: We stated as a general rule that we like to be hedged one years worth of production over the coming two years, and that's approximately where we are now. Additionally, when we do some of these drilling programs, and in particular the programs that we did last year when gas prices were very low, we drilled the well but we didnt complete or frac it until some time starting in December. And what we did is we hedged the first three years of production in order to be able to lock in very significant double-digit returns on those investments. So, we think that hedging is a very attractive tool that we have in order to maximize returns for HighMount.
Joe Lu : Understood. And also, what is the CapEx for the year for HighMount?
 Mass Capital: Understood. And also, what is the CapEx for the year for HighMount?
Jim Tisch: The CapEx, it is just here somewhere. We have Dennis Millet and Tim Parker on from HighMount, maybe they will 
Dennis Millet: Hey Jim, it's right around at $200 million from what has been in capital in 2009.
Jim Tisch: Okay.
Joe Lu : Thank you
 Mass Capital: Thank you
Jim Tisch: Thank you.
Operator: If there are no more questions, Ill turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay will be available on our website loews.com at approximately 2 hours. That concludes todays call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darren Daugherty  Director of Investor Relations James S. Tisch  Chief Executive Officer Peter W. Keegan  Chief Financial Officer Tim Parker  Chief Executive Officer of HighMount
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney David Adelman  Morgan Stanley Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group Adrian Day  Adrian Day Asset Management
Operator: Welcome to the Loews Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations.
Darren Daugherty: Welcome to Loews Corporations Third Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the earnings release may be found on our website Loews.com. One the call this morning are Jim Tisch the Chief Executive Officer of Loews, and Peter Keegan the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. Before we begin, I'd like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer which is included in the company's filings with the SEC. I'd also like to remind you that during this call today we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. After Jim and Peter have discussed our results, we will have a question and answer session. If you would like to ask questions and are listening via the webcast, please use the dial in number to participate, 877-692-2592. I'll now turn the call over to Loews Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
Jim S. Tisch : Loews reported a solid quarter reflecting improved results in CNA, continued strong results in Diamond Offshore, and higher investment income in the holding company portfolio. During the third quarter Loews' book value per common share increased by over 14%, primarily as a result of the $1.7 billion increase in the mark-to-market value of CNA's investment portfolio. What a difference a quarter makes. CNA reported another quarter of solid operating income driven by improved investment income and low catastrophe losses. In its core property and casualty operations, CNA continues to focus on growing its specialty lines of business, as well as improving performance in its standard lines of business. CNA specialty lines continues to be the most profitable business in CNA's portfolio benefiting from diversification by product, geography, and industry class. With respect to its standard lines [Tom Multomad] has brought in new leadership to focus intently on improving profitability. A key part of that process is improving underwriting results and growing the top line in the small and middle market space while maintaining competitive expense levels. Perhaps most significantly CNA's investment portfolio continued the strong recovery that began earlier this year. At the end of the third quarter, CNA's book value per share stood at $35.38 compared to $20.92 at year end '08. This improvement was primarily the result of narrowing credit spreads in the fixed income market. While we are quite pleased to see the improvement in CNA's balance sheet, the volatility of fixed income security prices over the past year underscores how one could be potentially mislead by mark-to-market accounting, especially with the respect to unrealized losses at property and casualty insurance companies. Each quarter CNA goes through an extensive and rigorous process of recognizing losses on securities that it judges to be credit impaired or that it intends to sell. These losses run through CNA's income statement. Mark-to-market losses on all other securities are reflected solely on CNA's balance sheet. Since the beginning of this year, after-tax net unrealized losses included accumulated other comprehensive income for AOCI has moved from a loss of $3.4 billion to a gain of $127 million as of quarter end. Not only is this a welcome improvement to CNA's balance sheet, it is also consistent with what we have expected all along, that the bulk of the securities held by CNA would ultimately recover in value. This is why we tend to focus on book value per share before unrealized gains and losses, especially given the rigor of CNA's impairment process. The rule of new accounting may seem out of place on an earnings call, but the reality is that the volatility of securities market values and their impact on book value per share have received enormous focus recently within the P&C insurance industry. In managing the CNA portfolio, the imperative is to own credit worthy securities that match the duration and liquidity requirements of our insurance liabilities. Recognizing these unrealized losses on the balance sheet has been unpleasant over the past few quarters, but it has been our expectation that the vast majority of securities in the portfolio would recover in value, and they have. And with that I'll get off my accounting soapbox and get back to our results. Diamond Offshore reported another quarter of excellent results. The big story for the quarter was Diamond's purchase of the Ocean Valor, a newly constructed dynamically positioned drilling rig that is capable of operating in 7,500 feet of water. Diamond was able to acquire the rig at auction for approximately $490 million, well below the recent cost to construct a similar new build rig. The rig is being actively marketed for work commencing in early 2010, which by our calculation is a lot better than waiting three years for the completion of a new build rig. This acquisition is consistent with Diamond's successful strategy of buying attractive assets at a time when purchases are possible at favorable pricing. To replenish available cash after the rig acquisition, Diamond used its strong balance sheet to go to the debt markets and was able to issue $500 million of long-term debt due in 30 years at the very attractive rate of 5.75%. Diamond's board of directors recently declared special and regular  regular and quarterly dividends which together total $2 per share and market continuation of Diamond's policy of paying out special cash dividends reflecting the earnings and financial position of the company. For Boardwalk Pipeline, its net income for the quarter was negatively impacted by work to repair anomalies on some of its expansion pipelines. New pipelines have been remediated and all of Boardwalk Pipeline's expansion projects are now in service at normal operating pressure. Additionally, its Legacy pipeline system continues to be a steady performer. Boardwalk continues to work with SEMSA to obtain approval to operate the expansion pipelines at higher operating pressures, which would effectively increase pipeline capacity. Construction on its remaining compression project is progressing well. And although the company faces some risk as discussed in its SEC filings, Boardwalk is looking forward to leveraging what we believe to be one of the best pipeline footprints in the industry. In the third quarter, Boardwalk issued over $500 million of both debt and equity, each on attractive terms. These financings should provide Boardwalk with a liquidity to complete all of its announced expansion projects. Additionally, it will allow Boardwalk to repay to Loews $100 million of subordinated debt that Loews had previously lent to Boardwalk. Boardwalk declared a third quarter distribution of $0.495 per unit continuing its track record of increasing cash distribution to unit holders each quarter since its initial public offering in '05. And with that, I will turn over the call and my soapbox to Pete Keegan our Chief Financial Officer.
Peter Keegan: For the third quarter, Loews reported income from operations before investment losses of $530 million, as compared to $235 million in the prior year third quarter. Net investment losses for the quarter of $61 million after-tax and non-controlling interest are primarily from other than temporary impairments in CNA's available for sale investment portfolio. In the 2008 third quarter, net investment losses were $379 million. CNA's contribution to Loews net income before investment losses increased to $304 million from $76 million in the prior year third quarter. CNA's operating income increased in both its core property and casualty operations, as well as non-core operations. The improvement reflects lower catastrophe losses, increased investment income, and a $55 million after-tax gain from a settlement that resolved litigation related to the placement of personal acts of reinsurance. Investment income benefited from improved results from limited partnership investments, but was negatively impacted by lower short-term interest rates. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income increased to $170 million versus $145 million in the third quarter of 2008. Diamond's revenue backlog currently stands at over $8.7 billion, including the contract for Diamond's deep water rig Ocean Courage, which is currently on route to the Gulf of Mexico where it will begin working early February of 2010 for Petrobras. In the third quarter, HighMount reported net income of $40 million versus $47 million in last year's third quarter. The decline reflects lower production volumes and realized prices. HighMount reported natural gas sales of 17.4 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $6.72 per thousand cubic feet, natural gas liquids production of 762.3 thousand barrels at an average realized price of $27.32 per barrel, and oil production of 81.5 thousand barrels at an average price of $63.51 per barrel. As of September 30, HighMount hedges in place that cover approximately 67% of its remaining 2009 natural gas equivalent production at an equivalent price of $7.18 per Mcfe, and 54% for 2010 production at an equivalent price of $6.51 per Mcfe. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to net income in the quarter was $9 million versus $31 million in the prior year third quarter. Revenue from gas transportation was reduced by approximately $47 million as a result of remediation of pipe anomalies, which required some temporary pipeline shutdowns and reductions in operating pressures on expansion pipelines. Additionally, Boardwalk's results in the [28th] quarter were favorably impacted by gains of $36 million from gas sales related to Boardwalk's Western Kentucky storage expansion, as well as the disposition of coal reserves. Boardwalk's operating expenses increased by $41 million primarily from expenses associated with the expansion, such as depreciation, property taxes and interest expense. Loews hotels reported a loss of $15 million, which includes a $12 million after-tax impairment charge related to two hotel properties. For the third quarter revenue per available room decreased to $128.97 from $180.59 in the prior year third quarter. The change in revPAR for the third quarter reflects a decline in occupancy rates to 71.5% from 77.5% and a decrease in average room rates to $179.51 from $233.09. For the third quarter, net investment income from Loews trading portfolio totaled $41 million versus investment losses of $57 million in the prior year third quarter. Investment income benefited from higher limited partnership results but lower short-term interest rates at a negative impact. As of September 30, 2009, holding company cash and investments totaled $2.7 billion. During the third quarter, we received $241 million of interest and dividends from our subsidiaries and we paid $27 million of dividends to shareholders. Boardwalk repaid $100 million of subordinated loans with the resulting loan balance now standing at $100 million. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.5 million shares of common stock for approximately $111 million, and between the end of the quarter and October 28, we repurchased approximately 1 million shares for $33 million. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Darren.
Darren Daugherty: Operator, at this time we'll take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bob Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: It seems like the body language from Boardwalk is more positive and there's sort of light at the end of the pipeline as far as this not being a future need of cash from Loews. Is that a correct read?
James S. Tisch: Yes, but I would just say that's been our view for the past several quarters, so it's not new this quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: In HighMount, I'm trying to learn the sort of seasonality of the business. What would have caused Q3 to be up from Q2 given the sort of pressures that I thought might have been in place with gas prices? Was this exacting the hedges or?
James S. Tisch: Tim Parker, who is the CEO of HighMount is on the line, let's let him answer that question.
Tim Parker: Well, in terms of production volumes we were basically very close to in line. We did see a slight decrease in overall price. The big difference that we would have between the quarters would be the impairment that we had at the end of the first quarter. But other than that I don't quite see the variation that you're looking at.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: I was looking at Q3 versus Q2 sequentially, but maybe you could tell me what are your big seasonal quarters? What seasonality is there in the business as we think about modeling?
Tim Parker:
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Jimmy, I was wondering if you could give us a little bit about your overall investment posture and how the parent portfolio has been positioned.
James S. Tisch: We are positioned very conservatively. We still have a lot of cash at the parent company level. The cash treasury builds, repos and fixed maturities make up about 2\3 of the entire investment portfolio, so we're not being heroes here.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: I assume there's no change in the parent debt which wasn't disclosed, Pete?
Peter W. Keegan: There's no change.
James S. Tisch: No change.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Adelman  Morgan Stanley.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Jim, could you talk about the feasibility and the timing of CNA repaying it's preferred investment to Loews, and is that contingent at all on an improvement in CNAs credit rating?
James S. Tisch: We would like CNA to pay off the preferred as rapidly as possible, and likewise CNA would like to do that as well. The issue relates to earnings that CNA has, relates to the credit rating that CNA has, and potentially improvements in that credit rating and the availability of the financial markets to CNA. So we have no specific timetable for that.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: You envision that ultimately being paid off out of cash generation of CNA or could they finance it through third parties are you in different between the two of those?
James S. Tisch: I'd say all of the above. The CNA board will do whatever is in the best interest of CNA. And I know that the board would like to pay that off as rapidly as possible because once that is paid off then that removes an impediment to paying common dividends to CNA shareholders.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Then on a different topic, Jim, you mentioned the investment portfolio. Can you speak to how your assessment of the economy and of the capital markets overall impacts your relative appetite for making an acquisition?
Jim S. Tisch: Well, when you talk about the investment portfolio I wasn't sure if you were going to talk  I thought you were going to talk about the CNA investment portfolio, but you're instead talking about Loews?
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Yes, the holding company making sort of a new platform acquisition?
Jim S. Tisch : We are always looking. The issue right now though I believe is exactly what's going to happen in the economy. My guess is that the economy is going to be very sluggish for a long time, maybe on the order of, if we're lucky, 1% to 2% growth. And I don't see this as a typical recession and I don't see this as a period where we're going to have 4% to 6% growth for the next year or so. I think it'll be very sluggish and I think that additional taxes and mandates will just be additional headwinds for the economy. I say all that as preamble because if we were to buy anything, I would not want to pay up in price anticipating that the economy and, therefore, business in the business cycle will resume. So like it said on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, jittery companies stash cash. You can count Loews Corporation as one of those companies.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: Following up on some of these acquisitions and maybe you've talked about hotels in the past where we are we may see some improvement. Can you talk about if you're looking for assets in hotel purchases or are you looking for brands or either one?
James S. Tisch: We're not looking for brands. We believe we have a very, very good brand. What we would be looking for would be hotel assets to add to our brand. There was an enormous growth in what they call upper upscale hotel properties over the past decade. A number of those have gotten into financial distress of one sort or another, and we think that over the coming few years there will be opportunities to make acquisitions of those properties at attractive prices. But as I just said to David Adelman, our anticipation would be to buy those properties based on the current state of business not somebody's assumption that business going forward is going to improve substantially.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: The other side of that coin is selling properties and would you be a seller A, generally and B, would you be a seller if there wasn't a big capital gain tax involved in certain properties?
James S. Tisch: Well, there is a capital gains tax involved so it's difficult to say what we would do. In terms of whether we're a seller, no, we're very happy with our portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Velgot  SIG
Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group: Jim, I had a question about the strategic rationale for CNA as part of the holding company. I imagine that Loews will continue to be a holding company for the foreseeable future, but can you just relate for us again why it's important to maintain ownership in CNA?
James S. Tisch: CNA is an intregal part of Loews. Loews has owned or controlled CNA for almost 35 years now, and we describe ourselves as unabashedly a conglomerate and we think that in that context CNA fits in very well with Loews. We like the outlook and prospects for CNA and so it's staying where it is.
Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group: If I could just elaborate then, I had from very investors who, as I'm sure you're aware, note that Loews stock trades below where even the public holdings trade. I don't expect that situation would remain indefinitely, but is there a point at which either the management or the board might look to do something strategic in order to change that situation in the market?
James S. Tisch: Well, there are two things you can do. You can complain about the prices of stock and the value of the stock, or you can do something about it. And there are multiple ways to do something about it. One is, I guess as you suggest, is to cast some holdings overboard. We're not looking to do that. The other way to deal with that is to buy in shares and in the past four months the company's brought in 4.5 million shares. As I like to say about our share repurchase history, we have a long and glorious history of share repurchases, buying in shares when the stock trades at a discount. Just to get on my soapbox again and provide an advertisement, Loews' stock has appreciated. Loews shareholders for the past 50 years have had a 16% rate of return on their shares compared to 9% for the S&P 500. So that if you have $1 50 years ago and you invested in the S&P 500, it would be worth about $75 now. On the other hand, that dollar if you would have invested in Loews at 16% would be worth $1,600 or $1,700. So the appreciation of Loews has been quite extraordinary. And one reason for that has been that we have aggressively bought in the shares. In 1970 we had the equivalent of 1.3 billion shares outstanding. Today it's below 430 million. For the life of me, I do not understand why the market values Loews so cheaply, but having said that I'm not complaining about it. Instead we're buying in the share and we're using that as an opportunity to create long-term value for all Loews shareholders. Beyond buying in the shares and doing what we're doing, I don't know what else we can do to close that valuation gap. It is a great frustration to me, but also I see it as a great opportunity.
Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group: Peter, could you provide us with the specific holding company position of cash equivalence and repos at the end of the quarter?
Peter W. Keegan: Just cash equivalence and repos?
Stephen Velgot  Susquehanna Financial Group: Well what you typically  I think the non long-term investments that are at the holding company.
Peter W. Keegan: We have treasury bills and government repos and short-term investments of about $1 billion $800 million. And then we have another $750 million of fixed maturity treasuries and then the rest is other odds and ends.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adrian Day  Adrian Day Asset Management.
Adrian Day  Adrian Day Asset Management: I had a question on hotels. I know you've had a couple of comments on that. You talked about the comparisons with last year, but I'm wondering if you're seeing any recent trends. Not so much at the beginning of this year, but say over the summer and into the fall. Are you noticing anything in particular?
James S. Tisch: No, we are not seeing a significant improvement in the business. It's still sluggish. The most sluggish part is the group business, especially at resort hotels. Because of what's happened in the past year with criticism coming from our elected officials, corporations now view it almost as taboo to have a meeting at a resort hotel. And there's not much that we can do about that, other than market it as aggressively as possible. City hotels are doing marginally better, but overall the business is still in no way robust nor is it seeming to be moving in that direction.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A call replay will be available on our website loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darren Daugherty  Director of Investor Relations  James S. Tisch  Chief Executive Officer  Peter W. Keegan  Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney David Adelman - Morgan Stanley Andy Baker - Jefferies & Company Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates 
Operator:  Good morning. My name is [JulieAnn] and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Darren Daugherty:  Thank you JulieAnn. Good morning everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporations second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. A copy of the earnings release may be found on our website, loews.com.  On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, the Chief Executive Officer of Loews and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. Before we begin, Id like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer, which is included in the companys 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC. Id also like to remind you that during this call today we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures.  After Jim and Peter have discussed our results, we will have a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask questions and are listening via the webcast, please use the dial in number to participate, 877-692-2592.  I will now turn the call over to Loews Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch:  Thank you very much Darren and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us on our call today. In the second quarter of 09 Loews income before net investment losses was $519 million versus $575 million in the same period of 08. We had a solid quarter although our results reflect a mix of factors. CNA achieved must improved results, reporting a 22% increase in operating income over the prior year. In its core property and casualty operations, CNA had another quarter of steady performance, reporting a 98.1% combined ratio. It also had favorable rate trends and renewal retention, as well as strength in writing new business. Further reinforcing CNAs underwriting discipline and conservatism, the company reported favorable reserve development for the 10th consecutive quarter. We have seen continuing improvement in the financial markets and as of June 30, CNAs book value per share had included by more than 31% since the beginning of the year, even after taking into account the quarters realized losses. The recovery in the market value of CNAs portfolio was primarily led by corporate and municipal bonds. Peter Keegan will provide some additional commentary on the CNA investment portfolio when Im finished. Diamond Offshore had an excellent quarter, reporting its second highest earnings on record. For the quarter, average day rates and utilization for Diamonds fleet were strong. Its revenue backlog currently stands at approximately $8.7 billion. Diamond recently completed the acquisition of its newest rig, the Ocean Courage. This new build, sixth generation rig was purchased through a foreclosure auction for $460 million. Last year, prices for similar new build rigs peaked at approximately $750 million. We feel comfortable that this acquisition represents an excellent opportunity that is consistent with Diamonds proven strategy of acquiring and upgrading rigs at times when the market is well off of its cyclical peak. Diamonds board of directors recently declared a special quarterly dividend in addition to the regular quarterly dividend which together totaled $2.00 per share. This marks a continuation of Diamonds policy of paying out special cash dividends, reflecting the earnings and the financial position at Diamond. HighMounts earnings were significantly impacted by lower natural gas prices, although its hedging program helped to mitigate the decline. In the first half of 09 HighMount curtailed its drilling program when spot natural gas prices made drilling uneconomical. The decline in gas prices has led to reduced drilling activity across the EMP industry, as reflected in the Baker Hughes natural gas rig count, which is down by more than 55% from its peak. As a result, the cost to drill a well had declined significantly along with the market prices for drilling services and commodities such as tubular steel and diesel fuel.  While natural gas spot prices are currently low, forward prices are significantly higher. Putting these factors together, HighMount has developed a limited drilling program to capture the attractive economics of reduced drilling costs and relatively robust forward natural gas prices. HighMount has contracted with its drilling and completion service suppliers to lock in favorable pricing by committing to drill 100 wells in the Permian Basin. These wells, for the most part, will be drilled but not currently completed. In other words, the gas will not begin to flow until the first quarter of 2010. Production volume from these wells has been substantially hedged, and are expected to deliver a very attractive return on investment for HighMount. Boardwalk has completed remediation of pipe anomalies on all of its 42 inch diameter pipelines, including the Golf Crossing, East Texas and Southeast Pipeline expansions. All of these systems are now in service at standard operating pressures after receiving from the Regulatory Authority [SEMSA]. Boardwalk continues to work with SEMSA in order to obtain approval to operate the expansion pipelines at higher operating pressures which would effectively boost their capacity. Testing of Boardwalks 36 inch diameter project, the Fayetteville and Greenville Lateral, has revealed some anomalies and therefore these systems will continue to operate at lower than normal operating pressures until remediation is completed. Despite the costs incurred to correct anomalies on the expansion projects, Boardwalk anticipates that total project costs will not exceed the construction budget established early last year. Boardwalks reported earnings for the quarter were significantly reduced by the need to shut down portions of its pipeline as part of its remediation efforts, and by operation and reduced pipeline pressures. Despite these issues, cash flow from Boardwalk expansion projects along with legacy pipeline systems have allowed the company to announce a quarterly cash distribution of $0.49 per limited partner unit, its 14th consecutive increase. So notwithstanding a lousy economy, because of the strength of CNA and Diamonds earnings, Loews turned in a very respectable quarter. In fact, it was the best one since the second quarter of 08. And with that, I will turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete?
Peter W. Keegan:   Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. For the second quarter Loews reported income from continuing operations of $0.78 a share as compared to $1.00 a share in the prior year second quarter. CNAs contribution to Loews net income before investment losses increased to $278 million from $227 million in the prior years second quarter.  In addition to solid underwriting performance, this increase reflects a strong rebound in investment income, primarily from improved limited partnership results. As Jim mentioned, the market value of CNAs portfolio has recovered significantly, increasing both its GAAP equity and regulatory capital. CNAs realized net investment losses in the second quarter totaled $178 million after tax and non-controlling interests versus losses of $65 million in the prior year quarter. These losses primarily consist of other than temporary impairments that were largely driven by the deterioration of underlying collateral and asset backed holdings, primarily residential and commercial mortgage backed securities.  Diamond Offshores contribution to net income decreased to $181 million versus its highest ever quarter of $194 million in 2008. HighMount reported net income of $29 million versus $48 million in the second quarter of 2008. The decline reflects lower realized prices on slightly increased production volume. HighMount reported natural gas production of 20.3 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $6.40 per 1,000 cubic feet, natural gas liquids production of 891.6 thousand barrels at an average realized price of $24.31 per barrel and oil production of 107.1 thousand barrels at an average realized price of $54.04 per barrel. As of June 30, HighMount had hedges in place for 56% of its estimated total production for the remainder of 2009 and 31% of estimated total production for 2010.  Boardwalks contribution to net income was $8 million versus $28 million in the second quarter of 2008. Its expansion projects generated additional gas transportation revenues over the prior years second quarter. However, these pipelines operated at reduced pressures and some were temporarily shut down to repair pipe anomalies. Because of these factors, Boardwalk estimates that the second quarter revenue was negatively impacted by approximately $58 million excluding fuel.  Additionally, operating expenses increased by approximately $41 million, primarily from expenses associated with the expansions such as depreciation, property taxes and interest expense, which are now being recognized.  During the quarter, Loews invested $200 million in Boardwalk under a subordinated loan facility and $150 million in newly issued common units. Investments in Boardwalk totaled $850 million si9nce November of 2008, when Loews announced its willingness to invest up to $1 billion to fully fund completion of the expansion projects. Our total ownership interest in Boardwalk now stands at 75%, including our general partner interest. Loews hotels reported net income of $3 million versus $19 million in the second quarter of last year. Average room rates for the quarter decreased to $199.77 from $253.82 and occupancy for the quarter decreased to 69.7% from 79.1% from the same quarter 2008. Additionally, hotels earnings from the second quarter of 2008 included an $11 million pretax gain related to an adjustment in the carrying value of our 50% interest in a joint venture investment. Net investment income from the holding company trading portfolio totaled $40 million versus investment income of $77 million in the prior years second quarter. The decrease primarily reflects a lower cash balance and historically low interest rates. During the quarter, Loews book value per share of common stock increased to $34.60 from $30.73 as of March 31. At the end of the quarter, holding company cash and investments totaled $2.4 billion. During the quarter we received $236 million of dividends from our subsidiaries, invested $350 million in Boardwalk and paid $27 million of dividends to shareholders. Also during the quarter, we repurchased 1,195,900 shares of common stock for $32 million and subsequent to June 30 we repurchased an additional 1 million shares for $26 million.  And now Ill turn the call back over to Darren. Darren?
Darren Daugherty:   Thank you Pete. Operator at this time well open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney:  On the share repurchase, can we read any sense that maybe you have a greater confidence that you dont need to keep the money available for Boardwalk and CNA to the same extent you thought a quarter ago?
James S. Tisch: Bob, I read your report earlier today, and I dont want to disappoint you. I have no comment.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney:  Let me compliment you, by the way, with how patient you were with Becky this morning as she tried to quiz you on the earnings mess. I dont think she quite figured out how realized gains and losses flow through the income statement. I guess the Dow Jones had the same general problem. Hotels. How do you manage through the current situation? Are you looking around for opportunities to buy things in the current depressed state? Or just sort of run with what youve got?
James S. Tisch: No, youre exactly right. Number one in terms of the operations of the hotels, they have been focused on cutting costs dramatically, so in an attempt to improve the operating margin. And in fact, occupancy is doing very well, or reasonably well. The real problem is average room rate, which is down, depending on the property, anywhere between 20 and 35%. And so thats causing the decline in RevPAR. The good news is that its not just happening to us, that this is an industry wide phenomenon. And Im sure youve read in the newspapers of certain hotels being taken back by the mortgage holders. So its my guess that at some point in time, we are going to see a significant number of hotels hit the market for sale and we will view that as an opportunity to acquire some property at attractive prices. For the past 10 or 15 years at least, hotels have traded at real premium prices. And Ive said that they are the equivalent of the poor mans football team. If you cant own the football team in town, you might as well own the best hotel. And as a result, as I said theyve traded at very steep prices. Its my expectation that in the coming quarters, we will see hotels that can be acquired at more attractive prices.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney:  My last question, Jimmy, if I put a gun to your head and said Loews Corporate portfolio, are you de-risking, re-risking or running with what youve got? Which option would you take?
James S. Tisch: You dont have to put the gun to my head. Were de-risking.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney:  Youre de-risking?
James S. Tisch:   Yes.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney:  I saw your comments with Becky. Is that sort of drives your thought process that the debts got to get de-leveraged?
James S. Tisch: Yes. In terms of the portfolio, were reducing our exposure to municipals, were increasing our exposure to corporate. This is all in primarily in CNA. Were also reducing our asset backs, and at Loews we really havent taken substantial credit risk in our portfolio in a long time. Rather from time to time well foray into the government bond market, but otherwise we keep our cash relatively short.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Adelman - Morgan Stanley.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley:  Jim, could you sort of outline the likely pathway you see to having CNA ultimately repay the preferred investment you made last year?
James S. Tisch: That was a $1.25 billion preferred stock with a 10% coupon. We would like CNA to be able to pay that back as soon as possible. But before CNA can pay that back, they have to get their ratings into better shape. First of all, statistically CNA we believe CNA should be one or two notches rated higher by one or two notches. And we believe that the combination of the good reserving at CNA as shown by the 10th consecutive quarter of releasing reserves, as well as the strong management team should begin to get the rating agencies to move. Combined with that is that accumulated earnings over the coming quarters should also substantially boost property and casualty company statutory surplus. So at some point in time, and I dont know exactly when it is and I wont put a date on it, at some point in time CNA should be able to begin paying down that deferred and ultimately it should all be repaid.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley:  Second question, Diamonds purchase of this rig during the quarter, is there a broader statement one can read from that, vis a vie, Loews general view towards sort of the economic and financial state of the world?
James S. Tisch: This was a terrific rate. Is a terrific rate. It is, as I said in my remarks, if you had ordered it last year, chances are youd pay $750 million for the rig. We were able to buy it for $460 million and were not going to have to wait a long time to put it to work. If you ordered it last year at $750 million you have to wait three years to actually get it on the payroll with the customer, because it takes so long to build. So we just view this as a very attractive purchase for Diamond. In terms of what conclusions can you draw about the shape of whats going on in the offshore drilling business and in the world, it shows what happens, number one, when people are over levered. This was an auction of the rig by the yard because they were not paid by the owner of the rig. And in terms of the world, I think it reflects the fact that people are somewhat concerned that oil prices are down. Now it all matters on your perspective. Oil prices are down from $140, down by 50%, but theyre up by 100% from $35 a barrel I guess in the first quarter of this year. I dont have a forecast on where oil prices are going, but at todays prices of $70 a barrel, my guess is that drilling is still very economic for the major oil companies. So were looking forward to operating the rig at attractive day rates.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley:  And then lastly on HighMount, do you have available to share with us the average price at which youve hedged the natural gas production that you reference for 09 and 2010? And also do you see any realistic scenarios where Loews would have to put additional capital into HighMount excluding sort of an affirmative decision to either significantly ramp up the drilling activity and/or an acquisition?
James S. Tisch: Okay. So the weighted average price of our hedge for the third and fourth quarter of 09 is $7.79 and for 2010 its $6.99. In terms of Loews putting in more cash into HighMount, we have no expectation of having to do that at all. Thats not in our game plan.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andy Baker - Jefferies & Company.
Andy Baker - Jefferies & Company: A couple of questions. First I guess is its next quarter so time for me to ask, $2.4 billion in holding company cash, we have to look at, you know, your desire to sleep at night. We have to look at your requirements of your current portfolio. We have to look at where your stock price is. We look at where assets are. I mean stock prices are back up, maybe asset prices are still coming down. How should we think about over the next, you know, how you might look to deploy this, if at all, over the next, you know, 12 to 18 months?
James S. Tisch: You know, Andy, not only have you dialed into the calls, youve also been listening carefully and I think I cant add anything to it. We are looking for opportunities. We constantly kick tires. But the one thing is that you didnt quote me on and Ill quote myself now is, If theres nothing to do, do nothing. So were constantly looking. We constantly see that cash there. Were constantly thinking about what to do with it. And as soon as we figure it out, well issue a press release.
Andy Baker - Jefferies & Company:  As sort of a take off on that, you know, the market has, you know, for a while seemed to give you credit. Following the spinoff of Lorillard, it seemed to give you credit, you know, for your assets, both public and private. You know you were trading at a nice premium to the value of your public holdings. I mean the market was giving some real value to your private. And it seems like you have sort of whittled away over the course of the past year. And any thoughts on, you know, how important is it to you to reduce the discounts NAV or is the real goal just to increase NAV and let the market ultimately give you credit for that?
James S. Tisch: You know from my perspective its really frustrating. The stock, as you said the stock trades recently as much as $1 below the value of the public pieces. That doesnt take into account the nonpublic pieces. And the nonpublic pieces include our cash net of debt. So $2.4 billion less the $867 million of long term debt. It includes our GP interest in Boardwalk Pipeline. It includes Loews Hotels. It includes our investment in HighMount Exploration. It includes $200 million that we have in debt of Boardwalk Pipeline. And it includes $1.25 billion of CNA preferred stock. So sometimes I feel, when I think about Loews, like the guy whos hawking something on TV saying, But theres more. And theres more. And theres more. And listen, the market is well aware of that but it selects not to pay attention to it. The market is also well aware, Im sure, of although Ill reiterate it now just to make sure, the market is well aware of number one, our quest to build long term value, our track record in doing that. The last number I saw was a 16% compound annual rate of return over the past 49 or 50 years. And if you go back more recently, I saw a figure from 1981 of a 19% compound annual rate of return.  So Im not complaining, because rather than complain what we have done from time to time when the market doesnt recognize the value is repurchase shares. And just to repeat one more time, we have a history of repurchasing shares going back to the seventies and every decade, we have purchased at least 25% of our outstanding shares in that decade. So that in 1970 we started off with the equivalent today of 1.300 billion shares and at last count thats down to about 433 million.  So thank you for that question allowing me to stand up on my soapbox and give a little rant.
Andy Baker - Jefferies & Company:  Thank you. Im right there with you on that soapbox. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates:  Actually following up on that last is that I guess on a previous call you had said that you were super cautious on use of cash because of subsidiary or potential subsidiary needs. And so wanted to get an idea of what you thought subsidiary needs might be at this point.
James S. Tisch: I am hopeful that subsidiary needs from Loews are zero. Thats my hope and expectation.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates:  Would you run your cash portfolio on that basis?
James S. Tisch: Yes. But even if there are needs from the subsidiaries, I mean, were talking a small percent of the $2.4 billion that Loews has.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates:  I guess you didnt repeat that you have asbestos pockets. Should we assume that?
James S. Tisch: Yes, my pockets are still asbestos lined and money doesnt burn a hole in them.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates:  Okay. Great. We wanted to make sure nothing has changed.
James S. Tisch: Nothing has changed.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. Ill now turn the call back over to Mr. Daugherty for any closing remarks.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay and a downloadable mp3 file will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. That concludes todays call.
Operator:  Thank you all for participating in todays Loews second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darren Daugherty  Director of Investor Relations James S. Tisch  President, Chief Executive Officer, Office of the President & Director Peter W. Keegan  Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Dennis G. Millet  HighMount E&P Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney David Adelman  Morgan Stanley Andy Baker  Jefferies & Company [Steven McSorley  Instaned] Ross Haberman  Haberman Fund Chuck Goldblum  Hurley Capital Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates   Welcome to the Loews first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations.
Darren Daugherty :  Welcome to Loews Corporation first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. A copy of the earnings release may be found on our website Loews.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, the Chief Executive Officer of Loews and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews.  Before we begin Id like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the companys statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer which is included in the companys 10K and 10Q filings with the SEC. Id also like to remind you that during this call today we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. After Jim and Peter have discussed our results, we will have a question and answer session. If you would like to ask questions and are listening via the webcast, please use the dial in number to participate, 877-692-2592. Id now like to turn the call over to Loews Chief Executive Officer Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch : Thank you for joining us on our call today. The Wizard of Oz famously said, Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain, and I feel like saying that today with respect to our first quarter earnings. Our subsidiaries are in good shape relative to the current business environment and are doing much better than whats reflected by the earnings reported today.  As you have seen our first quarter results included realized investment losses in CNAs investment portfolio and a significant non-cash impairment charge at HighMount E&P. While these results are disappointing, we remain confident that each of our subsidiaries can and will deliver solid performance over the long term.  In its core property and casualty operation CNA produced another quarter of steady results driven by improving rate trends, better renewal retention and a sub 100% combined ratio. As a sign of CNAs strength and conservatism, its property and casualty operations have now had nine consecutive quarters of favorable reserve development. CNAs investment portfolio continued to be affected by the stress in the financial and credit markets with lead to the realized investment losses for the quarter. The companys end realized loss position includes from year-end 08 and even after taking in to account the quarters realized losses, GAAP shareholders equity and book value per common share increased. Statutory capital also remains strong and CNA holds substantial cash and short term assets.  The improvement in CNAs book value can be attributed to three main factors: first, of course is CNAs operating income; second, the impairments taken in the first quarter were largely attributable to securities that have already been carried at market value on the GAAP and in many instances statutory balance sheets; and third, the market value of corporate end tax exempt fixed income securities generally increased during the quarter. A recovery in the fixed income market continued in the month of April as the market value of CNAs core security, that is excluding limited partnership investments increased by approximately $550 million through last Thursday. Earlier today, on CNAs earnings conference call, Tom Motamed laid out the companys strategic initiatives that have been developed during his first four months on the job. CNA is now moving forward with these strategies to drive top line and bottom line growth and to optimize its property and casualty portfolio. We are very confident in Toms ability to guide CNA and to achieve these goals.  The non-cash impairment charge taken by HighMount E&P relates to the ceiling test that is performed each quarter on all E&P companies using full cost accounting. The ceiling test calculates the value of HighMounts 20 years of reserves at a single point in time using the spot price of natural gas. Given the low price of natural gas at the end of the quarter, HighMount was required to book this impairment charge. Our view however continues to be that natural gas is a good investment over the long term. We choose to buy long live reserves precisely because we cannot accurately predict the short term movement of natural gas prices. At todays energy prices with spot natural gas at about $3.60 per MCF it doesnt make sense to drill or turn on new wells and therefore HighMount has substantially reduced its drilling program. While being mindful of its cash flow for the time being, HighMount will again ramp up its drilling program when natural gas prices recover and drilling once again becomes economic. Revenues this year at HighMount are partially protected due to hedges that were put in place during the past 18 months. Pete Keegan will say more on that in just a few moments. Boardwalk Pipeline reached a significant milestone during the quarter by placing in to service all of its remaining expansion projects. During the commissioning process, Boardwalk discovered some anomalies in a small percentage of pipe drilling and therefore reduced operating pressures and throughput on all of its expansion pipelines. This in turn resulted in decreased first quarter revenues for Boardwalk. It is anticipated that Boardwalk will have additional revenue losses on these pipelines as major sections will need to be temporarily shut down in order to allow for removal and replacement of the affected pipe. Until these pipe anomalies are remediated and the company receives the approval from its regulatory agency [FEMSA] to increase operating pressures, Boardwalk expects reduced revenues from its expansion projects.  Boardwalk is still developing its remediation plan so the final cost to repair the pipe anomalies is not certain. Currently however, Boardwalk estimates that the remaining dollars within the $4.8 billion project cost estimates established over a year ago will be adequate to cover the cost associated with fixing pipe anomalies. Boardwalk does not anticipate a need to increase the overall expansion project budget. Despite these challenging start up issues, Boardwalks expansion projects along with the performance of its legacy assets are generating solid cash flow and have allowed the company to announce a cash distribution of $0.485 per limited partner unit, its 13th consecutive increase. For the first quarter Diamond Offshore reported strong earnings which were in fact its second highest on record. Average day rates were up year-over-year across all rate categories. However, the utilization rate for its floater fleet declined primarily because of down time associated with scheduled ship yard projects and mandatory surveys. Utilization rates were also down for Diamonds jack up fleet owing mainly to weakening demand in the US Gulf of Mexico. Diamonds board of directors recently declared a special quarterly dividend of $1.875 per share in addition to the regular quarter dividend of $0.125 per share. Together these dividends represent a quarterly cash payment for Loews of approximately $140 million. So, as you can see the decline in natural gas prices and the stress in the financial and credit markets combined to impact negatively our first quarter earnings.  Nonetheless, we continue to like the prospects for each of our subsidiaries. With that, Ill turn our call over to Peter Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer.
Peter W. Keegan : Loews reported a consolidated net loss of $647 million in the first quarter of 2009 versus net income of $662 million in the prior year first quarter. The loss for the quarter primarily resulted from HighMount E&Ps $660 million non-cash after tax impairment charge and CNAs realized net investment losses which totaled $310 million after tax and non-controlling interest. Realized investment losses at CNA include the impact of other than temporary impairments of $359 million after tax and non-controlling interest largely due to impairments of some asset backed construction products, some below investment grade corporate securities and our holdings in Bank of America Merrill Lynch non-redeemable preferred stock. The recognition of these impairments and realized losses had only a minor impact on CNAs capital adequacy because for the most part these securities were already held at market prices on CNAs balance sheet. While underlying operational performance was solid, CNAs contribution to Loews net income before investment losses decreased to $140 million for the quarter from $200 million in the prior year first quarter. The decline was primarily due to decreased investment income driven by CNAs larger current cash position coupled with lower short term interest rates as well as losses from limited partnerships.   Property and casualty operations delivered a first quarter combined ratio of 98.2% compared to 98.1% in the first quarter of 2008. Favorable reserve development improved the first quarter combined ration by 3.7 points in 2009 versus 1.3 points in 2008. Diamond Offshore had a strong quarter with its contribution to net income increasing to $163 million from $136 million in the first quarter 2008. Diamonds revenue backlog currently stands at approximately $9.6 billion. HighMount reported a net loss for the first quarter of $641 million versus net income of $47 million in the prior year first quarter. In addition to the non-cash impairment related to the carrying value of natural gas reserves HighMounts operating expenses included a $9 million pre-tax impairment on its tubular goods inventory and a $23 million one-time pre-tax expense to terminate a contract with a drilling rig contractor. Between yearend 2008 when the previous ceiling test was performed and the end of the first quarter, natural gas prices declined from $5.71 per MCF to $3.63. During the quarter HighMount completed 82 gas wells for an aggregate drilling cost of $69 million. HighMount reported natural gas production of 19.7 billion cubic feet at an average realized prices of $7.68 per thousand cubic feet. Natural gas liquids production of 921,000 barrels at an average realized price of $31.08 per barrel and oil production of 103,000 barrels at an average price of $39.07 per barrel. Revenue for the quarter was $175 million. As of March 31st, HighMount had hedges in place for 44% of its estimated total production for the remainder of 2009. Boardwalk Pipelines contribution to net income for the quarter was $22 million versus $39 million in the prior year first quarter. Operating revenue benefited from a $28 million increase in gas transportation revenues primarily from completion of the expansion projects. However Boardwalk estimates that the revenues were approximately $12 million lower than expected as a result of decreased operating pressures in the expansion pipelines. As compared to the prior year first quarter, Boardwalks operating expenses increased by $41 million. Although expansion revenues were lower than anticipated due to the pipe anomaly issues starting in the first quarter, significant expenses associated with expansions such as depreciation, property taxes and interest expense are now being recognized. Also affecting the year-over-year comparison is a one-time benefit of $11 million on a contract settlement gain reported in the first quarter of the prior year.  In the first quarter Loews Hotels reported a net loss of $18 million which reflects the difficult operating environment and a $16 million after tax non-cash impairment charge related to Loews Hotels minority interest in a joint venture of the carrying value of a hotel property. In the first quarter of 2009 revenue per available room declined 26% to $137.56 versus $185.54 in the prior year first quarter. Occupancy declined to 62.3% from 70.8% for the same period. Hotel bookings for 2009 remain significantly below levels seen in recent years and Loews Hotels expects it RevPAR and operating results to be significantly below prior period results in the near term. Holding company cash and investments as of March 31, 2009 totaled $2.5 billion. During the first quarter we received $235 million of dividends from our subsidiaries and we paid $27 million of dividends to our shareholders and now Ill turn the call back over to Darren.
James S. Tisch : Operator, at this time well open it up for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: In just thinking about the second quarter cash trends you committed potentially up to $500 million to Boardwalk and you have $100 million from Diamond, is there two key items to consider?
James S. Tisch : We said back six months or so ago that we would put in up to $1 billion in to Boardwalk and weve reported that weve so far put in $500 million so that leaves $500 million. Thats cash going out. Diamond is cash coming in and that was dividends received of $140 million and we also received $63 million of dividends from Boardwalk and $31 million of dividends from CNA on the preferred shares that we own.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: Okay so the Diamond special has already been received in Q1?
James S. Tisch : Yes, thats right but Diamond also declared another $2 dividend when they reported their first quarter earnings and that will be received in the second quarter.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: What should we think in terms of weve had sort of an active parent capital management program where parent cash and parent cash flow have sort of been used to protect Boardwalk and CNA investments. How many quarters are we away from thinking that you could actually use the money for other purposes?
James S. Tisch : I think the problem is visibility on the economic front. Right now it is very, very difficult to see whats going to happen in our economy and to go back to the Wizard of Oz metaphor, our crystal ball is totally crowded still and we want to make sure that we have the cash and the financial resources so that we do not have to rely on the financial markets for anything and that if we are able to access the financial markets, thats a bonus. Economically, it seems like the economy is improving. My guess is that the money from the stimulus package that was passed in the first quarter is starting to have an effect but I have no idea whether that is ultimately going to be successful or not. I have no idea whether were going to have positive or negative growth in the second half of this year or in 2010. So, our view has been and continues to be that we want to be very, very cautious with the use of our cash to make sure that Loews is in AAA shape and so are our subsidiaries.
Robert Glasspiegel  Langen McAlenney: It seems like the first four months of data points are supportive of your yearend and Q3 commentary that you had a lot of confidence that your corporate investment and structured investments was going to pay off and these securities were going to mature close to par. So, weve had four months of pretty good data points, yet I didnt sense the structure of your comments were any more positive than they were a quarter ago. So, you think there is still some uncertainty?
James S. Tisch : Yes because Im not willing to put out the all clear signal after one quarter of performance especially when the stimulus money and the trillions of dollars that the fed is putting in to the economy may be affecting or distorting the numbers. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Adelman  Morgan Stanley.
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: A couple of things I wanted to ask, first did the charge at HighMount trigger an assessment of goodwill during the quarter?
Peter W. Keegan : Yes, it did but we didnt fail the first step so we didnt have any additional goodwill impairment.
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: Secondly, on Boardwalk is there a broader issue there from an execution and oversight perspective? You have the cost overruns, now there are some anomalies. Can you comment on that issue?
James S. Tisch : This is the first time that this tool has been used I think industry wide for this type of pipe. Had this tool not been used then the Boardwalk pipe after that one joint was replaced would have been put in service and everything would have been hunky dory. But, alas we found these anomalies in the pipe. The question is, is this an industry problem or not and the answer is we dont know. Right now, as I said, we believe that we have the only pipeline that has actually used this tool. But, it is possible that other pipeline companies will have to use this tool and it will be interesting to see what they turn up from their own use of the tool.
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: Is there a risk Jim that because of this delay on being able to use the pipelines that intended throughput that Boardwalk might not be able to fulfill its obligation on any of its existing contractual commitments?
James S. Tisch : No, the Boardwalk management has talked to the customers and they understand exactly what is going on. Theyve been kept fully informed and unfortunately, theres nothing that we can do. We have to get the regulatory approval before we can operate the pipes at full pressure.
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: On the dividend on the CNA preferred investment, am I right that that does not flow through your P&L of Loews.
Peter W. Keegan : Its not income its cash.
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: Then lastly, on the hotel side, are you willing to disclose which particular property triggered the write off, what the circumstances were that led to it and then I have a follow up question.
James S. Tisch : It is our investment in Loews Las Vegas and as you know the entire Las Vegas market, particularly the gaming and entertainment and hotel market is in a severely distressed situation. 
David Adelman  Morgan Stanley: The last question on hotels, out of curiosity, in a more normal RevPAR environment would the economic model of your hotel business be significantly improved in terms of leveraging the fixed cost and the infrastructure and the reservation systems and so forth, if you had three or four more properties is there sort of a magic threshold on the margin where in a more normal RevPAR environment youd see significant improved overall economics or is that really not the case?
James S. Tisch : No, thats generally the case. I dont know that it would make an enormous difference in our income statement for the hotel company but it would spread the central cost over a greater number of hotels.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andy Baker  Jefferies & Company.
Andy Baker  Jefferies & Company: Jim, I wanted to ask you your thoughts on how the supply and demand dynamics are playing out in the natural gas market? I know in the past you talked about as obviously supply dwindles and demand stays where it is or moves a little here or there were going to move to the point where price has to move back up. So, where do you think we are on that? How long do you think that takes to be at a more normalized level?
James S. Tisch : I would tell you it looks like the spot natural gas market is starting to anticipate a change in the supply and demand but so far we havent seen it in any of the statistics. When we look at whats happened is that gas prices peaked in July at about $14.50 an MCF, its now about $3.60 and drilling rigs, gas drilling rigs peaked in September at just over 1,600 units and were now down to about 720 units.  The third important data point is that depletion in the United States is about 30% a year. That means that we are currently producing about 56 billion cubic feet a day of dry gas. If we dont drill any wells for the next year, you would expect US production to be down to about 38 billion cubic feet. So, you can see that depletion is very important and drilling activity is very important.  With that as background, right now notwithstanding the decline in drilling rigs in use, we have not seen a decline yet in production and my guess is that will come pretty soon and could be on the order of somewhere between 500,000 cubic feet a day and a billion cubic feet a day decline per month. The other thing that is happening is that there are declines in consumption primarily industrial consumption for natural gas and so were in a situation where because with declines in consumption and the steady production and also ending the heating season with relatively high inventories that right now we have very high inventories of natural gas. That should all play itself out over the next one to two quarters and I would imagine that within six months we should see a change in the supply demand dynamic. But, before you go out and buy natural gas futures, let me just caution that the market is already anticipating that because the price of gas a year from now is about 60% higher than the spot price of gas today.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Steven McSorley  Instaned].
[Steven McSorley  Instaned]: To continue with the HighMount theme here, Im just trying to understand the dynamic of how these ceiling tests work going forward. Jim or Peter, is it possible if we do see a recovery in natural gas prices that there would be wells that historically had been considered within the proved reserves because it wouldnt be profitable at a price say of $4 or $4.50 per MCF that then would be considered in the active proofed reserves if indeed we saw a recovery with the write downs?
James S. Tisch : Let me put on Dennis Millet who is the CFO of HighMount to answer your question.
Dennis G. Millet : Yes, we did have some of the reserves that actually moved from proven to probably so as the price moves up they would move back in to the proven category.
[Steven McSorley  Instaned]: Then to follow on that, as you have these reserves being produced with a lower depletion expense, margins should actually be higher again with all wells held equal as prices or if prices recover, correct?
Dennis G. Millet :
Dennis G. Millet :
James S. Tisch :
Dennis G. Millet :
Dennis G. Millet :
Dennis G. Millet :
Dennis G. Millet :
James S. Tisch : So a $0.60 decline.
[Steven McSorley  Instaned]: Now, youve curtailed the drilling activity that youve had underway so youre not drilling any new wells in this market. Is it correct to assume that the wells that you have active, youre not capping anything, youre not ceasing production at any active wells?
James S. Tisch : First of all, we havent curtailed all drilling, we are still doing some modest drilling in Michigan and also in Alabama. But, weve ceased drilling in our largest area which is Sonora. Now, we have not shut in production and its not from not wanting to rather weve determined that the damage to the wells by shutting in production is just too great and so its not economic to shut those wells in.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ross Haberman  Haberman Fund.
Ross Haberman  Haberman Fund: A quick question for Peter, Peter the $2.5 billion of cash, did that include the CNA preferred stock?
Peter W. Keegan : No, it does not.
Ross Haberman  Haberman Fund: So that would be in addition to?
Peter W. Keegan : That would be in addition to the $2.5.
Ross Haberman  Haberman Fund: Refresh me was there any debt at the corporate level at the end of the quarter?
Peter W. Keegan : Long term debt was about $865 million in long term debt.
Ross Haberman  Haberman Fund: One question, a final one going back to the hotels, Jim do you think youre ready or looking around more actively today than a quarter or two ago to add to that portfolio over the next couple of quarters?
James S. Tisch : Yes, we would like to if we can find the right properties at attractive prices. My anticipation is that will occur. But, to date we havent seen much evidence of it.
Ross Haberman  Haberman Fund: In that sector are you seeing any real force sellers or distressed sales yet?
James S. Tisch : Not yet.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chuck Goldblum  Hurley Capital.
Chuck Goldblum  Hurley Capital: Just another follow up on Boardwalk if possible, it seems that youll have to or perhaps make some significant repairs in the system. Although its a small portion youll have to be shut down for a fair amount of time. Can you sort of size the revenue risk at Boardwalk for the next quarter or two?
James S. Tisch : No, we really dont know it and were just putting that together right now. I think Pete said that theres $12 million a month of loss revenue. $12 million for the quarter of loss revenue due to the lower pressures that were operating at. Now, when the repairs are actually put in place there will be times when the pipeline has to be shutdown so those are additional loss revenues that we will have to deal with.
Chuck Goldblum  Hurley Capital: When youre looking at the capital construct for Boardwalk are you contemplating what sort of additional capital you might need to cover any additional perhaps larger revenue shortfalls in the second or third quarters as you might have to shutdown pipelines completely for a period of time?
James S. Tisch : I think the company has a capital plan and theyre very comfortable with that. 
Chuck Goldblum  Hurley Capital: Theres no capital increase contemplated as a result of the changes here?
James S. Tisch : No, and like we said we anticipate that the cost to do these repairs will still be less than the $4.8 billion total capital cost for the project.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: Regarding the cash, can you size potentially how much you could need if I guess the recession continues or even gets worse for a while or conversely is there any amount of this $2.5 billion that you feel is excess for your subsidiary needs?
James S. Tisch : We made the point that we would put up to $1 billion in to Boardwalk and $500 of that has been already spent or announced and our anticipation is that beyond that our subsidiaries wont need any financial resources directly from Loews.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: So just to [inaudible] theres potentially $2 billion that you feel comfortable that you could spend on other investments today?
James S. Tisch : No, what I said is we dont anticipate that that $2 billion will be required by our subsidiaries.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: And why wouldnt you feel comfortable given the right opportunity in utilizing it then?
James S. Tisch : Because feeling comfortable that it wont be needed by our subsidiaries is different than being damn sure that it wont be needed by our subsidiaries. The goal here is to make sure that we always have enough financial resources in order to take care of our own family before we look to go out and adopt another baby.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: Regarding Boardwalk with these anomalies, are these anomalies, these  inch variations only showing up in the new pipe or are they showing up in existing? And, is it possible that you might have to or someone might have to replace a lot of pipe?
James S. Tisch : From what I heard the people at Boardwalk are not concerned that old pipe will have to be replaced. In the past four or five years pipe that has been used generally by the industry for these types of projects has been very strong high temp powered pipe that is called X70. The legacy system of Boardwalk does not use that X70 pipe.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: It uses something better or worse?
James S. Tisch : Different.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: On CNA, where are we on the cycle? What are you seeing in pricing on new insurance? Has it continued to decline?
James S. Tisch : We are seeing pricing declining at a less rapid rate. So, the second derivative is positive. We are hopeful that over time well actually see price improvement. Whats happened is typically in a cycle capital gets depleted by losses and natural disasters. That hasnt occurred this time but what has occurred is that capital has been severely depleted as a result of the financial markets. As you know there are some insurers who are in some degree of financial stress and we are hopeful that with all that stress going around, that the industry will be able to get some price increases and that CNA will be able to number one, increase its market share and also get those price increases as well.
Operator:  At this time there are no further questions. At this time I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Daugherty for closing remarks.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay and a downloadable MP3 file will be available on our website Loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes todays call.
Operator:  This concludes todays Loews first quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-09 11:00:00) =====
:
Executives: Darren Daugherty  Director of Investor Relations James S. Tisch  Chief Executive Officer and President Peter W. Keegan  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: David Edelman  Morgan Stanley Andy Baker  Jefferies & Company Stephen Velgot  Fig Partners, LLC Joshua Jones - Robeco Boston Partners
Operator: To welcome everyone to the Loews' Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session.  (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. A copy of the earnings release may be found on our website, lowes.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, the Chief Executive Officer of Loews', and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews'. Before we begin, I'd like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer, which is included in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC. I'd also like to remind you that during this call today, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. After Jim and Peter have discussed our results, we'll have a question and answer session. If you would like to ask questions and are listening through the webcast, please use the dial in number to participate, 877-692-2592. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch: Thank you John and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. As you have seen in our press release this morning, Loews reported a $958 million loss from continuing operations for the fourth quarter and a $182 million loss for the full year. Both of these figures include realized investment losses at CNA and non-cash impairment charges at HighMount Exploration & Production. While these results come as a disappointment, we are fully confident in each of our businesses and their ability to deliver solid earnings over the longer term. Let me quickly review the performance of our subsidiaries. CNA is performing well in its core property and casualty business, with its continued focus on underwriting discipline, claims efficiency, and expense management. In its core property and casualty operation, which includes specialty and standard lines, CNA reported a combined ratio of 89.1 in the fourth quarter, and was aided by 11.8 points of favorable reserve development. The full year combined ratio was 98.0, including 4.4 points of favorable development, offset by 5.7 points of catastrophe losses. CNA's other key operating metrics of premium, rate, and retention in its core property and casualty operations all reflect the company's solid market position. CNA's investment portfolio has been bruised, but its capital position and the reserves are solid. CNA continues to generate significant positive cash flow and possesses a high degree of liquidity, including at year end, more than $500 million in short-term investments at the CNA holding company level. Furthermore, liquidity is not an issue for CNA's insurance companies because of their strong operating cash flow and because their investment assets and liabilities are well matched in terms of duration. CNA has the ability and the intention to hold it's available for sale unrealized loss securities until price recovery, or until they mature. When these securities recover in value or ultimately mature, CNA's book value should show a commensurate increase. Tom Motamed began his new role as CEO of CNA on January 1st of this year. When it was announced that Steve Lilienthal was retiring, we never could have imagined the state of the economy and the financial markets that Tom would have to face in the first day on the job. We were glad, however, to have someone of Tom's caliber to step in and building upon the successful legacy left by Steve. Since HighMount Exploration & Production began operations as a Loews subsidiary on July 31st of '07, we have already been through an entire natural gas pricing cycle, with natural gas prices going from $7.00 to $14.00 and now back down to having a $4.00 handle. This massive pricing shift over a short period of time illustrates why we chose to buy long lived reserves, because we cannot accurately predict the short-term movement of natural gas prices. The non-cash charges taken by HighMount will lead to goodwill impairment and ceiling tests that are performed periodically by all E&P companies that utilize the full cost accounting method; because the ceiling test uses pricing as of December 31st, it represents a somewhat extreme valuation metric that is taken at one point in time. Despite these two non-cash impairments, our fundamental thesis that over the long-term, natural gas is a good investment remains unchanged. Not withstanding HighMount's significant gas price hedges in place for '09, with energy prices at their current depressed levels, HighMount plans to cut back on its drilling program. Our reserves remain in place, however, and HighMount can again boost its drilling when natural gas prices recover to more economic levels. Boardwalk finished the year by posting good fourth quarter results and announcing continued significant progress on its remaining expansion projects, all of which are in service and flowing GAAP. Final completion is scheduled over the next few months. These pipeline expansions transport natural gas out of the prolific shale and other unconventional [plays] in Texas, Oklahoma, and Arkansas. As the gas flow through these new pipelines ramps up, there is a positive impact on revenue and operating cash flow for Boardwalk. In October of last year, we announced our willingness to invest up to $1 billion to fund the completion of Boardwalk's financed expansion projects, and subsequent to that, we invested approximately $500 million in Boardwalk common units. To finish planned construction projects, Boardwalk now estimates that its remaining financing requirements will be less than $500 million and that the majority of these unfunded capital expenditures can be financed by issuing debt securities. There are signs that the capital markets are beginning to thaw, and we are hopeful that Boardwalk will be able to raise this capital on its own. If, however, the terms demanded from the public markets prove unacceptable, then our commitment still stands to fund the remainder of these attractive projects. We know and understand these projects well and we continue to expect that they will generate significant cash flow for years to come. With good cash flow from its expanding asset base, Boardwalk recently announced the 12th consecutive increase in its cash distribution to $0.48 per unit for the fourth quarter. Diamond Offshore achieved record earnings for the full year, thanks to high utilization rates and record day rates for its offshore drilling rigs. Hampering our enthusiasm is weakening demand, brought about by the fall in oil and natural gas prices. However, Diamond's existing contract backlog of just over $10 billion should help to mitigate the impacts of softening demand in the marketplace. After making a number of sizable investments in our subsidiaries during the year, Loews finished 2008 with $2.3 billion of cash and investment; and only $866 million of debt at the holding company level. Loews has maintained an ultra conservative financial posture for the past year and a half since the first signs of economic trouble started to appear on the horizon. Said another way, we remain hunkered down during this time of great uncertainty, when nobody knows when or to what extent we will see economic recovery. Fortunately for Loews, with our liquid balance sheet and conservative capital structure, we are well positioned to weather the current economic crisis, as is each of our subsidiary companies, and with that I will now turn the call over to Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer, Pete.
Peter W. Keegan: Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. For the fourth quarter, Loews reported a loss from continuing operations of $2.20 per share and for the full year a loss from continuing operations of $.0.38 per share. Our GAAP earnings of $9.05 per share for the full year include the non-cash gain related to the Lorillard separation and the after-tax gain from the sale of Bulova. Loews interest in CNAs realized investment losses, after taxed and minority interest was $283 million for the quarter and $756 million for the full year. The losses include other than temporary impairments of $377 million for the quarter and $865 million for the full year. These impairments relate primarily to corporate and other taxable bonds, asset backed bonds and non-redeemable preferred equity securities. CNA contributed a net loss of $15 million to Loews net operating income for the quarter, versus income of $201 in the fourth quarter 2007. For the full year, CNA contributed operating income of $488 million to Loews net operating results, versus $950 million in 2007. For the quarter, the decline in operating income primarily reflects lower investment income, which includes significant losses from limited partnership investments. For the year, the reduction in income from continuing operations primarily reflects lower investment income, as well as an increase in catastrophe losses of $169 million after tax and minority interest, versus the prior year. Diamond Offshores contribution to net income for the fourth quarter increased to $137 million from $76 million in the prior year fourth quarter. For the full year 2008 Diamonds net income contribution increased to $612 million from $396 million in 2007. HighMount reported a fourth quarter loss of $717 million, which includes after-tax non-cash charges of $440 million related to the carrying value of HighMounts proved reserves and a $314 million charge related to goodwill impairment. As Jim stated, HighMount performs a ceiling test each quarter as do all E&P companies utilizing full cost accounting.  Additionally, HighMount normally performs an annual goodwill impairment test. While this is typically performed as of April 30th each year, the ceiling test impairment represented a triggering event, requiring HighMount to perform an interim period goodwill impairment test as of December 31st. Using the market approach to calculate its enterprise value and the fair value of balance sheet items, it was determined that HighMounts goodwill was impaired. One result of the write-down of the carrying value of reserves will be a reduction in future depletion depreciation and amortization expense, which will favorably impact profitability on a forward-going basis. As of last Friday, February 6th, natural gas prices had declined from year-end 2008 levels by approximately 15%. If HighMount had calculated the ceiling test as of December 31st, using current pricing levels and holding all other assumptions constant, then HighMount would have incurred an additional after-tax ceiling test impairment of approximately $375 million.  Im not attempting to project any amount for a possible first quarter ceiling test impairment since a number of variables in that calculation can only be determined as of March 31st. However, if natural gas prices remain at current levels, a first quarter ceiling test impairment is possible. HighMounts production volumes for the quarter were as follows. Natural gas production was 19.6 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $7.66 per 1000 cubic feet. Natural gas liquids production was 851,000 barrels at an average realized price of $42.14 per barrel. And oil production was 91,500 barrels at an average prize of $56.23 per barrel.  Revenue for the quarter and the year were $180 million and $770 million. As of December 31st, HighMount had hedges in place for 55% of natural gas production during 2009. At year end, total proved reserves were $2.2 trillion cubic feet equivalent, down from approximately 2.5 trillion cubic feet in the previous year. The majority of the decline in reserves relates to lower natural gas prices as of December 31st. Conversely, if natural gas prices rise, this would similarly increase proved reserves. Boardwalks contribution to Loews fourth quarter net income was $27 million versus $32 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. For the full year, Boardwalk contributed $125 million to Loews net income versus $106 million in 2007, reflecting the additional revenue from completed expansion projects. Loews Hotels' reported net income increased to $4 million in the fourth quarter 2008 versus $7 million in the fourth quarter 2007. Net income for the full year was $40 million versus net income of $36 million in 2007. Average room rates for the fourth quarter decreased to $251.52 from $269.74 in the prior years fourth quarter, while occupancy decreased to 66% from 70%, resulting in an overall 12.3% decrease in revenue per available room. The severe downturn in the economy has caused cutbacks in leisure, business, and group travel, putting the entire lodging industry under pressure, which we expect to continue in 2009. Net investment losses from Loews trading portfolio were $78 million for the quarter versus gains of $22 million in the prior year fourth quarter. For the full year, investment losses were $33 million versus gains of $194 million in 2007. These declines were primarily driven by mark-to-market losses in our equity trading portfolio, a lower cash and investment balance during the year resulting primarily from investments in subsidiaries, and lower realized interest rates on money market instruments. At year-end 2008, holding company cash and investments totaled $2.3 billion. During the year, we spent $1.25 billion to purchase CNAs senior preferred stock, $700 million to purchase Boardwalk Class B Units and $500 million to purchase Boardwalk common units. We paid out $219 million of dividends and we received $1.263 billion of dividends from our subsidiaries, including $491 million received from Lorillard. We also received $263 million in conjunction with the sale of Bulova. And now Ill turn the call back over to Darren.
Darren Daugherty: Operator, at this time well open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question is from the line of David Edelman  Morgan Stanley.
David Edelman  Morgan Stanley: I just had one question which was, Jim, when you look at CNAs fourth quarter performance and the marks that theyve taken, is that performance within the range of expectations you internally had when you sized the preferred investment that you made, the billion and a quarter? And therefore, whats the likelihood or the reasonable likelihood of CNA needing more capital support from Loews?
James S. Tisch: I am certainly hopeful that CNA will not need any more support from Loews. The investment was made in mid-November. The markets bottomed on December 15th and actually starting moving up between December 15th and the end of the year, and when you look at all of our capital ratios, they are indicative of a company that is in fine shape. So I cannot imagine the credit markets are going to such a level that  let me start over the credit markets today are at extraordinary levels in high yield, in mortgage-backed securities and its difficult for me to see them going dramatically lower from here.  I guess anything is possible, but right now if you think that stocks are attractive, then you ought to take a look at whats going on in the credit markets because theres enormous amounts of value to be had there.
David Edelman  Morgan Stanley: And then if I could just a second thing perhaps for Peter. Can you go through on page 8 of the release, the $123 million net income loss  the investment income loss in the fourth quarter  the principal components of that again are?  
Peter W. Keegan:  Its all across the portfolio. The biggest piece of it is in our  we had less cash, one. We took a hit on our equity portfolio which at the beginning of the quarter was around $500 million and took a decline. Those are the two single biggest factors in the quarter. 
David Edelman  Morgan Stanley:  Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Andy Baker Jeffries & Company. 
Andy Baker  Jeffries & Company: Just wondering if you could give us a little  some of your thoughts on the hotel industry going forward? Obviously, you talked about the tough market, so can you tell us a little bit how youre reacting to the tough markets, both in the short run and then how you think the best way to react to these tough markets is over the long run?
James S. Tisch:  Yes, well, first of all I would tell you that Congress has done a great job of killing the resort hotel business with the way theyve criticized the number of financial firms from having conferences. In fact, I just heard this morning of another investor conference that was canceled by another major investment firm, because of fear of being criticized by members of Congress.  So the current outlook for the business is certainly not good. As for Loews, we are  we have just as with our other businesses, we are hunkering down and cutting expenses where we can and we feel confident that our business, which is not highly levered at all, will get through this economic crisis.  We are also expect that there will be a number of attractive hotel properties that are not able to make it through this economic storm that were in, and we will be looking to see what kind of attractive property acquisitions we can make in this environment.  We believe that the world is cyclical and that when things go down, at some point they hit bottom and they go back up again, and right now we have the cash and the cash flow at the holding company level in order to be able to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves. 
Andy Baker  Jeffries & Company:  If I could just drill down there a little bit. At the hotels  I mean is there  what sort of margin improvement do you think there is available to you in  from cost cutting measures alone? Is this something meaningful or is this more of a  the economy is largely going to drive this story and...
James S. Tisch:  No, the economy is definitely going to drive this story, definitely. Its  the hotel business is primarily a fixed cost business, because youve got to keep the lights on and the restaurants open and you have to keep people at the front desk, but nonetheless, you still have to have a focus on all of your costs and so thats exactly what were doing and my guess is its what just about every other hotel operator is doing. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question is from the line of Steve Velgot Fig.
Stephen Velgot  Fig Partners, LLC:  Yes, a couple questions on High Mount. Could you give us an idea of what youre thinking about for the drilling program, where prices are today and then I had a follow up question about the assessment you do in terms of valuation whether  is that something thats typically done on a quarterly basis or more is it just extraordinary that you'd be considering looking at it again first quarter?
James S. Tisch:  Well, first lets talk about where we are in our drilling program. Currently, spot natural gas prices are at about $4.83 for March deliveries. That price is below the level that is economic for our nation as a whole to replace the gas that is being consumed, and so, what youve seen is a very significant decline in gas drilling rigs. Theyve gone from about $1,600 now down in a straight line to about $1,100 and they are still dropping. Analysts believe that they will probably have to go to $800 before the supply and demand equation changes. The good news is that there is a fairly rapid response to a decline in drilling rigs.  The depletion rate in the United States is somewhere between 25 and 30%, so if all drilling were to stop, production would decline in the United States by about 30% over the coming year, so we need to do drilling just to maintain production, and my guess is that in order for us to  us as a nation to have enough incentive for people to drill, we need gas prices that are about $2.00 to $2.50 higher than the current levels. With that said there still are a few areas like Haynesville, where even at sub $5.00 gas its still profitable to drill.  With respect to HighMount, we dont operate in Haynesville and we dont operate in any areas where on a fully allocated basis it makes sense to drill. So we are in the process of reducing the number of rigs that we have working for us, especially in Sonora, which is our largest field and were going to take a time out, assess the situation, and then well  as the market improves, well begin to drill once again. 
Stephen Velgot  Fig Partners, LLC: Okay and then just on the question of valuation and assessment, whether you would typically do that on more of annual basis or is the idea that there could potentially be another write-down first quarter. Is that something extraordinary or would you normally look at the valuation on a quarterly basis?
Peter W. Keegan:  Ceiling tests you would look at it quarterly; the good will normally annually, but if you had a ceiling test impairment in any given quarter, you'd also probably look at the goodwill in that quarter.
Stephen Velgot  Fig Partners, LLC:  Okay.
Peter W. Keegan: So as I indicated in my comments, if gas prices stay where they are, which are 15% lower than where they were on December 31st, at least where they were last Friday, then it is possible that wed have a ceiling test write-down in the first quarter. 
Stephen Velgot  Fig Partners, LLC: Right and then I suppose its possible that if natural gas were back to $7.00 or $8.00, that those assets could be written up? 
Peter W. Keegan:  They wouldnt be written up but youd  but the likely result is you'd have more proved reserves at the end of year because youd have more wells that were economically producible. 
Stephen Velgot  Fig Partners, LLC:  Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  You have a follow up question from the line of Andy Baker Jeffries & Company. 
Andy Baker  Jeffries & Company:  Hi, thanks, just wanted to circle back to Boardwalk Pipeline. I mean were talking about another quarter of increasing the dividends. Just remind us about your thoughts on the value of a general partnership interest as those dividends particularly where youre sort of triggers are that increase your percentage of the free cash flow?
James S. Tisch:  Well we are currently receiving incentive payments  incentive distribution rights on our general partnership interest. Were at the 25% level and we get to the 50% level once the distribution gets to $0.525. 
Andy Baker  Jeffries & Company:  And do you see their current capital needs, obviously the increases have slowed over time, increases to their dividend, how do you  how long do you see their current extension and in capital needs negatively impacting their ability to raise the dividend more quickly?
James S. Tisch:  Well the capital program is just about over. As I said in my comments, Boardwalk had in place a $4.8 billion capital program that we think that the company will need to raise less than $500 million, and that at least half of that amount that it needs to raise would be equity. So, my sense is that there should not be significant pressure on the thought from its need to raise equity over the coming quarters.  Beyond that, Boardwalk is looking at a few different opportunities that should serve to increase its cash flow, but will not require significant amounts of capital in order to be able to do that. So, I mean I don't know if you're asking when will the dividends for Boardwalk accelerate from here, I don't know that I can answer that for you, but I can tell you that there are opportunities for Boardwalk, number one, and number two, that the weight of equity offerings has been dramatically mitigated. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Josh Jones - Robeco Boston Partners.
Joshua Jones:  Related to HighMount, was absent price-related revisions was your reserve replacement greater than 100% last year?
- Robeco Boston Partners:  Related to HighMount, was absent price-related revisions was your reserve replacement greater than 100% last year?
James S. Tisch:  I think it was about 100%.
Joshua Jones: Okay and so of the 300 BCF decline, was a lot of that related to proved undeveloped locations, or was it some proved developed?
- Robeco Boston Partners: Okay and so of the 300 BCF decline, was a lot of that related to proved undeveloped locations, or was it some proved developed?
James S. Tisch: Could we get back to you a little later on that?
Joshua Jones: Sure. That would be great. Thank you very much.
- Robeco Boston Partners: Sure. That would be great. Thank you very much.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the floor back over to Mr. Darren Daugherty for any closing remarks.
Darren Daugherty:  Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay and a downloadable MP3 file will be available on our Website loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator:  Thank you for participating in today's Loews' Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darren Daugherty  Director of Investor Relation James S. Tisch  Chief Executive Officer and President Peter W. Keegan  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: David Edelman - Morgan Stanley Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Andy Baker - Jefferies & Company [Stephen McPhilemy] - [Instanet] Michael Millman - Soleil Securities 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Darren Daugherty  Director of Investor Relation: Thank you Christie, good morning everyone. Welcome to Loews Corporations' third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. A copy of the earnings release maybe found on our website loews.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, the Chief Executive Officer of Loews and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. Before we begin, I would like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflects circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer, which is included in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC. I would also like to remind you that during this call today we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. After Jim, Peter have discussed their results, we will have a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask questions and are listening via the website please use the dial-in number to participate, 877-692-2592. And finally, I would like to remind you that on November 1st in New York Loews will post its 2008 investor meeting which will include presentations by Loews Senior Management as well as the senior management of our subsidiary companies. If you have not already register to attend please do this now and we can send you registration information. I will now turn the call over to Loews Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch  Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you gentlemen. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on our call. For the fourth quarter the excellent results of Diamond Offshore, HighMount, EMTV and Boardwalk and the auto master offset the catastrophe losses suffered by CNA primarily from Hurricane's 2008 or the future events hurricane in the financial market that contributed to CNA's real life investment. While our fourth quarter results no doubt disappoint all of us I want to emphasize that each of our subsidiaries is fundamentally fall, none of our businesses faces a liquidity problem, and holding company will process a strong record and flexible balance sheet. Today we announced the lowest time to purchase $11/4 billion of a new class of CNA non-building cumulative senior preferred stock. Our investment will have CNA's strengthen, the statutory capital and the full support of insurance subsidiaries continent supplies of the company which had been adversely impact by the ongoing disruption in the capital markets. Here though we use $1 billion of the proceeds to increase the statutory surplus of continental casualty and remaining $250 million will augment CNA's already rolled out holding company liquidity. Those expect to complete the purchase of the new proposed stock before the end of the year. With addition to CNA's Capital base while mandatory will provide strong support to the company during this period of unprecedented churn off in the financial markets. The underlying performance of CNA's core property and casualty insurance operations with our generic third quarter as measured by at 91.3% combined ratio before catastrophe losses. Here we have maintained the focus on disciplined underwriting and expense management which is subject well in softening insurance markets. We also launched today that the Loews' Board of Directors have approved a commitment of purchase from both our pipeline up to $1 billion of equity securities which will fully fund the completion of its pipeline expansion projects. Loews will provide equity capital the board want you to spend that external funding is otherwise unavailable on reasonable terms. Well we want to anticipate that we will require a portion of this equity capital prior to the MNA yield and the balance during the first half of '09. We continue to expect that the expansion projects once completed over the next two quarters will produce strong operating and financial results. As a reminder these projects transport natural gas from politic shale and other non-conventional play in the Gulf Coast and Mid Continent producing areas. These are attractive projects that will put Boardwalk in a strong cash generating position for US economy. With our large net cash balance and continually healthy cash distributions from our subsidiaries Loews is in a strong position to whether these dysfunctional markets. We finished all knowing that we are able, if necessary to help out our subsidiaries under the Loews financial umbrella.
 : I would like to take a moment to thank Steve Lilienthal for his almost 7 years of master forward leadership at CNA. Here though we have been beyond fortunate to have had Steve at the helm. All will miss Steve; we are delighted that such a smooth strength of showing transition is taking place. And with that I will now turn over our call Pete Keegan, our Chief Financial Officer. Pete.
Peter W. Keegan - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. For the first quarter Loews reported a loss from continuing operations of $0.33 per share, as compared to income from continuing operations of $0.58 per share from the prior year third quarter. The loss for the quarter primarily resulted from CNA's realized net investment losses which totaled 379 million after tax and minority interest versus losses of 33 million in the prior year quarter. These losses included the impact of other than temporary impairments of 341 million after tax and minority interest driven by credit deterioration within the equity securities and corporate and other tax or bond sectors. CNA's contribution allows its net income before investment losses decreased to 76 million from 189 million in the prior year third quarter. While underwriting operational performance was solid, catastrophe losses totaled a 151 million for the quarter after tax and minority interest. Also negatively impacting CNA's results was the decline in investment income primarily reflecting losses from limited partnership investments. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income increased to 145 million from 95 million in the third quarter of 2007 and was driven by increased day rates for mid-water and deep-water semi-submersible rigs along with higher average utilization. Diamond's revenue backlog $11 billion, which includes the recently announced three-year contract totaling $452 million for Diamonds semisubmersible rigs Ocean value. Last week Diamond's Board of Directors declared a special quarterly dividend of $1.75 per share in addition to the regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per share. Together these dividends represent a cash payment to loads of approximately $140 million. In the third quarter, HighMount reported net income of $47 million on revenues of 200 million. Net income of $19 million in the prior year third quarter represented only a partial quarter as HighMount did not commenced operations until July 31, 2007. HighMount reported natural gas production of 19.7 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $7.85 per 1000 cubic feet. Natural gas liquids production of 805,900 barrels at an average realized prize of $56.41 per barrel. And oil production of 86,600 barrels at an average prize of $114.48 per barrel. During the quarter, HighMount completed 117 gas wells at a success rate of 98% and for an aggregate drilling cost of $93 million. Boardwalk Pipelines contribution to net income for the quarter was 31 million versus 19 million in the prior year third quarter. It was also benefited from higher gas transportation revenues generated by Boardwalks East Texas to Mississippi Expansion and Southeast Expansion projects as well as from higher interruptible service. Boardwalk has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.475 per common and subordinated unit and $0.30 per FASB unit, which represents a cash payment to Loews of approximately $49 million. Loews Hotels' net income increased to 6 million from 4 million in the third quarter of last year. Revenue per available room was up slightly to $180.59 from $180.10 in the prior years third quarter. For the third quarter, net investment losses from Loews portfolio totaled 57 million versus investment income of 39 million in the prior year third quarter. As of September 30, 2008, holding company's cash and investments totaled $4.1 billion. During the third quarter, we received $177 million of dividends from our subsidiaries and we paid $27 million of dividends to shareholders. After making investments in Boardwalk and CNA this quarter described by Jim, Loews expects to have in excess of $2 billion in holding company cash at year-end 2008. I will now turn the call back over to Darren.
Darren Daugherty - Director IR: Thank you, Pete. Operator, at this point, we will open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions]. Your first question will come from David Edelman with Morgan Stanley.
David Edelman: Good morning Jim and Pete.
James Tisch: Hello, good morning.
David Edelman: Jim, a few things first. Given that this is the holding companys second large cash injection into  or support of CNA, and probably the last six or seven years, does that cause you at realizing that its an unprecedented period of time to sort of rethink the long-term commitment to that company and to that industry?
James Tisch: Thats not my point, you said it, these are unprecedented times and in these unprecedented times where you have bomb spreads, blowout to unimaginable levels where you have enormous numbers of  amounts of dislocation in all financial markets, what I think is very simply that CNA needs to get through this period and that on the other side, others, there is a very sound and sound business there. Remember, CNA stock probably all of a year ago traded at around $50 a share. Todays its under $50 and I believe that while this financial crisis is over that CNA stock will again be very very  trading at a very attractive valuation. There is  when we strengthened the capital five or six years ago that was a period where in short operations were problematic. That has been totally flexed the insurance company had a combined ratio before catastrophe losses of under 92%. So what it first is to me is that the insurance operation is not broken and the key to provide any financial market is just to have the ability in the role of all to outlast it and we have said before and I say again that CNA is a strong company, Loews is there to support it will be and that is the primary that we want to do at this point in time.
David Edelman: And the processes behind the preferred investment being so much larger than the actual loss in the quarter for CNA as what?
James Tisch:  It is just to be a 100% sure that CNA will have all the capital that is need. Well this is a permanent financing because this is preferred stock with no maturity date. So, in one sense it is permanent financing. But, we also are hopeful that it will be a more like financing that CNA's capital were when the market comes back to some sanity be in a position where it can return with cash to Loews. When Loews put in cash previously into CNA again we got lot of this back in the form of cash and some of it back in the form of stock, but I am hopeful that the we will get this investment back soon rather than later.
David Edelman:  And just in the side Jim, do you think of that investment at all as rather than having Loews invest capital in market dislocations have CNA doers or is that, its really size ride for CNA period full stop?
James Tisch:  Its  I am not sure .
David Edelman:  In other words, all the dislocations in the market, at the holding company however you could elect to seize on some opportunities in your own investment portfolio. So is there element in which you sort of look at this as an opportunity for CNA to take advantage to do that rather than the holding company?
Peter Keegan:  Were going to let CNA invest primarily in the financial market, they have a bigger portfolio enough, they have like a $38 billion or $49 billion portfolio and those investment historically have been done in CNA and we are going to keep them there.
David Edelman:  Okay. And then looking at the likelihood of Loews contributing up to billion dollars at Boardwalk, what is Loews is? Would Loews be a supportive of Boardwalk doing a equity capital raise with -- in the public market at something within the range of its current limited partnership trading price?
Peter Keegan:  Can you repeat that again?
David Edelman:  Boardwalk had an option, I mean, would you be supportive of Boardwalk doing a equity capital raise not with Loews but with third party at something close to its current stock price?
Peter Keegan:  Absolutely, but the problem is very simply that is we announced that Boardwalk was going to raise $500 million in the fourth quarter of this year, as stock would probably trade down to 15,16 or 17, its a crazy valuation, even at $20 a share, I think its a crazy valuation, it yields close between 9% and 10% at these levels, and thats basically all tax free because shareholders get the cash distribution which is the yields, we also get a attach deduction which is almost equal to the amount of cash distribution. So its a phenomenal investment, and we are only here at these values I believe because there is enormous liquidation taking place in the MLP marketplace, combined with the fact that as you  if any MLP tries to access the market. For liquidity the market exacts in a enormous, enormous price, and what is Loews saying is that we are vowing to step in front of the market and buy these securities because we think that is all attractive.
David Edelman:  Okay. And then lastly Jim given these two likely capital commitments what are the fact or ramification for Loews as it relates to its capacity or interest or willingness to either do a large share repurchase to make at the holding company level a large acquisition, as a fact to the matters that probably off the table for some period of time?
Peter Keegan: I am not going to take anything off the table. I will just tell you that we managed this company conservatively, we werent having the cash, we still have very significant cash flow coming into those, all the cash thats going out is not going out tomorrow. So we are  our cash balances will reach a minimum of somewhere $2 and $2.5 billion but we will grow throughout the year, and so, we are constantly looking for the best ways to build shareholder value for all shareholders combined with my desire to seek what it might.
David Edelman: Right. Okay, thank you very much.
Peter Keegan: Our pleasure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney.
Robert Glasspiegel: Good morning and you get both names right. What was behind you are taking Jimmy investing preferred money in the CNA with  why not the minority stubs would have cost third the valuation?
James Tisch: I note the minority steps would not have, first of all was not a valid capital for CNA which was the primary goal. Second, we think that CNA being public is very, very important. I think its good for CNA, I think its good for Loews, if CNA werent public all the others are probably be complaining to us but there is not transparency to Loews, we dont whats being our subsidiary over largest balance sheet. So we like the fact that CNA is public, that is transparent that anybody can see whats going on and that no doubt think the good with the bad, shareholders of loan were able to compute on a unit by minute basis with some of parts valuation of Loews. Now my view is  we like said the good with the bad is that -- usually thats the good thing, and the goal like today was the CNA stock to reinitiating with McKenzie with this levels, it just means that some of the parts is also at Kenzie levels, but we are viewing that nonetheless.
Robert Glasspiegel: I am not sure by  I respect your judgment and certainly well thought, I think I might gribble with both of your pulling, very  CNA was a stub, I would submit that the strength of the lowest pair would be more tentatively factored into the ratings I will have to make sure happily which is certainly able to operate with more leverage insurance sides in the loan companies. More Subsequently your CNA stock you say is growing from $50 to 1450, unfortunately stock measure really the influence reality and, I mean, thats got to be a little bit alarming to distributors, employees, management, and if the craziness of this market continue, I pushed and pull the stock liabilities nine months from now, there is point were having a trade public a real operating new sense, you disagree it?
James Tisch: You know, yes, I am not going to contemplate CNA trading a $5 a share.
Robert Glasspiegel: I dont mean the pulling out there?
Peter Keegan: CNA has a strong, strong business and I am just confident that having trade publically is in the long term goal of low shareholder and CNA shareholder and I dont want to do anything based on some crazy fighting is taking place over the short term.
Robert Glasspiegel: You have seen the thing that there is, that CNA is substantially under, I know they heard to make such strong statements.
James Tisch: Let it your own earnings valuation for CNA what you are trading at? Fixed times earnings?
Robert Glasspiegel: Yep.
James Tisch: Okay.
Robert Glasspiegel: No, there is a lot of chief stuck, I mean, your stock is definitely showing at stress price level, but which makes me wonder, why, putting 10% return is better than buying the government, but I hear your argument, I am not sure I totally agree them. Any general comments on what youve done on the investment portfolio and the trading portfolio are you increasing the risk, de-risk?
James Tisch: Weve hunk again anything that we buy, we buy with the expectation that words comes to words we hold to maturity. We have  we have two different classes of assets, we have assets in our asset liability account which is a matched portfolio which reflect scheduled payments that we have and that has a duration of I think 12 to 13 minutes, that has a significant mark-to-market loss in it, but there is also a corresponding unrealized mark-to-mark gain in the liability, we rated to those assets. So I dont worry more about that mark-to-market loss. In our asset account we have a duration of about 5 mins, that represents about 70% of the portfolio, thats got a five year duration, so the duration being full short is providing us to be a significant amount of cash flow on a monthly basis to reinvest in the marketplace, and so, we find that we are able to buy municipals 10 year, municipals note who are able to buy over five year. We are able of A rated corporate bonds at a 100% of  100% twice the means of government bonds, these are absolutely a demand type return that you are able to found in the investment portfolio and we are buying good quality merchandise, but words comes to comes we would be happy to own and show the initial. But they definitely have this mark-to-market loss, what it means is that there are great investment opportunities in the marketplace and we are taking advantage of it?
Robert Glasspiegel: So its the  you are increasing the risk and the portfolio and the margin slowly or?
Peter Keegan: No, no we are buying only very high quality merchandise.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay.
Peter Keegan: We dont have to sellout the notice against good returns.
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. I guess I understand what your point is. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Andy Baker with Jefferies & Company.
Andy Baker: Hi guys. Most of my questions actually were asked by the first two callers. I just wanted to make sure, I dont know if I heard the answer to the question of  in terms of your investment in CNA why 10% preferred of the stock is trading a third of where it wasnt you think, your significant gains to the upside on these comment, when I was  one of our new common share and just get the full benefit of the stock depreciation, I was still providing the equity to the capitals of the company?
James Tisch: There are two reasons. #1) because our loans would like to get this money doc at some point in time, and so, when CNA capital is strengthened we are hopeful that we bond this CNA well, we are paying this preferred stock so that they can pay dividend on a common stock. Additionally, we are likely re-bending the backlogs at Loews to treat on all our minority shareholder, all of our subsidiaries steadily. On the theory they have been treating them as fairly as possible to go to the next stop to hold on, they are being with what the marketplace will recognize that and provide superior valuation who has low share, and if the marketplace told that, that will then comeback to benefit Loews because for many of you Loews has viewed has the sum of the part. Currently Loews owns 90% at CNA. So the idea of picking up for fuel as a percentage points, which more of them viewed as giving so at the betterment to minority shareholders just one of the interest it was.
Andy Baker: Fair enough. Thanks a lot. See you next week.
James Tisch: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Stephen McPhilemy] with [Instanet].
Stephen McPhilemy: Hi. Good morning guys. I was just looking at the Class B share issue that you have taken in Boardwalk back in March. And I was wondering if there was anything in the car back if there was anything that would preclude you from going back to that level again?
James Tisch: Well, I apologize, we are really willing to put the excess capital into Boardwalk, first its too early to tell.
Stephen McPhilemy: So is it the 4% payout that we have to kind of reset our thinking from that level or is there something you think its sold beyond the table of those assets?
James Tisch: Can you repeat that please?
Stephen McPhilemy: The 4% you are getting on those Class B, is that kind of level we would look at again there, or is it something you would have to reset and whats going on in the market?
James Tisch: Like I said we dont  we have not yet had any negotiation with Boardwalk to determine the exact nature of the investment. And again its the public markets, although I am sure the company would be very happy to tell additional dividends to the public.
Stephen McPhilemy: Okay, thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Michael Millman with Soleil Securities.
Michael Millman: Thank you. Just to clarify before asking some other questions. On the investment in CNA, less 10% to five years and then 17% or more after five years?
James Tisch: Well, its 10% for five years and then it resets to 700 basis points over charging ten-year loads and it resets  the higher of either reset amount or 10%.
Michael Millman: I see. And so there is continuous to be in a sense of -- in a lower interest environment for them to repurchase. You didnt give your debt. Is that still about 825 million?
James Tisch: 865.
Michael Millman: Okay. And moving on to some CNA, I guess the other side of coin is that this stock tends to be somewhat cyclic or secular? And it was 50 and you held  not its 14, not necessarily any of us was smarter. But does this suggest the next time around you think about taking some money off the table by reducing your position?
James Tisch: Let me do not  we will let you know by press release. It is not appropriate for us talk to about what has been the interest of our ownership of any of our subsidiaries.
Michael Millman: Is there anything that suggest that reducing your ownership and subsidiaries is off the table?
James Tisch: I am not going to answer that. I am not going to talk about the disposition of any of our shares, any of our subsidiary shares. And likewise, I am also not going to talk about what factors we might take into account in order to come to that conclusion.
Michael Millman: I guess your gross amount of 2 to 2.5 billion before debt remaining after these two investments, is that potentially going to be used to take some positions in other things or is there concern that in this crazy market you might need to husband more of that to support subsidiaries?
James Tisch: Our full yield when I said to David, which is that we would like to fleece it and what that means is as the lowest parent company we are very conservative in our own investment.
Michael Millman: So, does that mean that you would not invest it side off?
Peter Keegan: I will just leave that comment as it is, I dont want to get into any more details about how we are investing the pound company cash.
Michael Millman: Okay, thank you.
Peter Keegan:  Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And at this time there are no further questions.
Darren Daugherty - Director Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay and a MP3 file will be available on our website loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darren Daugherty - Director IR James S. Tisch - CEO and President Peter W. Keegan - CFO Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and CEO, Lorillard Tobacco Company
Analysts: David Edelman - Morgan Stanley Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company Anton Kawalsky - Canyon Capital Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Steven Errico - Locust Wood Capital
Operator: Good day. My name is Jackie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Loews First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Darren Daugherty - Director Investor Relations: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning everyone and welcome to Loews Corporations' first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. A copy of the earnings releases for Loews Corporation and Carolina Group maybe found on our website loews.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, the Chief Executive Officer of Loews and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. And they will be joined by Marty Orlowsky, Chief Executive Officer of Lorillard. Before, we begin, I would like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflects circumstances at the time they are made and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer, which is included in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC. I would also like to remind you that during this call today, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our security filings for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures. After Jim, Peter, and Marty have discussed their results, we will have a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask questions that are listening via the website please use the dial-in number to participate, 877-692-2592. I'd now like to turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Thank you, Darren and good morning and thank you for joining us today. Before, reviewing our first quarter results, I'd like to give an update on the progress we are making on our plans to spin-off our ownership in Lorillard, the holders of Carolina Group stock and Loews common stock. We are progressing well on this complex transaction. As you know, completion of this proposed transaction is subject to a number of conditions including receipt of a favorable ruling from the Internal Revenue Service, which I am pleased to report has been received. We also need an opinion of tax counsel, SEC clearance, final approval by the Loews' Board and favorable market conditions in order to complete this transaction. We continue to expect that the transaction will be completed in mid '08. With respect to our first quarter results, as you have seen by now there were a number of significant items highlighted in the press release that effected the quarter. Some positive and some negative. Overall however, declines in investment income of the parent company, at Carolina Group and CNA, out way the otherwise solid performances of our operating subsidiaries. In the case of Carolina Group there was $14 million after tax short fall in investment income comparing to the prior year that resulted in a rejection in CG's investment partner, though resulted from a reduction in CG's investment partnership interest. A lower average invested asset balance and lower interest rate, this reduction in investment income along with one-time spin-off expenses which totaled $8 million after tax more than makes up for CG's $11 million shortfall in net income compared to last year. In a few movements Marty Orlowsky will discuss operating results for Lorillard in greater detail. But I would just like to briefly note that Lorillard has increased its domestic market share from 10.1% to 10.5%. While CNA's net operating income for the quarter, comes as a disappointment the company is weathering well in a challenging price environment by maintaining its focus on underwriting discipline and expense management. The company's decline in net operating income, resulted primarily from reduced limited partnership investment income compared to last year's first quarter. Peter Keegan will provide some additional details in a few movements. During the quarter, CNA bought in 2.6 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $26.53 per share. This action, along with a payment of $0.15 quarterly dividend was possible because of CNA's strong capital position and solid insurance operation. The company is well positioned operationally and financially to maintain its strength, despite tough market conditions. Diamond Offshore posted another quarter of record revenues and earnings, reflecting the ongoing worldwide demand for midwater and deepwater semisubmersible rigs. Last week Diamond took delivery of its new build jack-up rig the Ocean Shield, which will go to work under contract commitment spanning 17 months. It's sister unit the Ocean Scepter is scheduled for completion in approximately five weeks, while a contract has not been announced Diamond is in advanced stages of negotiation for an international term job for that rig. The final rig in our new build and upgrade program is the Ocean Monarch, which is already contracted for four years at an attractive day rate upon it's completion later on this year. We are quite pleased with the success of the new build and upgrade program and its contribution to Diamond's revenue backlog which currently stands at approximately $10.7 billion. Last week Diamond's Board of Directors declared another special quarterly dividend of a $1.25 per share in addition to the regular quarterly dividend of twelve and half cents per share. Together these dividends represent a cash payment to loads of almost $100 million per quarter. HighMount Exploration & Production reported growth production volume and increased realized prices. To manage commodity price risk, HighMount had hedges in place at the end of the quarter for 70% of its remaining 2008 projected sales volume and 33% of its '09 projected sales volume. This still allows some latitude to realize value based on the strength in natural gas prices that we have recently seen. Delight part of the successful E&P company is its drilling program. HighMount's drilling program focuses on low risk, long life natural gas reserves which we refer to as factory drilling. In the first quarter HighMount completed a 131 gas wells at a 100% success rate. Boardwalk Pipeline had a good first quarter and the company began to see earnings contributions from the projects such as its East Texas to Mississippi Pipeline Expansion, and the Western Kentucky Storage Expansion. Earnings for the quarter benefited from strength in gas transportation pricing higher throughput and a favorable contract settlement gain. The park and loan market however, continues to be challenging. Boardwalk has several pipeline expansion projects under way that will be placed into service over the next several quarters and are expected to contribute to the company's growth. To finance these projects Boardwalk has successfully raised capital through a number of debt and equity offerings and also has available a $1 billion revolving line of credit. Additionally, Loews has agreed to invest $700 million in Boardwalk, primarily through a newly created class fee limited partnership units. We expect the transaction to be completed in June. Boardwalk has declared a distribution for the first quarter of forty six and half cents per unit, a $0.005 [ph] increase from the prior quarter and its ninth consecutive dividend increase since going public in '05. Loews Hotels had another solid quarter matching last year's first quarter net income. RevPAR or revenue per available room increased by 3.5% driven by increases in room rates. As I said at the outset Loews' overall results were somewhat marred by the actions of the financial market in the first quarter. Nevertheless for us the financial markets present a time of opportunity rather than a time of stress. And finally as many of you know this will probably be Marty Orlowsky's last Loews earnings call. Hopefully in July or August Marty will be hosting his own earnings conference call for a publicly traded low or alike [ph]. However, I can not let this moment pass, without making mention of how stellar Marty has been as a member of the Loews team. He has been the most extraordinary and successful tobacco executive in the recent memory, building enormous value for Loews and for Carolina Group shareholders. But success has gone not to Marty's head, he has been a pleasure to work with and always approaches issues with a can do attitude. Marty's good nature, work ethic and good humor will certainly be missed by all of us in the Loews family. And with I'd now like to hand things over to Loews', CFO, Peter Keegan. Pete?
Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jim and good morning everyone. Loews reported consolidated net income of $662 million in the first quarter of 2008 versus $768 million in the first quarter of last year. Net income for Loews' common stock was $555 million or $1.05 per share compared to $650 million or $1.20 per share in the first quarter of 2007. Net investment losses for the quarter of $29 million primarily consisted of other than temporary impairment losses in CNA's portfolio derived from securities for which CNA did not have an intent to hold until an anticipated recovery in value. Investment gains of $75 million in the prior year first quarter included after tax gains of $89 million related to a reduction in ownership of Diamond Offshore. Net income for Carolina Group stock totaled $107 million or $0.98 per share compared to $118 million or $1.08 per share in the first quarter of 2007. Gross profit was essentially unchanged versus the prior year first quarter, as the increase in net sales was offset by higher cost related to the state settlement agreements. Administrative expenses related to the spin-off with Lorillard with $6 million after tax for management bonus and $2 million after tax for financial and legal fees associated with the transaction. Additionally, legal expenses increased by $4 million after tax versus the first quarter of 2007. Lorillard's contribution to net income for Loews' common stock was $67 million during the quarter versus $84 million in the prior year first quarter. CNA's contribution to net income decreased to $200 million from $275 million in the prior year's first quarter. CNA's results were negatively effected by reduced investment income, largely attributable to a reduction in limited partnership income of approximately $91 million before taxes versus the first quarter of 2007. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income rose to $136 million from $107 million in the first quarter of 2007 and was driven by increased day rates for high specification floaters and midwater semisubmersible rigs. Year-over-year comparison of first quarter results is effected by a reduction in Loews' ownership interest from 54% to 51% during the first quarter of 2008. HighMount reported revenue of $189 million and net income of $47 million for the first quarter of 2008. Production volumes during the quarter were as follows. Natural gas production was 19.7 billion cubic feet at an average realized price of $7.43 per 1000 cubic feet. Natural gas liquids production was 911,700 barrels at an average realized prize of $46.92 per barrel. And oil production was 84,500 barrels at an average prize of $94.85 per barrel. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to net income of $39 million was unchanged versus the prior first quarter. Comparison of results between the first quarter's of 2008 and 2007 is effected by secondary equity offerings by Boardwalk during 2007 which has reduced Loews' total ownership interest to 70% from 75% and proportionately decreased Loews' share of net income. Loews Hotels' net income of $11 million for the quarter was unchanged from the first quarter of last year. Average room rates for the quarter increased to $261.80 from $248.70 and occupancy for the quarter decreased to 70.8% from 72% in 2007. As of March 31, 2008 holding company's cash and investments totaled $4.4 billion. During the quarter we received $501 million of dividends from our subsidiaries and paid $82 million of dividends to shareholders. In January, we completed the sale of Bulova for approximately $250 million which is subject to adjustments and recorded a gain of approximately $126 million pre-tax or $82 million after tax. At the end of the quarter, Lorillard's cash and investments totaled $1.7 billion. During April of 2008 Lorillard made a payment of $865 million related to the state settlement agreements including $72 million that was deposited into a disputed payments account. In the first quarter of 2007, Lorillard paid $579 million under the state settlement agreements and in April of 2007 an additional $111 million was deposited into the disputed payments account. Carolina Group notional debt was $218 million at the end of the quarter. We expect that as a result of Lorillard's recent dividend to Carolina Group, sufficient cash will be available at Carolina Group including the use of the $100 million Carolina Group reserve, to pay the regular Carolina Group dividend of $0.455 per sharing in May, as well as to pay essentially all of the remaining notional debt balance. These possible action are subject to approve by the Loews Board. And now I will turn the call over to Marty Orlowsky at Lorillard. Marty?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Thank you, Peter and thank you Jim for those very nice words maybe I should quit while I am ahead and not really--
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Don't do that too many people will be disappointed.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Okay then I'll read my comments. We believe that Lorillard's first quarter of 2008 performance was reasonably positive when taking into consideration some of the factors effecting our results. A comparison of the first quarter of '08 with the first quarter of '07 reveals the following differences. Wholesale shipments were negatively impacted by downward wholesale inventory adjustments taken during the first quarter of this year, as well as $200 million fewer promotion related units shipped in the first quarter of 2008 versus the same quarter a year ago. Excluding these effects the first quarter of '08 shipments would have compared favorably with the first quarter of 2007. Additional factors impacting our financial results as mentioned by both Jim and Peter in the first quarter of '08 versus the first quarter of '07 included to repeat again increased operating expenses related to the separation of Lorillard from Loews, investment income declined due to lower average invested cash balance and lower yields on investment income. On the positive side, average unit pricing was slightly higher in first quarter of '08 compared with the first quarter of '07 but this is only partially offset the effects of the other factors mentioned. Lorillard's gross profit for the first quarter of '08 was essentially flat when compared with the gross profit achieved in the first quarter of '07. Lorillard's operating and net incomes for the first quarter of '08 were $267 million and $174 million as compared with $287 million and $202 million respectively as compared with the first quarter of '07, reflecting declines of 7% and 14% respectively. Lorillard's domestic wholesale unit shipped in the first quarter of '08 resulted in a slight increase of three-tenths percent versus the first quarter of '07, outpacing the domestic industry's overall decline rate of 3.3% for the same period. Total Lorillard's wholesale unit shipped in the first quarter of this year were almost flat, posting a modest two-tenths of a percent decrease comparing the first quarter of '08 with the first quarter of '07 again due to the factors I mentioned earlier. Lorillard's domestic shipments market share for the first quarter of '08 was 10.47%, an improvement of 0.38 of a share point over the first quarter of '07. Newport's domestic unit shipped reflected a decrease of 120 million units or 1.1% in the first quarter of '08 as compared with the first quarter of '07, again due to the factors I mentioned before. Newport's domestic shipment market share for the first quarter of '08 was 9.52%, an increase of 0.22 over the same quarter last year. Sequentially, Newport improved its domestic shipments market share in the first quarter of 2008 versus the fourth quarter of 2007 by almost six-tenths of a share point. According to Lorillard's retail shipment database, Newport's market share for the first quarter of '08 was 9.85%, an increase of 0.28 over the first quarter of '07. Newport's share of the menthol segment was 33.5% in quarter one '08, an increase of six-tenths of a point over quarter one '07. The overall menthol segments of the industry was up slightly in the first quarter of 2008 at 28.4% compared with the same quarter last year. Lorillard's core strategy of balancing profitability with Newport market share performance remains unchanged. We will continue to monitor market trends of Newport and its principal competitive brands to determine what is any promotion spending adjustments maybe appropriate consistent with our stated strategic objective. We will also closely monitor general economic conditions as they may impact consumer spending patterns and make appropriate adjustments to our promotional activity. Thank you. Back to Darren.
Darren Daugherty - Director Investor Relations: Thank you, Marty. Operator, at this time, we will open it up for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from David Edelman with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everyone.
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Good morning.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: Marty, I wanted to ask you several questions, first, I think your net pricing in the quarter was only up about 1%, could you speak to the overall competitive environment and why at least in the short-term, you have seen a decline in the rate of net pricing you're generating?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Well, its obviously being effected by promotional spending, although I will say that our promotional spending in the first quarter of 2008 was about flat with the first quarter of 2007, but we did yield fewer shipment units and so that had some effect.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: I mean at this point in time, were you pushing a little harder on share than you had been over the last 12 or 18 months and if so, why?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: No, we were not consciously trying to generate improved share. We were really consistent with what I've said on a number of occasions, just said this morning about how to... just to maintain our positions competitively in the marketplace. So our... the fact, the most critical factor that guided our spending in the first quarter of this year, as it has in past quarters, was looking at the overall nature of competitive picture and the market itself.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: And Marty, as part of the, the pending transaction, three questions, when are you going to articulate capital structure plans, the amount of debt you would intend to take on, the scale of a buyback, or are you going to share with outsiders formal financial goals?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Well, I'm not going to, David, I'm not going to comment right now on anything pertaining to the separation other than to say that at the appropriate time in the filings and other commentary that we might make in the future, we will obviously be more specific.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: And Marty, can you quantify given the tax increase in the state of New York, either your market share in the state of New York or the percentage of your total volume?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Yes, our total volume in... based on our retail shipments into New York State is about 13% versus the industry of about 5%. But I will say this, over the three years ending 2007, if you go back to '05, '06 and '07, even in a high tax environment, that existed pretax increase, we did pretty well. Newport actually managed to increase share either modestly in the last couple of years and in '05 pretty substantially. So, we've remained pretty competitive on the share side and the volume side in New York State. In fact, I believe we've out performed on the share side, out performed the other menthol brands in New York State. Obviously, that's not a guarantee or an indication of what will happen in the future with an additional increase but we've more than held our own in the past. And that's about all I can say about it.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: Then two last things Marty, one is on the legal expense being higher. Is that tied inprincipally [ph] to the Engle progeny cases and if so, are some of those, sort of one-time in nature dealing with them as they came in?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: The $6 million increase in legal expense for the quarter, if you take it our of, that's distinct from the separation related expense to two factors. One, you're correct, the Engle progeny cases. We're in the midst of starting that process of discovery and various hearings related to it, as well we were effected in the first quarter by some increased legal expense related to the MSA dispute issue. And so, to what extent either of those will affect the future is hard to say. It will obviously depend on the timing of different elements that are either a part of the Engle progeny process, the litigation process and/or the factors that would relate to what the next steps will be relative to dealing with the MSA dispute issue.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: And then, Jim just one question for you actually related to Lorillard. What was the though process in awarding a, the one-time management bonus in cash as in... as opposed to stock and what's your general reactions to the fact that at Loews, there are some particular reasons why perhaps the non... certain members of the management team don't have large equity holdings but that at Lorillard coming out of the box, it appears as if the equity ownership by the management and the board will be relatively thin?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: First of all, the view of cash versus stock was simply that Loews owns a 100% of Lorillard and it will be up to the Lorillard Board. We believe when Lorillard is public in order to give out cash or equity award. Number two, with respect to the ownership, where Lorillard management team does have a significant number of options in SARs in Carolina Group that will convert over to Lorillard shares. So, the Lorillard management team has performed phenomenally under Loews' leadership, with their ownership and I have no doubt that... in sense that that they have when they are part of the public company will be similar.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your question is from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Good morning. You teased us Jim in your intro that there is some investment opportunities here in today's market and I guess I am going probe on the one that we know that you are digging into, which is so prime relative at least to the CNA portfolio. I am not sure whether you have done more of that the Loews levels as well. But, what is the case that you see in that asset class today, what sort of yields are you getting on them and what other sort of areas of opportunity can we know that you have taken advantage of?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: First of all, like they say on TV; do not try this at home. If you are going to invest in the sub-prime market, you have to have on your staff, people who are highly trained in analyzing mortgage-backed securities. It is not for the faint of heart and is not for the computer illiterate. It is a very difficult and meticulous craft. And what we have been doing is making very selective investments in specific traunches of sub-prime CDOs and structured products with the belief that these investments which we are making at say $0.60 or $0.70 on $1 will return our purchase price in full, very possibly will return at par over time, and where in the meantime we are collecting close to a double-digit current return based on interest payments.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: The double-digits have market? I mean at cost or at your cost?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: The double-digit is based on cost. Market prices will vary and from one point to the other we may have a loss in these securities. I told you, they are not for the faint of heart. But, we believe that we have done our analysis and we believe that based on our ability to hold these securities that they will generate very attractive returns for us. I know that the term sub-prime is a word that causes fears, fear in the hearts of the most hardened investors. But you can be sure, that we have done our work and our analysis in going into these securities.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Well the yield will come in through operating earnings this is all at the CAN level or do you have some additional ones at the Loews level?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: It's primarily of the CNA level.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: But there are some modest positions at Loews as well you say?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes, very modest.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay so the operate... the 10% yield will be in the operating earnings and the difference between the $0.60 to $0.70 in PAR, if you get it in PAR, you do a really good job but those will be capital gains?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: That's right.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: And so... but or losses if you are off the mark, but there is room for--?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Right, but the only thing I should tell you is that we are buying these but we are not going whole hog into that.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right.
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: I mean we've brought a goodly [ph] amount but we are always careful to avoid too much concentration and too much risk to our capital.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: What other sort of significant opportunities have you dipped into here that you can comment on?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: We participated in... we bought some bank loans, some high yield bank loans... loans that have gone from PAR, a year ago to 85 just a few weeks ago, we have made purchases in note securities from time-to-time, we have been dabbling in the corporate bond market as well as the municipal bond market. These are all, markets where, where we see plenty of opportunity, amidst the stress that most of the market is feeling.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: What's the general size of the portfolio that we are talking about?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: The CNA portfolio is about $41 billion.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: It's within CNA that you have done all this?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay, I can dig through there. Okay and I missed what was the dividend you expect from Lorillard to... for Loews before the deal?
Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer: We didn't say exactly what it was but we said it was atrocious [ph] we thought it will be sufficient to pay the normal dividend plus essentially all of the remaining notional debt value.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: So, Lorillard's balance sheet well post the deal will be... look pretty similar so before I guess I miss there is no--?
Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer: Well, the only point we made in the call was that the timing of the MSA payments were in April--
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right.
Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer: As March of that of last year. So at the end of the first quarter Lorillard had an usually high cash balance. But we are... there are no unusual dividends being made from Lorillard to CG these are normal quarterly dividend.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right.
Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer: Dividend including the $100 million in the Carolina Group reserve will be sufficient we believe to pay the normal CG dividend this quarter plus retire the remaining notional debt balances.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Christine Farkas with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. Going back to Marty if I could you commented about looking at the overall nature of the competition and the promotional environment as well as monitoring the general economic conditions how would you categorize the current promotional environment here on the back of your result as well as what we saw from one of your competitors?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Well, in a certain sense it's relatively stable in looking at the totality of what some the competition has done as well us. As I said we were flat per pack in the first quarter spending wise in the first quarter this year versus last year, and there were some changes by some of our competitors one of them in particular but it was not in the shortly upward direction. So it's just a matter in one sense of maintaining almost a status quo kind of position with respect to the spending levels and the nature of the spending. So I wouldn't say there was a sort of wholesale change in any real sense. But it's still pretty active and I think as you know over the last few years the menthol segment has been more than active in terms of promotional activity than the rest of the industry.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: And when looking at the promotional activity in the menthol against the broader market would you say there's much differences there as well emerging or no?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Well, there has been I mean this is not new.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Right.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Over the last three or four years the menthol segments, menthol brands were receiving a greater amount of promotional activity or there was a greater degree of promotional support than there were for the non-menthol side of the business. It's not new though I mean it's been like that for the last as I said three or four years.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Yes, certainly it's been promotional. Just a question on the other I guess the non-Newport proprietary business looking at the growth in Maverick as well as the big declines in Puerto Rico can you can just discuss the couple of those factors?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Sure, let me go to Puerto Rico first. Puerto Rico there was about some 5 million unit adjustment by the distributors we use in Puerto Rico and that was to rebalance their inventories and really had nothing to do with demand per se as far as we know. So, that had it obviously a fairly large impact on the Puerto Rico shipments we were down about 23% as a result of that quarter-over-quarter. Maverick was up about 58% in wholesale shipments in the first quarter of '08 or 162 million units and we haven't done anything unusual there. In fact, we took a price increase a modest one, not too long ago on Maverick, but Maverick competes in the higher end of the ... of the lower end of the marketplace. And I think Maverick was benefited from some degree of price attractiveness if you will vis--vis the other discount brands, particularly the discount brands of the two major companies Philip Morris and Reynolds, because it is lower price. So there's nothing new there other than probably a shift in purchase interest to Maverick from some of the higher price discount brands.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and that's great. And then just a final question Jim, if I could, in your comments you've mentioned that the spin going ahead unless there were some market conditions, I guess that you didn't like, what would characterize those unfavorable market conditions?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Christine, I'd prefer to leave that a mystery and not answer that question.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Hi, everyone. Jim, I just wanted to back and just go back to Christine's question and clearly when you announced the spin-off in December, tyrannical stock prices that 88, around 88 Loews stock prices at 48, I'm just wondering just given the stock prices today, whether that has changed and sort of your propensity to go ahead an do the spin-off at this point?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: What I want to do is, I want to treat spin-off questions and split-off questions the same way we treat share repurchase questions. And that is I don't want to give you a sense of what we're doing for the simple reason, that if we do there is a good possibility that people on the street will shoot against to whatever it is we're trying to accomplish. So, at this point in time I think it's better for us just to remain silent on what the ultimate plans are.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then a few questions for you Marty. First, in terms of the industry volume is that it was down 3.3% in the first quarter. Do you think that's representative of the underlying consumption trends?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Yes I'd... as well to some extend yes, I mean we had as I explained some inventory adjustments that occurred in some shipment related to the promotional volumes from the first quarter of '07 versus this year. So to some extent I think the industry was effected by some degree of inventory factors. But I think clearly it does reflect in principle the consumption sort of trends that are taking place.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then on that note in terms of your inventory adjustments because if I look back in the first quarter of last year I think you actually had some inventory de-load that depressed the Q1 '06 numbers--
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Yes.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: '07 numbers so I am wondering in this quarter you actually saw additional de-stocking on top of what we saw?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Yes, and principally it was attributable to... for early shipments that we made mainly for Newport because several states are coming online for the Fire-Safe Cigarette regulations. And so wholesalers apparently because we shipped early in the first quarter for the effective date which would be more in the second quarter timeframe. We saw more of a cut back on the conventional product to make room for taking on the additional product that was being shipped into meet the fire safe requirements. So there was a bit of an aberration there of that effected our inventories.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Can you quantify how much that was?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Yes, it was about... something about like 65 millions units.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then Marty just taking a step back I think clearly in the last few years the industry has really enjoyed pretty healthy and I am just wondering if you sort of look at the environment going forward, you've got pretty high prices of cigarettes, with tax increases and etcetera. You would feel that the ability to continue to take healthy price increases going forward is in some way limited just because of the approval price points or the economic conditions or whatever the competitive situations that sort of warrant that number to be a bit more limited?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Well to be very honest with you Judy, I think it would be premature for me to reach any kind of conclusion regarding the general nature of the economic situations as it might effect. Cigarettes purchases, obviously gas prices are going up and so there are a number of factors out there, which is one of the reasons I added the comment in my prepared remarks about the fact that we will be obviously be monitoring the nature of the general economy as it might effect the industry or our business. So to what extent it may or may not effect, pricing remains to be seen and I really can't answer that today because I honestly don't know.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just final question the investment in the limited partnership, should we just assume that you really have now come out of all these investments and going forward will rely, post to spin-off you wouldn't get any of these income from these limited partnership?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: We pretty much unwound from all of the limited partnership investments. But clearly the future in terms of our investment income will depend on cash available to the investors. So there maybe some, obviously some factors that would affect that. But, yes, we are essentially out of the limited partnership.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Filippe Goossens with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Yes good morning Marty. Just as a follow-up on Judy's question here, what would you view your minimum cash that you would need to operate the business? If I turn the accruals from MSA, would it be $100 million, would it be $200 million that you kind of see as the necessary amount?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Well, I really would rather not say that at this point. I don't think there is going to be any... there is no change in terms of our cash requirements versus the past. So, I don't think it's a particularly significant factor.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then in terms of the Fire-Safe Cigarettes, is that going to be all at once for all the states or only a select group of states that are kicking it off in Q2, Marty?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: No, Filippe it's only a limited number of states that are coming online with effective dates for their legislation to put it in motion. So no, it's not going to be every state, it's a limited number.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then with your history in the industry Marty, you are one probably one of the best people to comment on this. Obviously--
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: I am not invincible any more.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Sorry?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: I said I am not invincible any more.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: You are still one of the best if not the best.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Thank you.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: So, it's just a little bit... in terms of down trading Marty, obviously a question on everybody's minds is should we make a distinct difference in terms of the question about down trading menthol versus non-menthol cigarettes. In other words, which you say that given the available competition, obviously two big brands out there including... and then including yourself but, that there fewer options for people within the menthol category to down trade. Therefore, if we look at Lorillard, we should be less concerned as compared to let's say a general cigarette type question.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Well, I'll answer that very cautiously. I don't want to mislead anyone. I will say that you are correct in your statements that there are fewer options available particularly for standalone menthol brands in the lower end of the market. So that... while in the past when there has been a shift in the dynamic between premium price and low price brands, we've tended to historically be less effective. That doesn't mean we are impervious to the effects of that type of dynamic change. But, I would say that menthol tends to be generally speaking little less affected. But, it's still... can't be affected, obviously.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then, the other question I had is you made reference when you talk about the promotional activities by the industry, you made reference to one particular player stepping up promotional activities. I have my own idea who it might be but, didn't one other player last year say or in this year commenting about fourth quarter results that they would actually lower their promotional activities for their menthol product. In other words, are we seeing two diverging paths taken by players or am I reading that wrong?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: No, you are basically correct, but I don't know the degree to which one of the companies actually in fact lowered their promotional spending. But clearly, yes, one company did announce that they were going to cut back on certain types of promotions and one of our other competitors stepped it up slightly. So, but I don't know the degree to which the other one decreased their spending. But that's correct, yes.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then, just a last point on this particular topic. The other player who stepped up their promotional spending, would you view that more as offensive in nature Marty or more of defensive?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Yes, I take it offensively. I would say... I guess you would categorize it to some degree as being more offensive, more aggressive than it has been. But, it's been like that of and on for the last few years. So, either through the form of line extending or spending additional dollars on a per pact basis, it's been a combination of the two.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then my final question, Marty. In terms of the amount that has been deposited in the Escrow [ph] amounts. One, what's the total amount so far and number two, any idea... I know it is always right to even try to guestimate this. But, any idea whether in 2008 we might see some beginnings of the arbitration proceedings or at this moment it's very fluid?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: It's very fluid. It's hard to say Filippe. We go up and down on this issue and so I really don' think... I can't tell you anything specific about it. As far as how much we tell back, I don't really know, I think maybe a couple 100 million, somewhere in that range. Well, now hold that, we paid into the disputed account.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Correct. That's what I meant, yes, okay. Wonderful, well, thanks so much Marty and we look very much forward to talking with you as part of the new Lorillard Company.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Thank you, Filippe.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Andy Baker with Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: Thanks for taking the question. Couple of questions here, first on, HighMount, any chance, can you give us any detail on the reserves there, how they are looking?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes, the reserves are... total reserves are that 2.520 trillion cubic feet.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: Okay. In terms of the HighMount, I mean you had this now since last summer and things seem to be going very well. A couple of questions, one, how much capital does it take to run this business in terms of CapEx? And two, the cash flow that's been generated from the business, I mean that's going at the general corporate cash are you are still using this to expand this business, I think you have got your head off [ph] time, gotten your feet wet and that properties do come up, you look to get bigger?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, this year we are using the capital to reinvesting the business, drilling in parts and other wealth and we expect some modest cash flow to lows.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: Can you tell us what's the CapEx was in the quarter for HighMount?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: The CapEx was $125 million.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: Great. And Jim just... it's very often in the case, just switching gears here to this put-off, very often these cases, management to board and the large shareholders disclose that they do it and have intention to participate, do you have any, I haven't seen anything, do you have plans to comment on that?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: We will make the comments when we make the comments, and we don't want to comment before that. We let all of our filings speak for themselves.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: It's fair enough. And this question is for Peter, I guess, can you just give us some breakdown on what the lowest corporate cash and investments is, just sort of how that's invested, I mean when you make decision, when you see this $0.85 of a $1 bank loans and stuff at CNA, you see those at Loews' corporate too and they seem like good investment in these, you see much of that?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Most of the loans investments are in more liquid securities than things like bank loans. And so, the one share, the majority of our investments are in cash and cash equivalents and treasuries... we have a modest equity portfolio and then other arguments. But for the most part, the test for putting something into the Loews' portfolio is that it would be very liquid.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: Great. Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Blain Marter with Lu Partners [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys, I'm new to your call but I'm wondering if you could share with us your capital allocation strategies stemming around CNA either at the Loews' levels or CNA level, I mean you've got an asset here, trading at 70% of book value and honestly, from a public market perspective, it's not an attractive investment I mean it's not growing. They've got exposure to asset bags on the balance sheet and its controlled entities. So, what are the thoughts, would you consider taking this asset and to take advantage of discount-to-book or what are your thoughts?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Blain, I feel this is your first time to the call, because you talked about the how being a controlled entity makes us an... makes CNA a uninteresting investment. Well, by the same talking, you wouldn't import Carolina Group, when it went from $25 a share and at one point, more than triple. We manage our subsidiaries, our public subsidiaries; the way you would hold management would mange their own public company. We have a focus on creating value for all the shareholders and we believe that overtime; the market will recognize that value. With respect to CNA, you are right, there are lots of problems in the industry. But the question that you have to ask yourself is whether or not the market reflects those issues. I personally I am comfortable with our mortgage-backed portfolio and I'm comfortable with the other assets that we have on the CNA balance sheet. And the fact that CNA doesn't trade at a premium to book value was a reason why CNA selected to buy in shares this quarter. But having said that, I should also say that, having CNA as a public company, even if it's priced at a discount to what we might think its real value is nonetheless positive, because it does provide a bench mark for all investors to be able to determine the value and work of CNA to Loews.
Unidentified Analyst: Fair enough, by effecting the share repurchase at CNA essentially, you're sort of increasing your pro-rata ownership of the company on a sort of creeping basis?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes, you can see that, but I would argue that it's beneficial for all shareholders that CNA is able to buy its stock in at a substantial discount to book value. The fact that Loews benefit, yes, it's an interesting fact, but the point is that all shareholders benefit from that.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks a lot
Operator: Thank you. Your next is from Anton Kawalsky with Canyon Capital. Please go ahead.
Anton Kawalsky - Canyon Capital: Hi, guys, I had a question about, HighMount E&P I am just wondering do they have any exposure to the Haynesville Shale or Pierre Shale [ph] or any of the other shale place that the other E&P companies are talking about?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: No, we are primarily in three areas and those shales that you mentioned are not where we are.
Anton Kawalsky - Canyon Capital: Okay. And would you mind commenting on what price you have hedged at this year?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Hold on for a second, we have hedged 70% of our volume... so this year there's the hedge for our '08 for all of our '08 hedges going back from the beginning when we started hedging and that goes back into '07, is $8.42 and for our '09 hedges the average price is about $9.05.
Anton Kawalsky - Canyon Capital: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Michael Millman with Soleil Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thank you. I think you said that on Loews that the cash was $4.4 billion did you give us what the debt was?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: That's again $865 million.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: The $865 million?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: And that $4.4 million is before the $700 million investment in HighMount?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: No, $700 million investment in Boardwalk.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: In Boardwalk, all right that's before it.
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes, correct.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Also I think last quarter, you said that economic conditions were too cloudy for acquisitions of some of this cash, is that still the operative strategy?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: My crystal ball is still pretty cloudy, yes.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: And on the hotel business, the luxury hotels even in the first quarter seem to have higher RevPAR and increased earnings, could you talk about why Loews' RevPAR was sort of modest for luxury hotels and earnings were only flat?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, first of all, we are not a large hotel company. So a lot of... what drives us, is based on a few markets. Primarily, the Florida market and secondarily the New York market. Those markets have been reasonably good for us, but it doesn't reflect the full national trend. And I don't know what the other companies have experienced in the first quarter but I thought that in view of what's going on in the economy and the financial markets that the hotel business actually turned in pretty good results.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Steven Errico with Locust Wood Capital. Please go ahead.
Steven Errico - Locust Wood Capital: Actually my questions were answered on the spin-off but I do have one on your E&P business. Have you ever thought about or spoken about the fact, would those assets be suitable to drop down into an upstream MLP be HighMount assets?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Maybe yes, maybe no. Investment bankers would love for us to do it because it generates lots of fees. We look at it from time-to-time but the only way we would do it is if number one it creates value for low shareholders and number two if it's a transaction that is also a value to whoever will be buying this paper. And right now we've not convinced ourselves of either one of those two facts so we have done nothing.
Steven Errico - Locust Wood Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Since we're going to have to do the work to try to value HighMount I need a little bit of help just on what would be good peers I've been looking of XDO and obviously there is EOG, NHK and COG, but just to see how the $4 billion investment has done since July. Is your company that's best matched up?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: I am not going to let you do those benchmark valuation yourselves and I don't want to deciding who I think are our peers in this business.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. But is it fair to say that you have a quite significant gain which you not recognized in mark-to-market and when you come and make your presentation in the next yesterday I assume you are going to give us your view what do you think it's worth then. If he do give us some of the parts [ph]?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: All the more reason for you to come to investor conference.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. And just for modulate earnings what sort of drives earnings growth you sort of say what you've blocked in as far as pricing how much leverage is there in the earnings?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well the company produces about a 120 billion cubit feet per year, but there are some what we call VPP, volumetric production payments that we have to pay that. I think this year it's about 8 or 10 b, after that there won't be any VPPs at all. So you can compute the revenues by multiplying the net volume by whatever price you want to assume.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right.
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: And we gave you the prices for the hedged amounts and then you can compute the returns for the other amounts making sure of course that you add or subtract what we call the basis, which is the cost to get our hedged product or any product to a major market.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Thank you very much.
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: My pleasure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Andy Baker with Jefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: Hi, can you hear me?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Yes, we can. Now we can.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: All right. Thanks for taking the follow-up. I just wanted to talk on this, how you feel about so far about the HighMount business? Its look like you've given the numbers that you gave me before. You effectively had 2.474 Tcfe at the end of the year 2.52 Tcfe now. So it's up about 46 Tcfe. You produced 25 so I mean is that sort of in line with your expectation in terms of what your exploration with your yield free and in terms of a good return on investments for the capital, the CapEx you talked about before?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Andy, I have to be honest with you, I am sorry you asked the question. A portion of the increase in reserves is the result of revision that came about because the natural gas prices are higher than they were before. But as to drill this, I don't think I have the number right here. I mean just going to see exactly how much we replaced at the drill business and how much was revision.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: And that's the revision as prices go up, there is more that's economical for you to go after and therefore get's put into reserves. Is that--?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: That's, correct, yes.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then, just on BWP, just how do you feel about seeing the dividend obviously continues go up and that's great. I know you are in the peak period where you share a greater portion of that cash flow. On the dividend, obviously this quarter, the growth is only 0.5% versus the penny we have been getting every other corner. Is that... do you feel this trend is somewhat slowing there, its going to take longer to get to the higher levels of participation on your part than maybe we should have expected a year ago?
James S. Tisch - Chief Executive Officer and President: Well, the Boardwalk as you know has a very significant construction plan in progress that hopefully will be completed within 12 months from now. But, Boardwalk also has a need for cash to help finance that plan. I am just... I am pleased that the company is able to continue growing the dividend. As I said in my remarks that was the ninth consecutive time, had its increased its dividend and the earnings have been improving. So, I am sort of very pleased with the performance that Boardwalk has provided.
Andrew S. Baker - Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question is from David Edelman with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: Marty, I wanted to ask you three quick follow-up questions if I could. First, you mentioned the economic dynamic. Do you think the economy to-date having any impact on the business or general consumer down trading in the category?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: I think there might be some slight pressure there, yes.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay, secondly Marty indicating that there wasn't a greater relative emphasis on share versus profitability how do you reconcile that with the facts that the net price realization pace had moderated in that Newport retail share versus year ago. I think was up 30 basis points which has to be one of the brands, largest year-on-year share gains in some time?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Yes, it was large I don't know if it was the largest. But as I said on a number of occasions our actions are really geared towards long terms sustaining long terms strength in Newport primarily. So, we are not reacting to anything in particular we are not... we didn't make any kind conscious decision going into the first quarter that we were going to spend a X level to boost the share. I think that there was some competitive factors that were taking place there, for example, one of our principle competitive brand did not experience a very positive first quarter. So we may have gained some businesses as a result of that which really wasn't affected directly by promotional spending per se.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then one last thing Marty, clearly in this quarter and in the fourth quarter whether it was inventory movements or one-off cost there were lot of unusual items but if you strip all of that out I think its fair to say that there has been a moderation in the rate of Lorillard's operating profit growth versus the rates of prior years and if you just step back and look at the big picture what do you attribute that change in dynamic?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: Well, the principle factor is in the past our operating profit was obviously directly affected by our ability and decisions we made to lower our promotion spending and that's the key our driver obviously. Since we have maintained a flat position essentially on promotion spending particularly in the first quarter this year versus last year, that has an impact on operating income. If you, carve out all the other stuff that went on. So, I think the issue is, the growth that we experienced was obviously very, very positive but it was also unique obviously to the industry itself in many respects. We may... so I think right now we maybe entering more of a period of a more normal kind of balance in terms of operating profit opportunities for growth than maybe we have seen in the past. Although I still feel we are in a very, relatively positive position basically.
David Edelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard Tobacco Company: All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the floor over to management for any further or closing remarks.
Darren Daugherty - Director Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay will be available on our website loews.com in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Loews first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darren Daugherty - IR James S. Tisch - President and CEO Peter W. Keegan - CFO Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and CEO, Lorillard
Analysts: David Adelman - Morgan Stanley Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney Nik Modi - UBS Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse Andy Baker - Jefferies & Co. Carol Lynch - Pioneer Investment Michael Millman - Soleil Securities
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Loews Corporation Fourth Quarter 2007 Year End Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' remark there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations for Loews. Please go ahead.
Darren Daugherty - Investor Relations: Thank you, operator. Good morning everyone, and welcome to Loews Corporation's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. A copy of the earnings releases for Loews Corporation and Carolina Group may be found on our website, loews.com. On the call this morning, are Jim Tisch, the Chief Executive Officer of Loews; and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. They will be joined by Marty Orlowsky, Chief Executive Officer of Lorillard. Before we begin, I would like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer, which is included in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC. I'd also like to remind you that during this call today, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our Security filings, a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. After Jim, Peter, and Marty have discussed our results, we will have a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask questions and are listening via the webcast, please use the dial-in number to participate: 877-692-2592. I will now turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Darren and good morning. 2007 was a very good year for Loews, despite encountering a few bumps in the proverbial road, our annual consolidated net income of $2.5 billion was unchanged from last year. Diamond Offshore, Lorillard and Boardwalk Pipeline, each delivered record earnings for the full year '07 and CNA reported solid operating income. Our fourth quarter earnings contained the number of non-recurring items that unfavorably affected an otherwise good year for Loews. These items are outlined in our press releases, and in a few moments Peter Keegan will discuss some in further detail. For two consecutive years, CNA has delivered strong, consistent financial performance. Our results have been helped by mild hurricane seasons in '06 and '07. CNA has benefited from its disciplined approach to pricing and risk selection as conditions in the insurance marketplace continues to soften. CNA has a highly diversified book-of-business, which it's willing to grow or to reduce depending upon market conditions in order to optimize underwriting returns on its insurance portfolio. CNA's quarterly dividend policy initiated during the past year currently pays $0.15 per share and generates more than $140 million of cash for Loews on an annual basis. Diamond Offshore recorded another year of record results as the offshore drilling market continued to surge. Midwater and deepwater rig demand remained healthy, especially in the international sector. Consequently, Diamond's revenue backlog grew from $7 billion at the beginning of 07 to $11 billion at year end. Last week, Diamond's Board of Directors declared a special quarterly dividend of $1.25 per share, in addition to the regular quarterly dividend of $0.125 per share. These regular and special dividends represent a quarterly payment for Loews of almost $100 million. Lorillard has posted another excellent year. In a few moments, Marty Orlowsky will discuss operating results, but I would first like to briefly update our previously announced plans to Spin-off Lorillard. At the time of the announcement, we outlined a few steps that need to be taken prior to completion of this transaction. The first step is for Loews to receive a favorable private letter ruling from the IOS, as well as an opinion of the tax council regarding the tax-free nature of the transaction. We have submitted our application to the IOS and are expecting a favorable response within our planned timeframe. Another step is the clearance of the registration statement by the SEC, and as you may have seen, we made the initial filing of the Form S-4 this past week. And finally, following the receipt of these items, and assuming a decision to proceed by the Loews Board of Directors, we continue to expect completion of the transaction in June or July of 08. Given that we are currently in registration, we will be unable to answer any further questions regarding the spin-off transaction. Boardwalk finished 07 with another good quarter. Strong demand for gas transportation services on existing systems led to increases in capacity reservation rates. However, the market for park and loan gas storage services weakened because of a decline in natural gas price spreads. Boardwalk continued to make headway on numerous expansion projects during 07, including its most notable achievement, the commencement of service on the East Texas to Mississippi expansion. This line is effectively sold out with contracts having a weighted average term of almost seven years. Boardwalk has announced a cash distribution of $0.46 per unit, which represents the 8th consecutive quarterly increase since the company went public. This payment will result in a quarterly cash flow for Loews of more than $40 million, which includes the incentive distribution rights of the general partner. HighMount exploration and production is off to a good start, after completing its first full quarter of operations under the Loews umbrella. When we acquired HighMount, we talked about the factoring nature of their drilling program. That comment has been borne out in the time that we have owned HighMount. Of 242 wells drilled during 07, 236 produced commercial qualities of natural gas, yielding a 98% success rate. Loews Hotels also had a good year and continues to benefit from ongoing favorable market conditions in the lodging industry. Our hotels, our revenue per available room increased $184 in 07, from $168 in the prior year, reflecting improvements in room rates and occupancy. So, to sum up, at Loews we continued to do everything we can to build value for our shareholders and our core strategies continue to yield positive results. With that, I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Pete Keegan.
Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Jim, and good morning everyone. In the fourth quarter of 2007, Loews reported consolidated net income of $512 million versus $746 million in the prior year fourth quarter. Net income for Loews common stock was $384 million or $0.72 per share, compared to $609 million or $1.11 per share in the fourth quarter of 2006. There are a number of significant and some non-recurring items which negatively affected results for the quarter. The first of these is a decline in investment income which decreased $22 million from $88 million net of tax in the prior-year fourth quarter. I will discuss the investment portfolio results in greater detail in a few moments. The second item is the net realized investment loss at CNA and its fixed income portfolio. These losses were derived primarily from other than temporary impairment losses in securities for which CNA did not have an intent to hold, until an anticipated recovery in value. The third item was a one-time $59 million tax expense of Diamond Offshore, related to repatriation of previously untaxed earnings from one of its foreign subsidiaries. And the fourth item was a $46 million after-tax charge taken by Lorillard relating to litigation expense associated with its Scott case in Louisiana. Turning to results for the full year, net income attributable to Loews' common stock was $3.65 per share as compared to $3.75 per share in 2006. The decline in earnings per share partially is caused by the sale of Carolina Group's stock during May and August of 2006, which reduced Loews' economic interest in the Carolina Group, besides the effect of proportionately reducing the net income from Lorillard that is allocated to Loews' common stock and increasing the net income from Lorillard allocated to Carolina Group's stock. In addition to the previously mentioned items, I'd like to remind you of a few other factors affecting the year-end results. In the third quarter of 2007, CNA announced a settlement related to a run-off book-of-business that decreased Loews' net income by $96 million. Partially offsetting this event, were investment gains of $93 million recorded during the first quarter of 2007 that related to a reduction in Loews' ownership interest in Diamond Offshore. CNA contributed $201 million to Loews' net operating income in the fourth quarter 2007, versus $224 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. For the full year, CNA contributed income of $950 million to Loews net operating results versus $979 million in 2006. Loews' interest, in CNA's net realized investment losses was $54 million in the fourth quarter of 2007, as compared to gains of $96 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. For the full year, our interest in net realized losses was up $180 million as compared to gains of $63 million in 2006. For 2007, Loews recorded net realized investment losses of $67 million, which included investment results for CNA, as well as previously mentioned investment gains related to Diamond Offshore. In 2006, Loews recorded net realized investment gains of $69 million. Net investment income, consisting primarily of gains in Loews' trading portfolio was $22 million for the quarter versus $88 million in the prior year fourth quarter. For the full year, investment income was $194 million versus $228 million in 2006. These declines were primarily driven by a lower cash and investment balance during 2007, resulting primarily from the acquisition of HighMount; a decline in trading gains, in government and equity securities as compared to last year, and we had lower realized interest rates on money market instruments. In the quarter, net income attributable to Carolina Group's stock decreased to $128 million or $1.18 per share from $137 million or $1.26 per share in the fourth quarter of 2006. For the full year, net income for Carolina Group's stock increased to $533 million or $4.91 per share from $416 million or $4.46 per share in 2006. The main operational drivers are results for the year and for the quarter were higher effective unit pricing and a lower effective tax rate. Lorillard contributed $84 million to net income for Loews common stock during the quarter versus $98 million in the prior-year fourth quarter. For the full year, Lorillard contributed $363 million to net income versus $410 million in 2006. Again, I will point out that Lorillard's contribution was impacted by the previously mentioned legal expense and a reduction of Loews' economic interest in the Carolina Group, resulting from the sale of Carolina Group's stock during 2006. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income decreased to $76 million from $110 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. For the full year of 2007, Diamond's net income contribution increased to $396 million from $352 million in 2006. Results for both the quarter and the year, reflect a one-time tax expense as well as Loews' decreased ownership stake. HighMount reported net income of $38 million for the fourth quarter and $57 million for 2007, which consisted five months of operation. Production volumes for the quarter are as follows. Natural gas production was 20.3 billion cubic feet equivalent at an average realized price of $6.47 per thousand cubic feet. Natural gas liquids production was 930.800 barrels at an average realized price of $47.71 per barrel, and oil production was 75.900 barrels at an average price of $88.63 per barrel. Revenue for the quarter was $174 million. At year end, HighMount had hedges in place for 42% of 2008 production, and 22% of 2009 production. At year end, total proved reserves were 2.474 trillion cubic feet equivalent. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to Loews' fourth quarter net income was $32 million versus $35 million in the fourth quarter 2006. For the full year, Boardwalk contributed $106 million for Loews' net income versus a $103 million in 2006. Comparison of results between 2007 and 2006 is affected by secondary equity offerings by Boardwalk during the first and fourth quarters of 2007. The increase in outstanding limited partner units reduced Loews' total ownership interest from 80% down to 70% at year end, and proportionately decreased Loews' share of net income. Our ownership of the general partner remains 100%. Loews Hotels recorded net income of $7 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 versus $3 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. Net income for the full year was $36 million versus net income of $29 million in 2006. At year end 2007, holding company's cash and investments totaled $3.8 billion. During the year, we spent $2.4 billion in conjunction with the acquisition of HighMount. We paid $331 million of dividends to our shareholders and we repurchased 14.8 million shares of common stock for $672 million. Offsetting these uses of cash were $1.844 billion of dividends received from our subsidiaries. In January of this year, we completed the sale of Bulova, to Citizen's Watch Company for $255 million, subject to closing adjustments. We expect to record a pre-tax gain of approximately $105 million, which will result in an increase in cash of more than $200 million. Holding company debt of $875 million remains unchanged from the pervious quarter. Lorillard ended the year with $1.5 billion in cash and investments, while the Carolina Group notional debt balance as of year end, stood at $424 million. And now, I will turn the call over to Marty Orlowsky of Lorillard. Marty?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Thank you Peter, and good morning everyone. Lorillard's operating income for the fourth quarter of 07 was $280.2 million and net income was $213.1 million. As, compared with $346 million and $234.4 million respectively in the fourth quarter of 2006. The decreases in operating and net income were due primarily to a litigation-related charge of $66 million before taxes and $46 million after taxes. Partially offsetting the effect of the charge on net income is a lower effective tax rate in the fourth quarter of 07 than in the fourth quarter of 2006, due primarily to the statutory increase in the tax benefit related to the manufacturers deduction and resolution of certain state tax uncertainties. Net sales for Lorillard were $957 million in the fourth quarter of 07, compared to $937 million in the fourth quarter of 06. Domestic unit volume decreased 4.3% in Q4 07 versus Q4 06. The fourth quarter of 2006 was favorably impacted by increased wholesale unit purchases in the fourth quarter of '06 in anticipation of an industry price increase. For the full year of 2007, Lorillard's net income was $898 million as compared with $826 million in 2006, reflecting an 8.6% increase. These increases are primarily due to higher effective unit prices, resulting from price increases taken in December of '06 and January of '07 and lower sales promotion expenses and the lower effective tax rate, partially offset by an increase in expenses for the state settlement agreements and a charge related to the litigation. The effective tax rate was lower in '07 as compared to '06 due to the statutory increase in the tax benefit related to the manufacturers deduction, and as I said resolution of certain state tax uncertainties. Total Lorillard wholesale units and domestic United States units shipped in 2007 were down slightly at about 0.8%, as compared with an industry decrease of approximately 5%. Lorillard's 2007 domestic shipment share of market was slightly over 10%, representing a plus 0.42 per share as compared with '06, for full year. This incremental change in share points was larger than Lorillard's major competitors in '07. Lorillard believes that the unfavorable comparison of fourth quarter of 2007 domestic units, the decrease of 4.3% versus the fourth quarter of '06 and the full year of '07, and its flat shipment performance was the same with the full year of '06, is primarily a result of wholesale unit inventory adjustments made in early 2007 as a consequence of increased purchases made in late 2006 in anticipation of an industry price increases. The menthol segment accounted for 27.9% of total domestic industry shipments in 2007, an increase of 0.5 of a share point compared with the same period for '06. Newport achieved a 9.19% share of domestic market wholesale unit shipped in 2007, an increase of 0.39 of the share point over 2006. And Newport share of the menthol segment shipments for the full year of '07 was 32.9% an increase of 0.7 of a share point as compared to the full year of 2006. According to Lorillard's retail shipment database for 2007, Newport achieved a 9.55% share of domestic retail shipments, up 0.4 of a point versus 2006. Lorillard's key business strategy of attempting to balance promotion spending behind Newport and overall profit results remains the same as stated in the past. We will continue to assess the Newport brands performance relative to competitive factors and trends to determine appropriate levels of support at any given point in time, with the long-term goal of sustaining and/or increasing Newport's position in the marketplace. Thank you and I'll now turn it back to Darren.
Darren Daugherty - Investor Relations: Thank you, Marty. Operator at this time, we'll take questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from David Adelman with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Good morning everyone.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Jim, first two questions for you. Am I correct Loews did not repurchase any of its stock in the fourth quarter?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: You are correct.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: : Okay. And then secondly Jim, with all the turmoil in the financial markets, could you scale for us where you see the biggest opportunities for the company? Is it to buy a new business, is it for the existing subsidiaries to be more acquisitive, is it opportunities on the investment portfolios, is it CNA and Loews?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know it's all of the above I would say. Number one, in terms of the securities markets, especially the fixed income markets, while on the one hand we have seen a significant rally in treasuries, we have seen just about the opposite reaction in all other securities, so that bank loans are down 10 points from where they were a year ago, which is an enormous amount. You see what's going on in the mortgage markets and likewise there has also been significant declines of securities in the high yield and other markets. So, we think that this is a time of opportunity not stress for to make investments for our portfolio that over the intermediate to long term will be very, very attractive. With respect to acquisitions', we continue to look and for sure prices are down today compared to where they were six months and a year ago. But also the outlook for the future is much cloudier now. So, we look at a lot of things. We look very carefully and for sure we don't want to put ourselves in a position where we buy something one day and then two weeks later we find it's worth half of what we paid for it. So, we are being very careful in our search and we feel there is no need to be in a rush.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And how I compare to this [ph] and I've some questions for Marty. Firstly, Marty you've mentioned what your database indicated Newport's share was at retail for the year, what was it in the discreet fourth quarter?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Our retail share in the fourth quarter was... the Newport was 9.55% and it was up 0.4.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then taking out the or can you quantify whether within... both in the fourth quarter last year and in the fourth quarter of '07, Marty what's the impact on shipments overall might have been year-on-year from the inventory moves?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Yes, from '06 to '07 we have calculated, we have factored around... this is relative to Newport specifically, roughly virtually all Newport, somewhere in the $300 million unit range. And then, at the end of December of '07 we had a hit. I don't know the number offhand, but we started to have a de-loading effect from a buildup of inventory that's begun to occur in the earlier part of the fourth quarter. So, the combination of a comparison quarter-over-quarter because of the 300... we were down $300 million coming into the years essentially in '07. And then further exacerbating effect of the de-loading that took place from a build up at the end of December was primarily the reason for Newport's fourth quarter performance shipment wise.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: And is the December dynamic Marty, you think that's a less trade speculation on an FET increase or it could be a reflection of their own tightening working capital in a tough economic environment?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Well, I think I would attribute it to anticipation of the FET increase. Actually the loading probably began in the later part of the third quarter and that was all in anticipation of the FET increase and as that became... that's the way it's acknowledged [ph] as you well know for several months into the fourth quarter. Once it became clear that, that wasn't going to occur, we started to see de-load effect.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: And then, on the MSA cost Marty, I think it was up year-on-year in terms of the accrual about $0.10 per pack. Is that principally that there was an anomaly last year in the fourth quarter, that it particularly low then?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: No, we've had a step... there was a step up this year in the payment structure of the MSA, and in the fourth quarter, it was actually... the fourth quarter was higher, because of the increase in the base payment inflation, which was over 4% in other adjustments that were made, and partially offset by lower volume, net-net it was up.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then lastly, Marty, on the Scott charge; its strikes me, it seems like relative to your peer companies, you took a relatively larger charge, and I am curious, can you triangulate for us at all on that and, also how are you coming up with an estimate, because my understanding is there is still... there is sort of a high watermark of what the potential damages may be in that case. But you really can't know with precision how much the existing judgment will be downwardly adjusted?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Well, that's true, we don't know. And so in our judgment, we looked at the assumptions that were built into the model to begin with and made some other and whatever transpired in terms of the interest factor that went away. We made a judgment that the $66 million pre-tax was a prudent number to deal with. Obviously, it can be lower, it could be higher, but we felt that was the appropriate number for us to deal with, and I can't triangulate because I can't speak for the other companies.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: And then actually lastly, Marty, can you give us an indication of where you think the consolidated tax rate will be for 2008?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: No, I can't. We will certainly have the effect of the manufacturer's deduction. I don't know what will occur with result to it. We still have some pending state issues, state tax issues. So, it's very difficult right now to forecast what effect that all of those variables will have.
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Good morning. I'm going to follow-up on the top level questions you were just asked. Are you able to buy back Loews shares with the tobacco transaction?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bob, you know that we don't comment on our share repurchases. So, I won't say anything about that now.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: I just wanted to know if... because of this transaction, you're impeded from buying back stock. No comment is still your answer to that question?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's still my answer.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. CNA commented on their call that they were digging around on sub-prime opportunistically, in short duration sub-prime. Could you comment on what we'll see purchases from Loews that happened in the fourth quarter?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Loews was not invested in the sub-prime space, and we have not traded in it, leaving that opportunity entirely to CNA.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Where have you been picking off opportunities?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: At the Loews' portfolio, we invest primarily in treasury securities, and we also maintain a relatively small equity portfolio.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Over the last five years for the most part on your subsidiaries, understandably you've looked for dividends from the subs versus buying back stock or having the company buy back stock with their capital, which is obviously the decisions they have made, nor independent boards have made, other than your helping CNA, you have been more in the selling mode of your subsidiaries rather than in the buying mode. With a much more fluid market here and some of these stocks potentially selling below which I think might be their asset values, is there any reason why you shouldn't be able to buyback shares and some of the subsidiaries?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. There is no reason, but I just like to challenge your premise a bit.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: You said, we've been in the selling mode rather than the buying mode. In 03, we bought Texas Gas Transmission. In late 04, we bought Gulf South Pipeline, and just six months ago we bought HighMount for a total consideration of $4 billion. So --
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: You been buying total companies, I was talking about buying or selling shares of existing properties.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: That was more of my point. You've sold the Carolina Group and there was one another.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually, we actually took that share as of CNA in return for CNA preferred shares.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Right. I always know you help in, but any of that does... is buyback of any of these subs on the table as an option?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Bob, you know us. Our goal is to increase values for Loews shareholders, and we will do that if we think it creates value for us.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Even CNA, I mean, were they concerned about liquidity and you haven't felt like buyback was a viable option?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't want to go into any specifics about what we might do in terms of buying back shares of any of our large subsidiary.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: But there is a possibility, you did throw that upon to me.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know me, I never let anything off.
Robert Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Thank you, Jim.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: My pleasure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Nik Modi with UBS. Please go ahead.
Nik Modi - UBS: Good morning, everyone. Just a couple of quick questions for Marty. On the SG&A for the fourth quarter, any perceptive on why the increase at least kind of relative to where I was and I think a lot of other folks on the street were? And then the second thing is have you noticed anything in terms of the consumption environment, it seems like a lot of the volume financed was inventory related, but just wanted to get your thoughts on any change in consumer environment? Thanks.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Well the SG&A is essentially Scott does the... the charge for the Scott litigation other than that there was no unusual impact on our SG&A expenses. In fact, it was probably either flat or maybe little about flat with last year in the fourth quarter. So, I don't know, that's the only thing that changed, the SG&A expense line. I can't speak to consumption, we don't have a very... we don't really follow-up. We don't try to calculate it, it's a very difficult number to come up with and I can only... I know who are the companies that forecast or making statements what they think it's going to down, I don't know. Obviously increased smoking restrictions will have some impact on the consumption side, but I can't quantify it.
Nik Modi - UBS: Okay, thanks a lot of Marty.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Hi. I also had a few questions for Marty. Marty, I know you don't really talk about consumption trend, but to the extent we are entering a period where consumption decline accelerates for the industry going forward and that is more difficult for you guys to show top line growth. What are the avenues are you looking at in terms of the increasing shareholder value in that context?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: I am sorry, you are making us reaching a conclusion that I am not sure we agree with. You are saying Judy that consumption is going to decline in the future. I think you are implying to a greater extent than you did historically and I don't know that. So I am not sure I understand the premise of the question.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: I mean, I understand, the '07 numbers are really difficult to understand because of lot of things that happened, but it does appear that the underlying consumption declined was more exaggerated in 2007 and to the extent that that trend continues going forward, I was just wondering if to the extent that it's more difficult to show top line growth for Newport. Would you look at acquisitions outside of cigarettes more aggressively which you think about cost restructuring more aggressively. I am just wondering how we think about.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Judy let me, I am sorry I am going to interrupt you. I can't speak as Jim pointed out initially. I am not going to speak to what Lorillard may or may not do in a future. I will gladly answer that when we are in a position to do so and we are in a position to articulate whatever appropriate and relevant business strategies we develop. So I am not going to speak to the future, all I am going to say is our strategy has been, our core strategy has been to optimize profitability and Newport's market performance and that's what we have been committed to and anything relative to the future I will be more than happy to offering you a discourse on some time in the not to distinct future.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Judy, I would just say that in... if you take a long-term view of history, meaning over the past five or ten years, I don't think that '07 was outside the normal at all. There are times when our volumes are up a bit, there are times when they are down a bit. For '07, our volumes were down less than 1%, so I don't know that that calls for a wholesale change in strategy.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Marty, just looking at the menthol segment, to what extend do you think Newport is benefiting from Cool taking a bit more aggressive stands on pricing they have talked about they thought that Cool has been overly promoted in the past and it looks like they scaled back to some extend on that front. Do you think you are seeing any benefit on Newport side from that trend?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: That Newport's experiencing an advantage because Cool is not promoting as aggressively?
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Yes, first of all you are seeing that, and secondly, do you think that that's the case in terms of helping Newport?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Well I don't known if I do, it could tribute Newport's position one way... or performance one way or the other to any given brand. Obviously, if and Cool has lessened their level of promotion over the last year or so, but it's hard to say I mean the growth for Newport historically anyway and our share growth certainly on a relative basis we're outperforming the other Cool. Yes, it comes from multi-sources. So yes if the competitive environment is less intense promotionally, it's a positive for Newport, sure.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Filippe Goossens with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Yes, good morning. If I may start off with a question for Pete, perhaps. The investment income was a little bit more down than we would have thought. Does that kind of mirror the comment speech you made about the Loews overall portfolio as well, in terms of the portfolio income?
Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer: Are you referring to the $22 million investment income number in the fourth quarter?
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Yes, correct.
Peter W. Keegan - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it was the reasons I gave you; one, our cash balances are lower because we bought HighMount, so they were down about approximately $1.4 billion on a year-end to year-end basis. So there's less cash. And then, as I mentioned we had lower trading gains in government and equity securities, and there were lower interest rates on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So those are the two factors.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then my question is for Marty. Marty, as it relates to the MSA step up that we experienced in 2007, what should we expect for 2008? Is there still going to be a flow through and or we can... pretty much for our on own models kind of flat line that right now?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: No, it's been reset in effect for the future. The step-up was a one-time step-up, but it will continue through in the future.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: I'll point out, that inflation adjustment... there is a minimum 3% increase annually or on adjustments and inflation, whichever is higher, and inflation has been running higher than 3%. So you really have to take a look at the inflation area impact on the MSA payments.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Other than that, the variable of the step-up will not occur again that way.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Yes, that's what I thought that was kind of the last final step-up there. Okay. Then, I think following-up on a question from Nik, earlier. Obviously, people like our sales who cover the consumer space, the question that always comes up is with regards to consumers trading down. Now, if you were to ask that same question to you Marty, if your specific demographics were to be looking at trading down, do they really have an option in the menthol category today to trade down or you are more insulated than some of your peers, let's say?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Well, I wouldn't say we are more insulated, and I really... it would be difficult for me to conclude to the extent to which the smokers in Newport would trade up or would trade down. All I can say is historically, Newport does have a unique taste signature as the menthol product in the marketplace. And historically, when there was more active trading down, if you will, when the pricing dynamic was more forceful in the past, Newport did relatively well under the circumstances. So, I think the product itself, the quality of the product, the taste characteristic of the product helps. Does that mean it would be insulated from things? I don't know about that.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. Then, any initial read on the triumph, Marty, on the smokeless side?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: No. I believe it just went in to the marketplace. We had good distribution on it, and I really don't have anything to look forward on that.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then a final question, Marty, and may be also to some extent to Jim here. If I kind of read the answer you gave Judy with regard to the trend line, whether 07 or 08 is going to be above strength line or not in terms of consumption. Can you just may be, and I think this might be very helpful for investors out there that are trying to take advantage of the opportunity today with the stock being down as it is. Marty, can you just kind of say or explain to us again the opportunities you see for Newport going forward, is it going to come largely from entering new geographies were today under benchmark or where you don't have a presence, or it's still going to come largely more from increasing the market share in those geographies where you have already a good or strong position?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: I would have to say that, the primary source of share performance will be derived from markets where Newport, and this has been the case historically, there is nothing new here, from markets where we have traditional strength. As to new markets, I think I've spoken to that point in the past, we can generate incremental business in markets that are relatively underdeveloped for our menthol brand or Newport for that matter, but it's a costly process. You are really paying fair premium in a sense on the profit side, on the margin side to achieve that. So, I think we would still have to conclude that the primary source of Newport's share performance in the market will be in markets where it has basic strength.
Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks so much there, Marty.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming form Andy Baker with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Andy Baker - Jefferies & Co.: Thanks a lot for taking the question. I was wondering if you could give us any more granularity on the reserves, I mean, can you give us a breakdown on what the Permian Basin versus Michigan versus Alabama, what your probable reserves are as well?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: You are talking about --
Andy Baker - Jefferies & Co.: HighMount.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: This is HighMount, Marty. Andy, we haven't released those yet, so I don't want to put them out now. The chances are, they will come out in our 10-K.
Andy Baker - Jefferies & Co.: Alright, fair enough. Can you talk about your sort of outlook on your stick in Boardwalk Pipeline, I mean, you are at the point now where you are getting some extra benefit from having the general partnership interest. I mean, this is I think, one of them, sort of the less understood assets. I wonder if you could give us your thoughts on the general partnership and how you expect that to play to your benefit looking at cash flow and valuation overtime?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: We always thought that having the general... 100% of the general partnership was very attractive because we get the incentive distribution like which was starting to kick in now as the returns to the limited partners goes higher. So if a long-term asset that we believe were holding and we think that it's going to be very valuable for all Loews shareholders.
Andy Baker - Jefferies & Co.: Do you think that having the general partnership, doesn't bring you technically over 80%. Does that help you retain all financial flexibility, did you tax free transactions with your business?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Well, I haven't even thought about tax free transactions. This is... an MLP is just totally different than a C-Cop. And in an MLP, the general partner has total control over the enterprise, just as in any partnership the general partner has total control and the limited partners are there as silent investors. Now, we take a lot of consideration into account for the welfare of the limited partners, because we know that the valuation of their shares affects the valuation of those. So on the one hand, we are trying to gain good value for the general partner, but we know that Loews have also lot of shares the limited partnership interest and we are doing everything we can to improve the valuation of those limited partnership shares.
Andy Baker - Jefferies & Co.: Alright great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Carol Lynch of Pioneer Investment. Please go ahead.
Carol Lynch - Pioneer Investment: Thank you. First of all, in the Scott case, it was just a cash charge and also relative to larger one of your competitors Altria Group, they took it... I think it was $26 million in the quarter you are just so much higher. Is it based on market share or why would there be such a huge disparity?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: No it's not based on market share, the ultimate award is joining several among the dependence. So everyone will pay an equal amount of whatever the total is. It is a...we took a charge in reserve in the event that we have to make the pay out to whatever... to that amount or whatever it may alter a bit. I can't speak to the difference between Lorillard's number and anyone else any other company. All I can say is our experts in this area, legal experts and accounting experts have looked at the case and the conclusion was and it obviously is a judgment that we would reserve and take the charge of the 66 pre-tax. I don't know, you have to ask if it's Altria what their rationale is, but our best judgment and it could be less than that and if it's less, then we will have a gain on that charge but right now that's the most prudent number we could deal with.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: At the end of the day, we anticipate that Lorillard will pay the same amount that Altria and Reynolds American pays. So at some point in the future, you would expect the accounting for each of these three companies to be the same. The problem now is that each management has to make an estimate of what they think the actual liability will be or whether in fact or is there any liability at all. So, you see... what you see are three different estimates from three different companies.
Carol Lynch - Pioneer Investment: What's the timeframe on a final decision here do you think?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: It's difficult to say. You have any number of issues that remains to be adjudicated. Notwithstanding, it just went back from the Louisiana State Supreme Court. It was on appeal, though Louisiana State Supreme Court did not deny the appeal or review of the decision that was made by them middle court in Louisiana. So, it goes back to the trial court and there are number of issues there. Definition of the class being one of them size of the class being another, it's a very complex situation and so it could take quite a while before it gets resolved and I really can't give you a fair estimate of the timing.
Carol Lynch - Pioneer Investment: Okay.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Carol, let me just make one clarification which is that we have a similar share to Philip Morris, USA and RAI, Reynolds American has two shares because they have both American and they have RJR and BAT.
Carol Lynch - Pioneer Investment: I see. Thank you for that. Now, my next question, you've talked about the balance sheet, the cash and the debt that are in the Carolina Group balance sheet, such as it is. For my purposes of modeling can I then say that the cash that is sitting there at Carolina Group will be transformed on to the balance sheet at Lorillard, when that's a publicly traded company?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: The Lorillard, the Carolina balance... Carolina Group's balance sheet includes the Lorillard balance sheet and the lion's share of the assets are all Lorillard, except for I believe about $100 million of cash withheld at the Carolina Group level. So, yes, most of what you see will remain with Lorillard, and in fact if you look at the S-4, I think you'll be able to see that more clearly.
Carol Lynch - Pioneer Investment: Thank you. And one last question. Do you have visibility into the level of wholesaler inventories... the levels at this point this quarter?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Yes.
Carol Lynch - Pioneer Investment: Yes? How do the inventory levels look for the wholesalers?
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: I am not going to comment on that. I am sorry. We only comment on performance for 2007 and I am afraid, I am not to going to be able to answer you at this point.
Carol Lynch - Pioneer Investment: Alright. Thank you very much. That's all I have.
Martin L. Orlowsky - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Lorillard: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is coming from Michael Millman with Soleil Securities please go ahead.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: : Thank you. Just to clarify, I think you suggested I believe in the current quarter, and I was wondering if we could project that at least quarterly through this year, you expect dividend cash flow excluding Lorillard to be about $175 million. Is that something that we can project?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Which dividend cash flow?
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Adding up from DO and CAN --
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Diamond Offshore is paying close to $100 million on a quarterly basis. CNA, I said, the sum of the quarterly dividends --
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: It's 140.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Is $140 million.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: So that would be $35 million a quarter?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: And $40 million from Boardwalk which would be where I got my 175.
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, the Diamond... I would say, yes, that's a quarterly number. Is the 175 a quarterly number you are talking about?
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Well, I am asking. That's a question. Is the 175 per quarter something that's projectable on a quarterly basis through this year?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: I can't tell you what the Boards of Directors of these companies are going to do from quarter-to-quarter, but you do you have a sense of what the quarterly numbers are and you can make your own assumptions as to whether or not those are going to continue for the next four quarters.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Okay, but the fourth quarter was 175?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that sounds about right.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: In regard to your comments that the acquisition outlook is cloudy, were you talking about the economy or were you talking about the political or both or something in addition?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: I was talking about the economy. The economic outlook is very, very difficult to discern in the next quarter or for the next year. I think if you ask a lot of different people, you will get a lot different answers. And now, maybe year ago, we thought there was more clarity, truth be told, the clarity lead you to the wrong answer. But now at least we're wiser and understand that there is a lot more volatility to the economic outlook than we had anticipated at anytime in the recent past.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: And so, is that more likely to keep you out or is that more likely for you to say, the market is totally over discounted of what's out there and make something more attractive?
James S. Tisch - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know what it's going to do. It's just the state of a fair result.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There appears to be no further questions at this time. I will turn the floor back over to you.
Darren Daugherty - Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay will be available on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Darren Daugherty - Head, IR Jim Tisch - CEO Peter Keegan - CFO Marty Orlowsky - CEO of Lorillard 
Analysts: Bonnie Herzog - Citigroup Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse David Adelman -Morgan Stanley Bob Glasspiegel -Langen McAlenney Andy Baker - Jefferies & Company David Siniscalchi - Renaissance Technology Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning. My name is Melissa, and I'll be your be yourconference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to theLoews' Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placedon mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, therewill be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over toyour host, Darren Daugherty, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may beginyour conference.
Darren Daugherty: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning everyone, and welcome toLoews Corporation's third quarter 2007 earnings conference call. A copy of theearnings releases for Loews Corporation and Carolina Group may be found on ourwebsite, Loews.com. On the call this morning are Jim Tisch, the Chief ExecutiveOfficer of Loews; and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. Theywill be joined by Marty Orlowsky, Chief Executive Officer of Lorillard. Before we begin, I would like to make a few briefdisclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call willinclude the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actualresults achieved by the company may differ materially from those projectionsmade in any forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the timethey are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update orrevise any forward-looking statements. This disclaimer is only a brief summaryof the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge youto read the full disclaimer, which is included in the company's 10-K and 10-Qfilings with the SEC. I'd also like to remind you that during this call today, wemay discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. With regard to such, pleaserefer to our Securities filings for reconciliation to the most comparable GAAPmeasures. After Jim, Peter, and Marty have discussed our results, wewill have a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask questions andare listening via the webcast, please use the dial-in number to participate:877-692-2592. I would now like to turn the call over to Loews' ChiefExecutive Officer, Jim Tisch.
Jim Tisch: Thanks, Darren, and good morning everybody and welcome.Loews' had a reasonably good third quarter. Each of our subsidiary companies performedwell during the period. However, the otherwise excellent results for thequarter were somewhat diminished by a previously announced $96 millionafter-tax charge to earnings related to the settlement of arbitration CNAinsurance subsidiary. In August, we completed the acquisition of HighMountExploration & Production Company. HighMount is the name of the company weformed to hold the natural gas assets acquired this summer from DominionResources. The company hit the ground running and performed well during itsfirst two months operations. In addition to making a successful transition to astandalone company, HighMount was able to achieve a 100% success rate for the 103wells it drilled during the quarter. Hopefully this will be a sign of things tocome. Also, during the quarter, we announced our plan to divestour Bulova Watch subsidiary. Bulova has been a steady performer ever sinceLoews' acquired a controlling interest in 1979. The price we are receiving forour smaller subsidiary will ease the pain of parting with Bulova. Thetransaction is expected to close in January of '08. CNA reported another very solid quarter in its core P&Coperations, although its bottom line was negatively impacted by the arbitrationsettlements and by realized investment losses. In recognition of CNA's improvedfundamental Fitch upgraded CNA's insurance financial strength ratings to A fromA minus earlier this month.  Like last year's third quarter, a mild hurricane season keptcatastrophe losses to very modest level. CNA has exercised enormous disciplinein its underwriting and is more focused than ever underwriting good business inthe softening insurance market.  Good underwriting aided by favorable prior year development,led to improvement of the combined ratio, which decreased to 91.6% for P&Coperations in the third quarter. This represents a 3 percentage pointimprovement versus a comparable prior year period. Additionally, in view of the strong earnings, CNA announcedan increase in the quarterly dividend on its common stock from $0.10 to $0.15per share. This action will deliver increased cash to shareholders and willprovide Loews with almost $145 million in dividend income from CNA on an annualbasis. Diamond Offshore again posted excellent results, as dayrates for floating rigs continued to exhibit ongoing strength. Midwater anddeepwater rig demand remained healthy, especially in international markets,where contract term in the deepwater segment is increasing. Benefiting from thesefactors, Diamond's revenue backlog currently stands at $8.5 billion. Over the past two years, Diamond Offshore has returned cashto shareholders by paying an annual special dividend in addition to its regular$0.0125 quarterly dividend. The company paid a special annual dividend of $1.50per share in January of 06 and a $4 per share special dividend in January ofthis year.  Last week, Diamond's Board of Directors announced that in lieuof the annual special dividend, it has adopted a policy of considering payingspecial dividends on a quarterly basis along with regular dividends. The firstsuch special quarterly dividend was set at a $1.25 per share. For the quarter,the regular and special dividend represents a payment to Loews of almost $100million.  Boardwalk Pipeline Partners recorded solid results for thequarter, and it continued to make headway on its numerous expansion projects.Strong demand for gas transportation services pushed up reservations ratesversus the prior-year third quarter, though revenues for gas storage and parkand loan services remained flat. For the third quarter, Boardwalk has announced a cashdistribution of $0.45 per quarter, which represents the 7th consecutivequarterly increase since Boardwalk went public. This payment results inquarterly cash flow to Loews of $40 million. Lorillard had another record quarter, posting its highestever net income. The decline in volume as compared to the third quarter of lastyear was more than offset by strength in pricing. As usual, Marty Orlowsky willdiscuss operating results in greater detail in a few minutes. Finally, as you will hear in a moment from Pete Keegan,Lorillard has declared a dividend, which will allow for the reduction of theCarolina Group's notional debt by almost half from its current level of $829million. I will now hand things over to our Chief Financial Officer,Pete Keegan who will provide additional detail on our financial results. Pete?
Peter Keegan: Thanks, Jim and good morning everyone. In the third quarter,Loews reported consolidated net income of $555.7 million versus $635.1 millionin the third quarter of 2006. Net income for Loews' common stock was $410million or $0.77 per share, compared to $517.2 million, or $0.94 per share inthe third quarter of 2006. Net investment losses were 31.1 million versus gains of $30.7million in the prior year's third quarter. Losses mainly consisted of otherthan temporary impairment losses in CNA's portfolio, largely earned securitiesfor which CNA did not have an intent to hold until it anticipated recovery inthe value. Net income for Carolina Group stock increased to $145.7million or $1.34 per share from $117.9 million or $1.17 per share in the thirdquarter of 2006. The main drivers were higher effective unit pricing and theincreased weighted average number of Carolina Group shares outstanding afterthe sales of Carolina Group stock in August of last year. The change in thenumber of shares outstanding does not affect per share results. Lorillard contributed $97.4 million to net income for Loewscommon stock during the quarter versus $100.9 million in the prior year thirdquarter. Lorillard's contribution was impacted by the reduction of Loews's economicinterest in the Carolina Group resulting from the sale of Carolina Group stock.Loews Corporation owns $65.4 million share equivalents, representing a 37.6%economic interest in the Carolina Group. Lorillard recorded charges of $177.5 million and $149.3million after taxes for the third quarters of 2007 and 2006 respectively toaccrue for obligations under the state settlement agreements. CNA contributed$189.2 million to Loews's net income in the third quarter versus $257 millionin the prior year third quarter. CNA previously disclosed a settlement relatedto a run-off book of business, which decreased Loews's net income by $96.4million. Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income rose to $95million from $81.8 million in the third quarter of 2006. It was driven byincreased day rates to high specification floaters in mid-water semisubmersiblerigs. Year-over-year comparison of third quarter results isaffected by a reduction in Loews's ownership interest from 54% to 51% duringthe first quarter of 2007 when the number of shares outstanding increased uponconversion of Diamond's 1.5% debentures due in 2031. For its first quarter ofoperation, actually consisting of only two months, HighMount reported netincome of $18.7 million. Natural gas production during the quarter was 13.7 billioncubic feet at an average realized price of $5.29 per thousand cubic feet.Natural gas liquids productions was 582,000 barrels at an average price of$44.33 per barrel. In oil production, it was 38.1 thousand barrels at anaverage price of $72.88 per barrel. Revenue for the quarter was $100.2 million. Boardwalk Pipeline's contribution to Loews's third quarternet income was $18.1 million versus $15.9 million in the third quarter of 2006.Comparison of results between the third quarters of 2007 and 2006 is affectedby secondary equity offerings by Boardwalk during the fourth quarter of 2006and the first quarter of 2007. The increase in limited partner units outstanding reducedLoews's total ownership interest to 75% from 85%, and proportionately decreasedLoews's share of net income. The equity offering did not affect our 100%ownerships of the general partner. Loews Hotels net income for the third quarter was $4.1million versus $5.1 million in the prior year third quarter, which benefitedfrom the lower effective tax rate related to a federal income tax settlement.Net investment income primarily consisting of gains in Loews' trading portfoliowas $37.2 million versus $38.9 million in the prior year third quarter. As of September 30th 2007, holding company cash andinvestments totaled $3.2 billion. The most significant change from the priorquarter was the payment of $2.4 billion in conjunction over the acquisition ofHighmount. Additionally, we received $316.8 million of dividends fromour subsidiaries. We paid $82.4 million of dividends to our shareholders, andwe repurchased $287.6 million of common stock. With regard to the announcedsale of our subsidiary Bulova, we estimate that we will realize a gain on thesales of approximately $105 million before taxes in the first quarter of 2008,when closing is expected to occur. Holding company debt of $865 remains unchanged from theprevious quarter. Lorillard ended the quarter with $1.8 billion in cash andinvestments. Loews has been informed by Lorillard that the LorillardBoard has declared a quarterly dividend to the Carolina Group of $244 millionand a special dividend of $250 million. The special dividend amount was determined by the LorillardBoard after a review of its working capital and current and future needs.Assuming that at its next scheduled meeting, the Loews Board following itsregular practice, declares the Carolina Group dividend of $0.455 per share ofCG stock and applies all remaining amounts after notional debt interest paymentand other costs to notional debt pay down, then the amount of CG notional debtwould decline from the current $829 million to approximately $423 million. I will now turn the call over to Marty Orlowsky atLorillard. Marty?
Marty Orlowsky: Thanks, Peter. Good morning, everyone. For the third quarterof 2007 as compared with the third quarter of 2006, Lorillard's operatingincome and net income increased 5.9% and 11.3% respectively. These increaseswere achieved despite total Lorillard wholesale units shipments being down 1.6%for the third quarter of '07 versus Q3 '06. Offsetting the effects of the negative unit shipment onoperating profits, were higher effective unit prices, due to lower promotionalspending, and higher pricing related to primarily a price increase taken inDecember 2006 and secondarily in September of '07. Contributing to the increasein net income, in addition to the aforementioned was higher investment incomeand a lower effective tax rate as compared with the previous year's period. Lorillard's wholesale shipment decline of 1.6% for the thirdquarter of '07 versus the third quarter of '06 was inline with the industry'soverall rate of decline. Wholesale's market share of 9.97% for the thirdquarter of '07 was flat as compared with the third quarter of '06. For the nine months ending September 2007, wholesale unitshipments were up 0.3% and market share was up 0.39% comparing the prior-yearperiod. Newport'swholesale shipment share was flat at about 9.14% of the market and volume wasoff 1.6% for Q3 '07 compared with Q3 '06. Wholesale purchase patterns ininventory levels during the third quarter of '07 were affected by distributorsbuying in anticipation of price increases and new brand introductions. Comparing Q3 with Q3'06 performance at retail, Lorillardexperienced 1.1% decline in unit shipped from wholesalers to their retailaccounts. And the industry declined by 3.8%. Newport'sretail volume was up 1.1% and gained 0.26 of the share point at retail for thesame periods of comparison. The menthol segment accounted for 28.4% of retail sales inthe third quarter of '07, according to our data, reflecting an increase of 0.6of the share point versus last years third quarter. Newport's33.8% share of the menthol segment represented of 0.2 of the segment sharepoint increases compared with Q3'06. Lorillard performance during the thirdquarter of 2007 was consistent with the Company's core strategy of balancing Newport's marketplaceperformance and the Company's overall profitability. Depending on market conditions, brand trends and competitivefactors, Lorillard will continue to consider making appropriate adjustments,periodically towards promotional spending. I would also add that Lorillard is pleased that in additionto its regular third quarter earnings related dividend, it declared anadditional special dividend this month as Peter indicated. In considering thisdividend for Lorillard Broad reviewed its current ongoing cash and capitalneeds of the Company in light of its current cash balances. However, as I've stated many times in the past, whether ornot the [escrow] agreement is in effect, Lorillard's will have ongoing cash,working capital and other capital needs that the Lorillard Board will carefullyconsider before making any future dividend declarations. Thank you and I'll now turn it back to Darren.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We'll pause for just amoment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question is coming from BonnieHerzog with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog -Citigroup: All right. Thank you. Good morning.
Jim Tisch: Good morning.
Bonnie Herzog -Citigroup: I have certainly a few questions. Let me start off with CarolinaGroup, Marty. I was hoping you could answer for me what the main reason was forthe decreased promotional spending this quarter? I am curious, was it becauseyou were all having such difficult volume counts, and you thought that that wasa faster way to achieve the earnings growth that you wanted? And, so depending on how you answer that question, I amcurious if we should expect lower commercial spending in the future? And then,it's very intriguing because I'm also curious about how you think about balancingyour promotional spending in volume growth, especially of a likely federalasset tax increase?
Marty Orlowsky: Okay. Let me try to answer the first part. First, theconsideration in terms of our spending levels in promotion are not based onanything to do with how difficult the prior year's quarter was. We don't takethat into consideration. As I've said repeatedly, our decisions are based onwhere we see the outlook. And again, we're not looking at a quarter-to-quarter.We don't take a quarter-to-quarter viewpoint. We're looking at, as I've also said repeatedly, a long-termperspective. So from the long-term perspective, we've felt that given thebrands strength and competitive factors that we were in a position to lower ourspending to balance out the profitability side. And that doesn't imply anythingbeyond, for that period of time, the decision we make given the circumstancesof the trends and competitive factors that were occurring. So, we are looking at the long-term. It doesn't make -- thethird quarter of '07 obviously is important. We want to optimize ourperformance in any given quarter, but we're also taking a much longer termview. And over the longer haul for this year, on a year-to-date basis throughthe end of September as I indicated, we're in a pretty positive position. Andwe strongly have outperformed the industry in terms of unit shipped and marketshare performance. So I think you have to look at it on a more holistic basisthan just the quarter. Relative to the FET, I'm really not going to comment, Idon't know whether, in fact, there will be an FET increase. And we will makewhatever decisions we feel appropriate, depending on whatever occurs on thefederal tax level to be consistent with our strategy. And we will attempt to thedegree possible to balance the profitability factor and the Newport brand's performance factor.
Bonnie Herzog -Citigroup: Okay. That's helpful. And certainly I do appreciate that,because I know you do think the long-term view. And that does dig anotherquestion just in terms of the fourth quarter because your comps are also quitetough, specifically for Newport. And just based on my back of the envelope calculation, Ithink you're going to have to generate, or Newport is going to have to generate volumegrowth in the range of at least 8% to sort of generate the full year brandvolume growth that we've seen for that, I guess, that brand for the lastseveral years. Is that fair, Marty, so you're facing some difficult comps?
Marty Orlowsky: Well, to be honest with you, Bonnie, I haven't truly donethe calculation because it really would be inconsistent with what I've justsaid. We're not looking at comparative performance per se to drive ourdecision-making. So I honestly have not done that comparison. I'll take yourword for it that we need an 8% increase in volume.
Bonnie Herzog -Citigroup: Roughly, yeah.
Marty Orlowsky: But that's not really the point. The point is, we're lookingto have a very positive year. And as you well know, we don't say guidelines orprovide guidance. So, we hope to be able to deliver a positive performancefactor. And that will be the best balance between profitability in the Newport brand'sperformance that we feel we can generate.
Bonnie Herzog -Citigroup: Okay. And then, Jim, can I turn to you for just a moment,just with one final question. And it certainly relates to Marty, of course,with the notional debt and the pay down on very positive something that I thinka lot of us have been expecting, so it doesn't necessarily come as a greatsurprise. But, I'm curious when you are anticipating all of the notional debtto be paid down, is that still a goal for Loews?
Jim Tisch: Absolutely, positively. We've said that. We've been sayingthat for a long time that our goal is to pay down all of the notional debt. Andthen, once all that is paid down, then the cash flow of Carolina Group will beavailable for dividends for all shareholders.
Bonnie Herzog -Citigroup: Did you just do -- am I understanding correctly that youpaid down half of the notional debt roughly, is that correct, Jim, and then --but you're you still paying a dividend?
Jim Tisch: Yeah. That's what we've always done. We've paid quarterlydividend, and then we use the -- first, we pay the interest expense, then onthe notional debt, then we pay the dividend, and then whatever cash isleftover, we use to reduce the notional debt. Over the years that notional debthas been reduced from $2.5 billion, when Carolina Group went public, to nowjust over $400 million. And what I said was that the notional debt has been reducedin this latest period from just over $800 million to just over $400 million. Sowe have $400 million more to go before all the cash flow of Carolina Group canbe used for only dividends as opposed to dividends and repayment of debt.
Bonnie Herzog -Citigroup: Okay.
Peter Keegan: Finally, I just want a technical qualification. The LoewsBoard has not yet declared these dividends.
Bonnie Herzog -Citigroup: Okay.
Peter Keegan: So, we are making an assumption here.
Bonnie Herzog -Citigroup: I appreciate that. That helps me. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Judy Hong withGoldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - GoldmanSachs: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. First question, again goingback to the notional paid out in the quarter, the fact that you chose todeclare to pay down the half of the existing notional debt that's outstanding,does that imply that the net worth requirement under the agreement is still inplace even though the US Supreme Court rejected this request?
Marty Orlowsky: Well, I'm going to speak for Lorillard. I'm not going tospeak for paying down half the debt. That's a Carolina Group decision at Loews.The net worth requirement is not necessarily a factor that we're dealing withhere. We determined -- it so happens we're still above the net worthrequirement as per the annual agreement in declaring the special dividend. But the reality is we made a decision based on all of thefactors that I mentioned in terms of our requirements for cash and otherconsiderations. So it really isn't tied necessarily to the net worth covenant.However, we're still in the conformance with it.
Judy Hong - GoldmanSachs: Okay. So then, following up on that, when do you expect tosee net worth requirement to be lifted? Is it after the industry -- I think theindustry filed for a rehearing on this, if the US Supreme Court comes back andthey reject the rehearing, at that point is the net worth requirement lifted?
Marty Orlowsky: Well, you are correct. There was a filing for a rehearing onFriday. However, I'm going to put it in these terms. The way this has evolvedin terms of the issue as it relates to this completeness of review question,which is the factor that triggers the agreement, I think we're really comingout is when the trial court in Florida that has responsibility for thedisposition and determination of completeness of review relative to the Inglecase makes its decision, then I would have to say that that would be the pointin time. I don't think it's for us to comment any further than thatregarding the specifics of the issue, but it really does come down to the judgein the trial court making that ultimate determination.
Judy Hong - GoldmanSachs: And is the decision by the trial court to say that the networth requirement is no longer in play, is that in any way tied to the escrowagreement that also exist both on the refundable and the nonrefundable side, orwould that matter be taken care by the trial court separately?
Marty Orlowsky: Well, I think it's all one -- look, the agreement is onlytied to the completeness of review. If the trial court determines that it givescompleteness of review, then the agreement, the terms of the agreement are nolonger in effect. So, whatever aspect that implies, that's what happens. Andthat would obviously imply that there is no longer need for a net worth kind oflimitation. And it would also -- the court would then have to decide howto dispose off the dollars that are being held as part of this agreement. Butthe essential part here is a determination as to whether or not
Jim Tisch: Judy, one slight correction on to what you asked. None ofthe $200 million of enhanced bond is refundable to us.
Peter Keegan: You were referring to that though, right.
Judy Hong - GoldmanSachs: Yeah, youve indicated in the past that, that non-refundableportion you are not likely to go after.
Jim Tisch: No, what we were saying is there is really no refundableportion to us.
Judy Hong - GoldmanSachs: Its just the net worth requirement portion for you guys.Okay. And then, Marty, just in terms of your business, it seems like in thequarter, even sort of looking at more of the retail takeaway numbers, the sharegrowth was a little bit softer than kind of what we are been seeing in the pastfew quarters, and Im just curious, does that reflect even more heightenedcompetitive landscape in the menthol segment? And is the share growth justbecoming a little bit more difficult to achieve in the current competitivelandscape in the menthol segment?
Marty Orlowsky: No, I wouldnt conclude that necessarily. Its more of anindication of the relative promotional levels behind Newport as opposed to anything else. Andshare, obviously is affected, because there was a major line extensionintroduced in the third quarter that inflated if you will the universe. So, itwould sort of proportionately affect the lack of promotional affect on Newport's volume. So, Iwould say its more a result of Newportsdecision as opposed to anything else.
Judy Hong - GoldmanSachs: Okay. And, then just one final question for you, Jim. WhenLoews issued a tracking stock of Carolina Group years ago, and then IPO, therewere a number of factors why you choose to go with the tracking stockstructure, the tax implications, the ability for Loews to have full control ofLorillard's capital structure. I'm just wondering if all those factors arestill in place in terms of maintaining their current tracking stock structurefor Carolina Group. And at what point or what factors will prompt you to maybechange the tracking stock structure to a common stock structure?
Jim Tisch: Judy, we're very happy with a tracking stock structure. Itwas done, I believe, for all the right reasons and it has served both the Loewsshareholders' well and the Carolina Group shareholders' well, so we're veryhappy with how it has workout.
Judy Hong - GoldmanSachs : Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question is coming from FilippeGoossens with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Filippe Goossens -Credit Suisse: Yes. Good morning. Most of my questions have been answeredalready, but let me just kind of add a couple here. Marty, last week one ofyour competitors decided to move forward in terms of moving towards morefire-resistant paper by 2009. Can you just kind of share with us what yourplans would be for that issue? And what is the availability of papers and whatextra if any; cost would be to make that switch?
Marty Orlowsky: I'm really not going to comment on it, Filippe, I'm awarethat Reynolds made that announcement, but I have no real comment to make on anyspecific basis.
Filippe Goossens -Credit Suisse: Okay.
Marty Orlowsky: Obviously, we're moving along in accordance with whateverthe state laws are and whatever other decisions we make we'll do as we go alonghere, but I don't have any other comment on it.
Filippe Goossens -Credit Suisse: Okay. That's fine. Then Maverick, good growth there again,in that side of the portfolio, can you just kind of refresh our minds what thelonger-term strategy is with some of the, what I would call perhaps thenon-core brands including Maverick?
Marty Orlowsky: Well, essentially nothing has changed, as you've described,the non-core brands Kent,True, Max, Satin and Old Gold for that matter, which is one of the otherdiscount brands, in addition to Maverick. We are basically optimizing theirprofitability. Maverick has shown growth, it was up a healthy almost 32% inthe third quarter. Its a low margin proposition, we've always said that we aremaintaining that as sort of a place holder, if you will, in that segment of themarket, it has done well for us. We don't loose money on it obviously, but it'salso obviously modestly profitable. And for the other brands long-term, theygenerate profit for us, and that hasn't changed for the last many, many years.
Filippe Goossens -Credit Suisse: Okay. Then the next question, Marty, have you seen anychange in the pricing structure of Commonwealth and to what extend do youactively actually monitor Commonwealth given that there menthol brands arereally not at all that relevant in the space?
Marty Orlowsky: Well, we monitor all brands, regardless of whether they arementhol or non-menthol, that doesn't mean we take action obviously to allbrands. Yeah, I think, I am not actually factually certain, but I believethey've had some price increases at the Commonwealth level for their discountbrands. I think, I am correct in that. Other than that, we don't reallymaintain too close sort of an evaluation on those brands.
Filippe Goossens -Credit Suisse: Okay. Then my final question, if I may, Marty. Somethingthat has come up in the past, but it just happens to come back during our conversationswith investors. Its again the joint venture with Swedish Match. And I am notgoing to ask you what you are doing at this current juncture or when we willhear something perhaps. The question that comes back to me from investors is,given that nothing has happened and given that it was really not a materialevent, what made you to disclose that joint venture to begin with? And not towait until there was really a product to be rolled out?
Marty Orlowsky: There was no sort of magic formulae here; we just decidedthat since we entered into a joint venture it was a unique occurrence for us.That we would let the public know that we were in such a venture, I dont thinkit was anything more than that, just information.
Filippe Goossens -Credit Suisse: Okay, fair enough. Thank you so much, Marty.
Marty Orlowsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Adelmanwith Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Adelman -Morgan Stanley: Good morning, everyone.
Jim Tisch: Good morning.
David Adelman -Morgan Stanley: Marty, let me ask you a few things first, if the $921million Lorillard net worth requirement is not by any constraint, I am a littlepuzzled, why you wouldn't have paid down substantially more debt this month. Inother words, if you had made these divided payments during the third quarter,looks to me like Lorillard's book value would be about $1 billion, its cashlevel would be a about $1.2 billion. Even less the MSA accrual, since March,you probably have $700 million in cash, and I am just curious, what do youthink in the current legal and regulatory environment the appropriate cashbalances is for Lorillard?
Marty Orlowsky: David, I am going to leave my comment as I made on it andthat is we took into consideration, the Lorillard Board. All of, whatevercapital and cash needs we have in light of the cash on hand, and relative toworking capital and other contingent needs factored into this thing. I am notgoing get into any detail about that. And other than to say that the Lorillardboard sells that, we could make a $250 million special dividend declarationgiven that we had that money to declare. And Im really not going to get intoany other specifics about it.
David Adelman -Morgan Stanley: Lorillard's Board Marty typically meets once a quarter?
Marty Orlowsky: Thats correct.
David Adelman -Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then in terms of your promotional spending in themarket place, did it tweak up just slightly, sequentially from the secondquarter level?
Marty Orlowsky: I actually dont know or can. I dont think so I dont knowthat well get back to you on that.
David Adelman -Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then Marty the retail market share of Newport during the thirdquarter was what?
Marty Orlowsky: The retail?
David Adelman -Morgan Stanley: Yeah.
Marty Orlowsky: Retail market share during the third quarter was 9.59%.
David Adelman -Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you. And then, Jim, if I could, have there beenany material changes during the last several months in Loews investmentportfolio in light of all of the volatility and asset prices in the Capitalmarkets?
Jim Tisch: No, not all. The Loews portfolio which is now about $3.5billion has been invested primarily in treasuries and some equities, but theearnings of that portfolio are reported every quarter on a mark-to-market basisin our income statement. And Im being corrected here, its a $3.2 billion not$3.5 billion, high round up.
David Adelman -Morgan Stanley: And then, Jim, as it relates to the actual mechanics goingforward after the remaining notional intercompany debt has been paid down, as apractical matter, given the intent to pay out to all Carolina Groupshareholders the available cash, and assuming that there is no further increasein that layer of CG reserves, which I think is $100 million, does that mean asa practical matter the mechanics is that a CG shareholder or a non-CGshareholder essential will have 100% pay out of the prior quarters cash flowassuming that that's been fully paid up to Loews?
Jim Tisch: That makes sense, yes. There will be no more interestexpense on the notional debt and there will be no more amortization to getitself. So all the cash flow coming up to CG will be available subject to thediscussion of the Board to be paid out to all the CG shareholders.
David Adelman -Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then lastly, Jim, could you comment for a momenton high amount, what exactly over the last several months has transpired? Inother words, I don't think it was actually an operating entity. What kind ofstructure has been created and the, sort of, the revenue and then the operatingprofit levels that were generated from that business during this stub period,how did those compare versus your internal expectations when you did thetransaction?
Jim Tisch: We have two months of operations timeout. And it performedbasically as we expected. The main thing that drove it, also of ourexpectations, was the change that occurred this summer in natural gas prices.But we have about 30% of our gas prices hedged for this year and about, Ithink, another 30% hedged for next year. So it's 20% that's hedged for thisyear and 30% hedged for next year. We basically took properties that we received from Dominionand put them into HighMount, which is our corporation that holds our gasexploration and production properties. And we've taken over a substantialnumber of the employees from Dominion, and now it's operating within Loews as astandalone subsidiary in that business.
David Adelman -Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Bob Glasspiegelwith Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead.
Bob Glasspiegel -Langen McAlenney: Good morning. Following up on the HighMount questions, is thereany seasonality in the business as we think about modeling and what are theother sort of important factors that will cause sort of monthly pattern tochange from what you reported this quarter?
Jim Tisch: The prime factor in seasonality relates to gas prices. Andif you look at the gas futures, you'd see the gas prices tend to peak inDecember, January, February. Then they tend to go down into the spring, ormaybe go up a bit in the summer when there is air-conditioning demand, and thendecline again in the early fall before going up again into the winter time.
Bob Glasspiegel -Langen McAlenney: I assume it's all related to sales of the stuff in theground, the net asset value doesn't flow through the income statement likebuns?
Jim Tisch: No. Definitely no. That's right.
Bob Glasspiegel -Langen McAlenney: Okay. So, it's all operationally driven by the patterns. So,the first quarter should be the big seasonal quarter?
Jim Tisch: That's correct.
Bob Glasspiegel -Langen McAlenney: And I would assume the third quarter would be late, right?
Jim Tisch: That's correct.
Bob Glasspiegel -Langen McAlenney: Okay. So, this should be sort of a below trend run rate on amonthly basis from a seasonal point of view?
Jim Tisch: We certainly hope that. Yes. For example, in September, wegot down to gas prices with a $5 handle on it, and now we're up to $7.5 or $8.
Bob Glasspiegel -Langen McAlenney: And were there any sort of frontloaded expenses to get goingto press things or any sort of one timers that
Marty Orlowsky: Well, there are some transition expenses that are actuallygoing to going on for a few quarters.
Bob Glasspiegel -Langen McAlenney: So this quarter's run rate is a little bit late for themonth or so, but it will continue for a bit?
Marty Orlowsky: It's kind of hard to answer that question because we don'thave prior year comps at this point. We're really looking at two months ofactivity with no prior year. But we do have some transitional expenses whichare going to go well into the first and second quarter of next year.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Canyou give the limited and general split in dividends received in the thirdquarter from Boardwalk?
Jim Tisch: Yeah. Well, we are just fumbling through our book to getthat.
Bob Glasspiegel -Langen McAlenney: Because the general is now starting to be immaterial.
Peter Keegan: I just got the total.
Jim Tisch: Bob, we don't have that right now.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Well,I'll get that Darren later, hopefully. Thank you.
Marty Orlowsky: Well, the total dividend we received, this includes the GPin the third quarter, was $39.8 million.
Bob Glasspiegel -Langen McAlenney: Do you have the prior quarter maybe that would help me?
Marty Orlowsky: Well, I can give you year-to-date. The year-to-date is$115.4 million. that's nine months.
Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Okay. Youmight be doing some work probably I can get it from there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Andy Baker withJefferies & Company. Please go ahead.
Andy Baker -Jefferies & Company: Thanks for taking the question. Going back to HighMountagain and sticking with the theme, can you sort of give us a sense of thelevels of these transition expenses? And then also, how do the operatingexpenses vary quarter-to-quarter along with gas prices? In other words, isthere a lot more leverage as gas prices rise in the winter months here, evenyour ordinary operating expenses to stay flat so you get much expense in themargin in that period?
Peter Keegan: Transition expenses, we don't really want to give thatnumber out right now.
Andy Baker -Jefferies & Company: Thank you.
Peter Keegan: What was the other question?
Andy Baker -Jefferies & Company: How much operating leverage you see in the model based onpricing? So if pricing doubles, do operative expenses stay the same as price
Jim Tisch: We should produce in the course of the year between 100 and125 Bcf of natural gas. So every dollar in Mcf change in price for natural gasleads to a pre-tax income change of $100 million to $125 million.
Andy Baker -Jefferies & Company: Okay. So no extra expenses, that's good. And could you givethe prices at which you have hedged your gas this year and next?
Jim Tisch: We don't have that available right now. And as I think aboutit, I really don't want to put ourselves in a position where we're constantlydisclosing our hedge pricing.
Andy Baker -Jefferies & Company: Fair enough. Can you give the reserve levels currently orare we going to get that quarterly, annually?
Jim Tisch: We don't have that at hand right now.
Andy Baker -Jefferies & Company: All right. Can you just repeat the barrels of oil that youproduced?
Jim Tisch: We don't produce any oil. We produce natural gas liquids.And that's about 582,000 barrels for the third quarter, which represents twomonths.
Andy Baker -Jefferies & Company: Alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from [David Siniscalchiwith Renaissance Technology]
David Siniscalchi -Renaissance Technology: Good morning, guys. I have two questions. First question isfor Marty, and that is given how seldom, you have launched line extension tocompare to your competitors, can you talk about new about Newport Medium andhow that compliments the Newportfranchise? The second question is probably for Jim, and that is can youdiscuss your intentions with respect to succession planning for the CEOposition at Lorillard, is this process handled by the Lowes' Board or theLorillard Board? Is there any preference to hire internally or externallywithin or outside the industry? And if the latter, is there a search ongoing?Thanks a lot.
Marty Orlowsky: Well, let me answer. Maybe I'll answer both questions actually.Newport Medium has been out for a while as a line extension, I assume that'swhat you're referring to. And it was simply a matter of establishing an optionin terms of the choice of the taste of the Newport brand. That was relatively somewhatconsistent with what other menthol brands that didn't offer, and you are milesout there for competitive products, and so we felt that we would introducesomething in that taste range. We do have a brand in test right now called [EmBlend], whichis unique blend it's in a small market in test. And again, our philosophy to line extensions is to try to round out, theappeal of the Newportline in the terms of what we believe or hope that the smokers have preferencesfor us regarding the different taste and flavor levels of the product. We are not that active, we don't introduce line extensions,simply to generate volume out there. So, when we do, we try to do it in adiscipline way, where it offers some tangible benefit that we think mighttranslate into incremental volume and truly incremental volume, as apposed tojust volume that cost money. Let me respond to the succession since, Lorillard deals withsuccession for it self. We obviously have a succession plan in place, whetheror not, we go inside or outside. We will always look to see if we can get thebest candidate for the job. There is no active search going on at the moment.And since I don't have any plans to retire literally at the moment.
David Siniscalchi -Renaissance Technology: Okay. Thanks.
Marty Orlowsky: I hope that answers your question?
David Siniscalchi -Renaissance Technology: It does, thanks..
Marty Orlowsky: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Michael Millmanwith Soleil Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Millman -Soleil Securities: Thank you. Ive got a couple of questions. On the Highmount,on the gas properties, what have you seen in terms of the market for gasproperties over the last six months or so, since you first bought it and now?
Jim Tisch: I would say to some extent we've seen an up tick in pricedriven by the master limited partnerships, that are trying to buy property fortheir MLPs. So, there is been a slight up tick in price.
Michael Millman -Soleil Securities: Okay. And regarding the hotels, you seem to or I thinkyou've talked about a bit, moving more towards emphasizing brands, can you talkabout or give us some color as to how you think this changes the operationgoing on?
Jim Tisch: There really hasnt been a change. We have one brand whichis a Loews Hotels brand and there's been no change in the way we promote thatbrand or our individual hotels.
Michael Millman -Soleil Securities: Are you trying to broaden that brand into getting into someof the resort properties, that you have this Las Vegas property and to maybe even to timeshare?
Jim Tisch: Well, as you know, we are constantly trying to expand thebrand in both cities and resorts. We've already got a number of resortproperties, five of them in Florida,and then few others scattered around the country. And Las Vegas is the latestresort property, so those that are going to head of the strips, looking for theLowes hotel, you are not going to find it on the strip, you'll find it about 30minutes away in a place called Lake Las Vegas, that can give people that wantto go to Las Vegas access to the city without actually being there.
Michael Millman -Soleil Securities: Any plans to get into time share or fraction ofcondominiums?
Jim Tisch: No. We have no plans.
Michael Millman -Soleil Securities: And I apologize, but can you repeat what the cash and debtposition, and take into account the Diamond special?
Jim Tisch: At the end of the quarter, we have $3.2 billion. We had debtof $855 million and now what we do the addition for the dividends that we arereceiving.
Michael Millman -Soleil Securities: Anything else we should be adding on to that?
Jim Tisch: Not anything, that will make a significant difference.
Michael Millman -Soleil Securities: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Judy Hong with GoldmanSachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - GoldmanSachs: Yeah hi, I just had a follow-up question on how Lorillardcash gets [dived] up the Carolina Group. Right now the policy is that 100% of Lorillardcash gets split up to Carolina Group on a quarterly basis. Is that correct?
Marty Orlowsky: Yes.
Judy Hong - GoldmanSachs: Okay. And would there be any reason to think that that wouldchange in your evaluation of what the right capital structure for Lorillardwould be going forward?
Marty Orlowsky: Well, Judy. I'm going to give you the same answer I gaverelative to anything to do with how we declared dividends or/and what factorswe take into consideration. Anything relative to dividend policy or the amountof the dividend, it will be based on the Lorillard's Boards determination atgiven points in time, to its needs and what opportunities there might be. So, I really can't speak to anything in terms of specifics,relative to the future. What we did this time around as a Board does notnecessarily imply anything in the future either, So, look there is nodifference in our approach just because we declared the special dividend today.It is consistent frankly with our policy of declaring dividends up to Lowesbased on our ability to do so. And our ability to do so is predicated on thevariables that I have mentioned several times today. So, whatever the futurepolicy is that will depend on those variables.
Judy Hong - GoldmanSachs: Okay. Thanks.
Marty Orlowsky: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. At time I would like to turn the floor back overto Darren Daugherty for any closing remarks. 
Darren Daugherty: Thank you for joining us on the call today. A replay will beavailable on our website, loews.com, in approximately two hours. That concludestoday's call. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Loews' conference call.You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-30 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Darren Daugherty - IR   Jim Tisch - CEO   Peter Keegan - CFO   Marty Orlowsky - CEO, Lorillard 
Analysts: Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney   Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs   David Adelman - Morgan Stanley   Nik Modi - UBS   Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse   Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch   Ann Gurkin - Davenport   Michael Millman - Soleil Securities 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Darren Daugherty, Director of Investor Relations for Loews. Please go ahead, sir. 
 Darren Daugherty:  Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Loews Corporation second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. A copy of the earnings releases for Loews Corporation and Carolina Group may be found on our website, Loews.com. Also on the call this morning are Jim Tisch, the Chief Executive Officer of Loews; and Peter Keegan, the Chief Financial Officer of Loews. They will be joined by Marty Orlowsky, Chief Executive Officer of Lorillard.  Before we begin, I would like to make a few brief disclosures concerning forward-looking statements. This conference call will include the use of statements that are forward-looking in nature. Actual results achieved by the company may differ materially from those projections made in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect circumstances at the time they are made, and the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements made during this call. This disclaimer is only a brief summary of the company's statutory forward-looking statements disclaimer. We urge you to read the full disclaimer, which is included in the company's 10-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC.  I'd also like to remind you that during this call today we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. With regard to such, please refer to our securities filings for a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measures. After Jim, Peter, and Marty have discussed our results, we will have a question-and-answer session. If you would like to ask questions and are listening via the webcast, please use the dial-in number to participate: 877-692-2592.  I would now like to turn the call over to Loews' Chief Executive Officer, Jim Tisch. 
Jim Tisch: Thank you, Darren and good morning, everybody. Judging by the stock market reaction to our reported earnings, you'd think we had a miserable quarter. But in fact, Loews and all its subsidiaries reported excellent second quarter results, with positive underlying trends from previous quarters remaining intact.  Earnings per Loews common share increased to $0.95, up from $0.85 in the second quarter of last year. Strong results from Diamond Offshore and improved investment income were the primary drivers, although each of our subsidiaries is performing well.  Earnings per share of Carolina Group increased to $1.30 from $1.09 in the second quarter of last year. CNA reported another very strong quarter, reflecting the company's continued focus on improving operating fundamentals. Net operating income was the highest ever reported, and the combined ratio for P&C operations decreased by over 100 basis points to 94.9% for the first half of '07 versus the first half of last year. As the insurance market softens, CNA is well-positioned to manage through the business cycle with disciplined underwriting and claims management in its well diversified portfolio of commercial property casualty products and services.  Diamond Offshore achieved another quarter of record revenues and earnings. The international markets for semi submersibles and jackups remains quite healthy and are characterized by strong, leading edge day rates and improving duration of contract term. In contrast, the Gulf of Mexico jackup market continues to exhibit some pricing weakness. Accordingly, Diamond has announced that another of its jackup rigs, the Ocean King, has departed for the international market where day rates are stronger.  Also announced was a 10,000 foot water depth capable semi submersible, Ocean Endeavor, has commenced operating under a four-year contract in the Gulf of Mexico after completion of its two-year upgrade and commissioning. The combination of increased average day rates and the willingness of operators to enter into longer-term contracts have enabled Diamond to steadily increase its revenue backlog, which currently stands at $9 billion.  Carolina Group net income in the second quarter was the highest of any quarter since the issuance of Carolina Group stock in 2002. Benefiting from the sales strength of its Newport brand, Lorillard posted a 3.6% volume increase, while also increasing unit profitability versus prior-year second quarter. In a few moments, Marty Orlowsky will discuss operating results for Lorillard in greater detail.  Boardwalk Pipeline Partners recorded strong results that benefited from favorable market fundamentals. Earnings were driven by higher storage revenue and increased rates for transportation. Boardwalk also continues to make progress on its pipeline expansion projects, which are expected to contribute to the company's continued growth as they are brought online. Boardwalk has announced a cash distribution of $0.44 per unit for the second quarter, which represents a 16% increase over last year's second quarter distribution, and is the sixth consecutive quarterly increase since going public.  Loews Hotels had a good quarter, posting a 15% increase in net income. Revenue per available room increased by 7.8%, reflecting ongoing market strength in the luxury and upper upscale hotel segment.  In June we announced plans to buy natural gas exploration and production assets from Dominion Resources. Our newest company will be called Highmount Exploration and Production, and will operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Loews Corporation. We expect the transaction to close soon. As of June 30, our holding company cash and investments totaled $5.8 billion.  During the second quarter, we received $273 million in dividends from our subsidiary companies, and paid out $83 million in dividends to our shareholders. Also during the quarter, Loews repurchased over 1.4 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of approximately $70 million.  Now I'll hand things over to our CFO, Pete Keegan, who will provide additional detail on our financial results. 
 Peter Keegan:  Thanks, Jim and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, Loews Corporation reported consolidated net income of $653.4 million versus $568.7 million in the prior-year second quarter. Net income for Loews' common stock was $511.7 million, a 7.7% increase over net income of $474.9 million in the second quarter of 2006. Net investment losses were $78.6 million versus losses of $55 million in the prior year's second quarter. These relate primarily to CNA's investment portfolio, which I will discuss in just a moment.  Net income attributable to Carolina Group stock increased to $141.7 million from $93.8 million in the second quarter of 2006. The main drivers were higher effective unit pricing, increased unit sales volume, and the increased weighted average number of Carolina Group shares outstanding after the sale of Carolina Group stock in May and August of last year. The change in the number of shares outstanding does not affect the quarter's per-share results.  Lorillard contributed $97.1 million to net income for Loews common stock during the quarter, versus $110.5 million in the prior year's second quarter. As I just described, Lorillard's contribution was impacted by the reduction of Loews' economic interest in the Carolina Group. As of June 30th, Loews Corporation owned 65.4 million share equivalents, representing a 37.6% economic interest in Carolina Group.  Lorillard recorded charges of $172.4 million and $144 million after taxes for the second quarter of 2007 and 2006 respectively, to accrue for obligations under the State settlement agreements.  CNA contributed $284.9 million to Loews' operating income in the second quarter versus $281.4 million in the prior year's second quarter. Operating income benefited from disciplined underwriting and increased net investment income. Loews' interest in CNA's net realized investment losses were $80.6 million versus losses of $57.9 million in the prior year's second quarter. Investment losses were primarily driven by other than temporary impairment losses taken on fixed maturity securities that declined in value in response to increasing interest rates.  Now I want to go off script just for a second to follow through on some comments that Craig Mense made in the CNA call about an hour ago. So you all understand, for GAAP purposes, the majority of CNA's investment portfolio is carried as available for sale. What that means is that gains and losses that occur in the quarter go to unrealized gains and losses on the balance sheet, not through the income statement. The only time actions go through the income statement is when the company buys or sells securities at a loss, and then you'd have a realized loss on the income statement.  Every quarter, CNA reviews its securities that are in an unrealized loss position to determine whether or not it has the intent to hold those securities to maturity. If for any reason it determines it does not plan to hold those securities to maturity, it impairs those securities, and therefore the losses go through the income statement rather than just through the balance sheet. The effect on the balance sheet is the same whether those securities are a realized loss or an unrealized loss. The only difference is when we impair them, when CNA impairs them, they move to the income statement.  The intent to hold to recovery is a determination the company makes mainly so that it can maintain the flexibility to trade the portfolio appropriately in the future, depending on its view of market circumstances at that time.  Boardwalk Pipeline reported a contribution to Loews' second quarter net income of $16.4 million versus $16.5 million in the second quarter of 2006. The primary drivers of results were higher revenues from increased demand for firm transportation services and a healthy demand for gas storage services. Partially offsetting these factors was a pretax impairment charge of approximately $15 million related to Boardwalk's Magnolia Storage Project.  Affecting the comparison of results between the second quarters of 2007 and 2006 are secondary equity offerings by Boardwalk executed during the fourth quarter of 2006 and the first quarter this year, to help finance its announced expansion projects. The increase in limited partner units has reduced Loews' total ownership interest in Boardwalk to 75% from 85% in the prior-year second quarter. It is important to note that Loews maintains its 100% ownership of the general partner.  Diamond Offshore's contribution to net income rose to $117.6 million from $87.6 million in the second quarter of 2006. As we stated during our first quarter earnings conference call, Loews' ownership interest in Diamond Offshore decreased to 51% from 54% as the result of an increase in the total number of shares outstanding upon conversion of Diamond's 1.5% debentures due in 2031.  Loews Hotels net income for the second quarter was $13.8 million versus $12 million in the prior year's second quarter. Investment income and other rose to $84.2 million from $37.3 million in the prior year's second quarter, primarily due to favorable results from Loews' trading portfolio.  As of June 30th, 2007, total cash and investments at the holding company totaled $5.8 billion, while Loews Corporation's debt of $865 billion remain unchanged from the previous quarter. We expect to finance the purchase of natural gas exploration and production assets by our new Highmount subsidiary with cash provided by the holding company of about $2.4 billion and approximately $1.6 billion in a Highmount term loan. Holding company cash will be reduced by approximately $2.4 billion as a result of the acquisition.  Lorillard ended the quarter with $1.6 billion in cash and investments, while Carolina Group notional debt amounted to $978 million.  Now, I'll turn things over to Marty Orlowsky at Lorillard. 
 Marty Orlowsky:  Thanks, Peter. Good morning, everyone. As you've heard, Lorillard's operating income of $359 million and net income of $239 million for the second quarter of '07 as compared with the second quarter of '06 was up 13.7% and 16.9% respectively. As you've also heard, contributing to these results were higher unit pricing as a result of a price increase taken in December of '06, increased wholesale unit shipments, lower promotional spending, partially offset by an increase in expenses for state settlement agreements. Additionally, the second quarter of '06 included a charge of $15.5 million related to restructuring expenses.  Total Lorillard wholesale units shipped were up 3.6% for the second quarter of '07 versus the second quarter of '06. Total domestic Lorillard and Newport wholesale units shipped were up 4.3% and 3.6%, respectively, comparing the same periods. Lorillard outperformed the total domestic industry during the second quarter of '07. Industry shipments were down 4.6% for the second quarter of '07 as compared with the second quarter of '06. Lorillard's domestic shipment share was 10.22% for the second quarter of '07, which was an increase of just over 0.8% compared with the second quarter of '06. Newport's domestic share of shipments for the second quarter of '07 was 9.41%, which was also an increase of about eight-tenths of a share point when comparing the same quarters.  Lorillard's retail share for the second quarter of '07 was 10.33%, representing an increase of just over a half a share point over the second quarter of 2006; and Newport's retail share also increased by just over a half a share point to 9.50% for the same periods of comparison.  Newport achieved a 33.6% share of the menthol segment as of the second quarter of 2007, which was an increase of nine-tenths of a segment share point over the second quarter of '06. Lorillard continued to be, during the second quarter of '07, the only major tobacco company to reflect positive unit volume and market share improvement as compared with the second quarter of '06. Lorillard's marketing strategy continues to attempt to balance Newport's market share performance and overall profitability. Promotional spending in support of Newport is subject to change, depending on the brands' trends and competitive factors. Thank you. 
 Darren Daugherty:  Thank you, Marty. Operator, at this time we would like to start the question-and-answer session. 
Operator: Your first question comes from Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney. 
 Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Good morning, and let me say I appreciate your answer and Jimmy, I share your confusion at the stock reaction today. I do sense from investors sort of a nervousness about the overall investment picture and your company's exposure to what's happened in the third quarter. I was wondering if you would be willing to share with us any sort of incremental changes in the portfolio to date in the third quarter. With the Treasury rally, were you well positioned to benefit from it, as I expect? Whether you're playing offense or defense on the margin with the significant changes that have happened in July? 
Jim Tisch:  Well, I'm not going to talk about what we've done in our portfolio since the end of the quarter, but I think that a lot of the reaction of Loews' and CNA's stock to our earnings report related to the other than temporary impairments that we took. Pete explained it once, but let me just add a little bit to this discussion.  We manage today, and for the past 30 years, we have managed CNA's portfolio differently than most other insurance companies manage their portfolio. Typically, when an insurance company manages a portfolio they buy an asset, they put it there, they buy a bond, they put it in their portfolio, and they wake up five, ten, or 20 years later, or whatever, and the bond matures. That is typically not what happens in the CNA portfolio.  When we manage the portfolio, we have a more active portfolio management style. We buy securities and we sell securities. The reason that we do this is because we believe that we can add value by moving from one security to another, from one sector of the market to another. As I said, that's been our modus operandi for 30 years and I would happily stack up our performance record versus those of our peers in the insurance industry.  What's happened more recently is that the accounting rules have been tweaked and changed slightly, and the result of it is that most of the portfolio that we have, we carry as available for sale. The way the rules work today on securities that are carried available for sale is that if at the end of the quarter that individual security is at a loss -- doesn't matter if it's a $0.01, a point, or 20 points -- if it's at a loss, you have to state an intention to hold that security to recovery of the loss. If you can't make that assertion, then you have to take an impairment loss, what's called an other than temporary impairment loss.  The result of this is that we very much want to keep as much of our portfolio available for sale so that we can trade it to capitalize on changes in the markets. So therefore, we take as big an impairment charge as we can so that we can keep as much of our portfolio open and available for sale. So what you're seeing is an impairment charge that took place due to the significant increase in interest rates that occurred in the second quarter, and very little of that impairment charge actually resulted from deteriorating credit in our portfolio.  There's also at this time, I understand, tremendous sensitivity about CDOs and sub-prime securities, and let me just review for a minute the mortgage portfolio that we have at CNA. CNA has a mortgage portfolio of just under $11.7 billion. Of that, 3.8% is in CDO debt. But of that that's in CDO debt, a substantial portion -- in fact, most of that -- is in commercial CDOs, and mostly rated A. We also have just under $700 million of asset-backed securities that are backed by sub-prime mortgages. That is a portfolio that we are, in fact, very comfortable with. Additionally, because we recognized when we bought these securities that there was some risk to them, we have also entered into shorts in derivatives to offset some of the risk from those sub-prime mortgages. So, yes, some of those sub-prime mortgages are down in price, but the other thing offsetting that is significant increases in the hedge that we had put on to counterbalance those sub-prime mortgages.  That's my answer, Bob, and I'm sticking to it. 
 Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: Well, that's a very good answer. I worry that having you teach me accounting probably isn't helpful for the stock, but it's definitely helpful for my knowledge of the facts. I appreciate it. What's the size of your short portfolio, roughly? 
Jim Tisch:  I don't want to go into that. I don't want to talk about individual securities. 
 Bob Glasspiegel - Langen McAlenney: You're not willing to talk about any of these positives that are happening, but you're outlining all the negatives fully, consistent with your historic conservatism. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs. 
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  Jim, just on the Loews trading portfolio part of it, I know that you've always said it's mostly in cash and government bonds. But can you clarify that none of the Loews trading portfolio really is exposed to any sub-prime or CDO market? 
Jim Tisch:  We have very little exposure to sub-prime and CDO in the Loews' portfolio. 
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  Is it fair to say it's much less than what CNA is exposed to? 
Jim Tisch:  Say again? 
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs:  Is it fair to say that the exposure is much less than what CNA is exposed to? 
Jim Tisch:  Oh, yes. 
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Some questions for you, Marty. First, in terms of just looking at your COGS per unit in the second quarter, excluding MSA payments and the buyout expenses, it looks like in the second quarter it was up much more than what we've seen recently. So can you just talk about what drove that increase in the second quarter? 
 Marty Orlowsky:  Well, in part it was increased excise taxes related to the higher volumes. Secondly, we had some promotion expense that was included due to the nature of the expense in the cost of sales or the cost of goods. However overall, our promotional spending, if you include what does not get accounted for in cost of goods, was down. So mostly, it's due to the promotional expense. 
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: So the nature of the promotional expenses that hurt the COGS in the quarter, is that related to higher percentage of free goods promotions in the second quarter? 
 Marty Orlowsky:  That's correct. Yes. 
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: In relation to that, could you just talk about the competitive landscape in the menthol segment? We've heard Reynolds talk about the competitive activity heating up a little bit in the second quarter. Could you just talk about what you're seeing more recently as it relates to the menthol competitive dynamics? 
 Marty Orlowsky: Other than a couple of line extensions that have been introduced by Reynolds and Philip Morris and the associated promotional activity that goes along with those introductions, essentially I don't see any major, major changes. There's still a fair amount of buy downs, or off invoice and buy down programs on the part of Philip Morris on menthol packings, and Reynolds is pretty actively supporting through promotion, Camel Menthol as well as some, as I mentioned, some of the line extensions for KOOL. Other than that, I don't really see anything hugely different. It's still very competitive in a general sense. 
 Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thirdly, in terms of the industry demand picture, obviously, the first half of the year was weaker than what we've seen in recent years. Do you think that the decline of the consumption would moderate in the second half of the year? 
 Marty Orlowsky:  Well I don't know if I could attribute whatever weaknesses are reflected in the numbers for the second quarter to consumption declines. I think from a shipment perspective, on the wholesale level, there's a lot of distortion that occurred during the second quarter in comparing the second quarter of '07 with '06, not necessarily that affected us, but certainly the industry itself. By that I mean there were differences in promotional volumes on the part of some of the competition, there was a difference in terms of shipment patterns because of different systems changes. So there's a lot of noise in the wholesale level.  I think the underlying numbers, I don't think are quite as weak for the industry as what were reflected in terms of what was reported. With respect to consumption, we don't measure consumption. I don't think anyone really has a particularly good handle on consumption, so I can't really speak to that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Adelman - Morgan Stanley. 
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley:  Jim, let me ask you a follow-up question to the comments you made about the hedge positions for CNA on some of their sub-prime-related exposure. To the extent that they make money on one of those hedge positions, does that reduce or moderate at all the mark to market P&L impact that was incurred during the quarter? 
Jim Tisch:  Yes, it does. Those derivatives are mark to market every quarter. 
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Bigger picture, Jim. If you take the hypothetical that there were to be significant stress in the capital markets over some period of time, would you be willing to have the corporation borrow money, a significant amount of money, to make an acquisition or to incur a credit rating downgrade? 
Jim Tisch:  I don't want to talk about hypotheticals like that. I just want to say that where I thought you were going was if there was a meltdown of the financial markets, I think that the CNA portfolio is in terrific shape in order to take advantage of that. In fact, we've been doing that in certain markets now that have seen particular stress, we've been allocating more and more capital to those markets. We're actually having a pretty good time in these markets, notwithstanding the stress; or in fact because of the stress. 
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Pete, you might have said it and I missed it. What was the quarter end gross cash balance at the holding company? 
 Peter Keegan:  It's $5.8 billion, David. 
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: Marty, I wanted to ask you a few questions, please. Was there any material change from the quarter start to the quarter end in your trade inventory levels? 
 Marty Orlowsky:  No. 
David Adelman - Morgan Stanley: That was the principal thing I wanted to ask you. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Nik Modi - UBS. 
 Nik Modi - UBS:  Marty, just one quick question in terms of Newport M. Can you just give some perspective on that, if you've shipped that already, and if some of the promotional goods that you shipped were related to the new product launch? Thanks. 
 Marty Orlowsky:  Yes, we went into test market effective the first week of July, and it's in a limited test market. We're not big on line extending but we feel that this particular blend may have an opportunity to build some incremental competitive business for us; gains. Some of the activity, it was very minor, Nik, it was promotional and shipped in the late second quarter, but it was really relatively insignificant in the scheme of things. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse. 
 Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse:  Again, congrats on a good quarter here on the Lorillard side. Jim or Pete, just as a follow-up on Judy's question, the marketable securities at Carolina Group, if I recall correctly from past SEC filings, that some of that is in limited partnerships. We should not be concerned that any of these marketable securities carry significant mark to market risk, correct? 
Jim Tisch:  Well, those securities are basically mark to market every quarter, and they have generated extraordinary earnings for Carolina Group, just as the $1 billion-plus portfolio of partnership investments for CNA has generated extraordinary investments for them. We don't see anything extraordinary in the negative sense coming from those investments. 
 Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: On the tax rate, the rate was down for year over year. Anything in particular behind that decline, and what should we assume for the second half of the year there? 
Jim Tisch: Pete's got the information on the tax rate. 
 Peter Keegan:  I don't have that readily available. I've got the Loews consolidated. 
Jim Tisch:  Are you looking for Loews consolidated? 
 Darren Daugherty: Are you talking about Carolina Group or Loews? 
 Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse:  Carolina Group. 
 Darren Daugherty:  Carolina Group, the tax rate was 39.10% and it went down to 37.34%. The principal decline was attributable to an increase in the manufacturer's deduction. That 37.34% is about our current estimate. 
 Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Marty, we had recently Swedish Match announce that they're going to take Red Man into Snus. Can you give us an update at this juncture in terms of what joint venture you may be working on with regard to the smokeless side? Thanks. 
 Marty Orlowsky:  The only thing that I'm going to say is that we continue to work on a project, which we announced a while back. I don't really have anything more specific to add at this point. 
 Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: My final question is for Jim and Pete again. I want to ask more questions on the potential dividend review. But that being said, if the net worth test, if it gets lifted, based on my calculations, if you were to pay down all the inter-company debt it looks like you may be sitting on a sizable amount of excess cash on the balance sheet. Should we assume that's most likely going to be a return to shareholders in the form of a special dividend? Or are there other uses of cash that we have not spoken about so far? Thanks. 
Jim Tisch:  As you know, the basic modus operandi of the company has been to pay down the notional debt as quickly as possible. Once that's done, to pay as much as possible in dividends, while also maintaining the financial strength and solvency of Lorillard, and also keeping Carolina Group on a good, financial balance. So we have no plans beyond that. 
 Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse:  But if you're sitting on excess cash, Jim, I would assume that you will return that to shareholders, no? 
Jim Tisch:  Well, Filippe, you've got to be careful. Not only do we have to look at cash, but we also have to look at shareholder's equity. We always want to run Lorillard so that it has a significant amount of shareholder equity so that it can operate as a strong and solvent company. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  Marty, I'm wondering if I could follow-up a little bit on your operating expenses, and perhaps you highlighted this a little bit earlier. Even if we were to pull out the charges from a year ago, there's still about 300 basis points of operating leverage. How much of that improvement came through with the promotional expense that was in the COGS line versus any other timing of expenses or overall cost savings associated with your cost cuts put in place last year? 
 Marty Orlowsky:  Well, when you say operating expenses, you're talking about SG&A? 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Correct, yes. 
 Marty Orlowsky: Most of the positives on SG&A were derived through lower promotional spending and then secondarily, lower costs attributable to the sales restructuring, it is an ongoing reduction in expense. I'm not sure I quite understand your question. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  Just earlier, you mentioned the higher cost of goods. Part of that had to do with the nature of your promotional expense in the quarter. So I guess the flip side would be is, do you get a benefit of that in the SG&A line because it came through in the COGS line? 
 Marty Orlowsky:  If you add up total promotional dollars, forget the accounting rule, but just in terms of total promotional spending, we were down in the second quarter of '07 versus '06. We spent less in promotion, overall. From an accounting standpoint, some expense goes into the cost of goods sold. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  That's helpful. Your second point, or a clarification that there were in fact some cost savings that came through in the quarter.  Just some housekeeping items, which we always try to get out of you. Would you have the tobacco growers -- ? 
 Marty Orlowsky:  It sounds like I never answered the question. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  For which question, the first one? 
 Marty Orlowsky:  No, no, go ahead. 
 Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch:  No, you do always give it to us. Sorry. The tobacco growers payments and the depreciation expense for the quarter. Thanks. 
 Marty Orlowsky:  All right. The grower expense was $27.4 million in the second quarter of '07. Our depreciation was 10.3. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Gurkin - Davenport. 
 Ann Gurkin - Davenport:  Just one thing left. I didn't know if you had any comments on potential FDA regulation or FET tax increases? Also, I think it was Senator Enzi has been floating a bill that would propose eliminating the entire menthol segment. So I didn't know if you had any comments on any of that? 
 Marty Orlowsky:  Well, the only comment can I make is on FET right now the activity on the House side was for a $0.45 increase. But the way the Congress has evolved lately, one never knows where it's going to go, but that's where it seems to be heading.  On the FDA side, they're going to resume committee meetings on Wednesday. There's a laundry list of amendments that Enzi and others either have already proposed or may propose. It's very difficult to comment on what the basis or the potential of any of those amendments are. Remember, this is all at the committee level. A lot of it is maneuvering and jockeying around for some kind of position on the legislation. Beyond that, there really isn't much I can comment on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman - Soleil Securities. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Sorry, more CAN. Thank you, it was very helpful explanations but from reading the press release, CNA seems to be saying that net operating income included the $119 million net investment gain; and in fact, the improvement in net operating income was primarily due to increased net investment income and that operating income in fact may have been negative. Can you clarify those comments? 
Jim Tisch: Sure. Net operating income includes investment income, but does not include capital gain or loss. So the net operating income of $318 million is what was earned in the insurance business, including the investment income on the portfolio. And then, additionally to that, there was a net $91 million loss on capital transactions within the CNA portfolio, so that resulted in a net income from continuing operations of $227 million. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities:  So if we just look at the operations excluding that net investment income, it might have been more like $200 million down from about $305 million? 
Jim Tisch:  No. No, no, no. CNA earned from its insurance operations, which includes interest and investment income, earned $318 million -- which I might add, is the most that CNA has ever earned in a quarter from its operating business. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: But that included the investment income? 
Jim Tisch:  That includes investment income, yes. It always does. By the way, investment income is an integral part of the business model, not only of CNA, but of every insurance company. If you read Warren Buffet's annual report, he refers to it as float, and how important that float is in the income for him and every other insurance company. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities:  So we should not be concerned that the mix this quarter was more skewed to investment income? 
Jim Tisch:  There was a significant increase in investment income. I leave it to you to decide whether or not you should be concerned about it. I'm comfortable with it. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Can you give us again the Lorillard debt figure? 
Jim Tisch:  The notional debt I think is $975 million. 
 Peter Keegan:  $978 million. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities:  That was the notional. What about Lorillard? Sorry, Loews' debt? 
 Peter Keegan:  $865 million. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Can you give us an idea of what you expect for your long-term return on your investment in gas exploration production? 
Jim Tisch:  We don't even own it yet. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities:  Can you give us an idea of what your long-term growth return is expected to be once you own it? 
Jim Tisch:  No. We don't make forecasts. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities:  Do you see it as being maybe relative to what you saw when you first got into gas pipelines? 
Jim Tisch:  I don't want to characterize the rates of return that we think we're going to earn. We are a company that goes about our business. We have a sense of what the value is of what we bought. But we don't want to put ourselves in a position where we're making projections and estimates for investors, because that can only come back to haunt the company in one way or another. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse. 
 Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Marty, just a follow-up, please if I may, this morning. If my memory serves me right, in the last couple of the quarters, your operating earnings benefited from lower litigation expense. Am I right to assume that that was still the case this quarter? When will you actually anniversary those lower expenses? Thank you. 
 Marty Orlowsky: Our expenses were basically flat in legal second quarter of '07 with the second quarter of '06. So we have about flattened out at this point. Where it's going to go in the future, I think as I've explained in the past, is totally dependent on the number of trials and cases that one deals with. So there's a degree of unpredictability associated with that, other than in general terms, clearly the legal landscape has, so to speak, calmed down a bit. Certainly major class actions are not as much of an issue as they have been in the past, and therefore the expenses have gone down related to that. So right now, it was about a flat comparison. 
 Filippe Goossens - Credit Suisse: Marty, since I have you, in terms of the arbitration for the disputed payments, do you have any feel for what the timeline may be to have that all resolved? 
 Marty Orlowsky:  No, not at all. In fact, there has been no agreement on arbitration of any consequence. So the industry has been successful in virtually every one of these issues that were brought into the trial court, and in many instances, at the appellate level in the individual states. However, there's no way to predict when any of the states are going to agree to attempt to arbitrate the issue, as per the agreement itself. So I can't give you any kind of timeline. 
Operator: There appear to be no further questions. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments. 
 Darren Daugherty: Thank you for joining us today. A replay of this call, as well as the downloadable podcast, will be available on our website, Loews.com, in approximately two hours. That concludes today's call.
